<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241025_10-Q_edgar_data_1130713_0001130713-24-000075.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6397703</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104242</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1262007</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1976213</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1614668</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1319652</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001130713-24-000075.hdr.sgml : 20241025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241025161249
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001130713-24-000075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEYOND, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130713
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				870634302
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41850
		FILM NUMBER:		241397218

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		799 W. COLISEUM WAY
		CITY:			MIDVALE
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84047
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8019473100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		799 W. COLISEUM WAY
		CITY:			MIDVALE
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84047

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OVERSTOCK.COM, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OVERSTOCK COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001130713-24-000075.txt : 20241025

10-Q
 1
 byon-20240930.htm
 10-Q

byon-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 shares of the registrant's common stock, par value 0.0001, were outstanding on October 18, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

BEYOND, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 10 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 39 
 Signatures 
 40 

2 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and any documents incorporated herein by reference, and our other public documents and statements our officers and representatives may make from time to time, contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. We intend for these statements to be entitled to the protection of the safe harbor provisions of these laws. You can find many of these statements by looking for words such as "may," "would," "could," "should," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "predict," "project," "potential," "continue," "contemplate," "seek," "assume," "believe," "intend," "plan," "forecast," "goal," "estimate," or other similar expressions which identify these forward-looking statements. 
 
 These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry and business, and on management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, you are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that are difficult to predict, and that actual results and outcomes may be materially different from the results or outcomes expressed or implied by any of our forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including among others: 
 
 any difficulties we may encounter as a result of our reliance on third-parties that we do not control for the performance of critical functions material to our business, such as carriers, fulfillment partners, and SaaS/IaaS providers; 
 any inability to compete successfully against existing or future competitors or to effectively market our business and generate customer traffic; 
 our ability to realize the benefits of any investment in new business strategies, partnerships, ventures, acquisitions, or other transactions; 
 a recession or other economic downturn, inflation, high interest rates, our exposure to the U.S. housing market, or other changes in U.S. and global economic conditions or U.S. consumer spending; 
 any increases in the price of importing goods into the U.S. or transporting to our customers the types of merchandise we sell or other supply chain challenges that limit our ability to deliver merchandise to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner; 
 any difficulties or negative consequences we may encounter as a result of our changed company name, changed stock ticker symbol, changed stock exchange on which our common stock trades, or as a result of the use of our various brands including Beyond, Overstock, Bed Bath Beyond, Zulily, Backyard, and College Living and the platforms on which they operate; 
 any problems associated with the changing job market, changing job structure, organizational changes or restructuring, reductions in force, changing compensation structure, or ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 any inability to generate and maintain unpaid natural traffic to our websites; 
 any inability to become profitable or generate positive cash flow from operations; 
 the relocation or third-party maintenance of our data center or any other risks or challenges that could result in loss of functionality or unavailability of our websites or reduced performance of our transaction systems; 
 our exposure to cybersecurity risks, risks of data loss and other security breaches; 
 the risk that we may incur or be required to recognize losses relating to our equity and other investments, including new investments; 
 the impacts that we would experience if governmental entities or providers of consumer devices and internet browsers further restrict or regulate the use of "cookie" tracking technologies; 
 the impact that any litigation, claims, or regulatory matters could have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; 
 any inability to optimize and effectively operate our distribution center, warehouse, and customer service operations; 
 any failures to effectively utilize technological advancements; 
 negative economic consequences of political events such as the U.S. presidential election, various global conflicts, and macroeconomic factors; 
 negative consequences associated with our determination to partially self-insure our employee's health insurance; 
 the possibility that we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology and to obtain trademark protection for our marks; 
 current and future claims of intellectual property infringement to which we are subject; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

any difficulties we may encounter as a result of our reliance on third-parties that we do not control for their representations regarding product compliance with various laws and regulations; 
 any difficulties we may encounter as a result of our evolving business practices, including strategic ventures, the expansion of our products and service offerings, our continuing expansion into international markets, our changing approach to holding inventory, content creation, and sales through our various websites and brands; 
 any problems associated with our lack of visibility into, and our lack of influence over, our equity method investments, including our reliance on third-parties to timely and accurately report material events to us; 
 any inability of Pelion Venture Partners to successfully manage the Medici Ventures, L.P. fund, in which we are the limited partner, or any other entity in which we also have a direct minority interest; and 
 the other risks described in this report or in our other public filings. 
 
 In evaluating all forward-looking statements, you should specifically consider the risks outlined above and in this report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2024, in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024, in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on July 31, 2024 especially under the headings "Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements," "Risk Factors," "Legal Proceedings," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These factors may cause our actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statement. Although we believe that our expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee or offer any assurance of future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements or other future events. Our forward-looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date of this report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report or any changes in our expectations or any change in any events, conditions or circumstances on which any of our forward-looking statements are based. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Beyond, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Inventories Prepaids and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Equity securities, including securities measured at fair value of and 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Other long-term assets, net Property and equipment, net held for sale Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Unearned revenue Operating lease liabilities, current Current debt, net held for sale Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other long-term liabilities Long-term debt, net held for sale Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 par value, authorized shares - , issued and outstanding - 
 Common stock, par value, authorized shares - 
 Issued shares - and 
 Outstanding shares - and 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock at cost - and 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Beyond, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenue Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses Sales and marketing Technology General and administrative Customer service and merchant fees Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Interest income, net Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share of common stock: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Beyond, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges, net of expense for taxes of , , , and 
 Other comprehensive income Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Beyond, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Equity attributable to stockholders of Beyond, Inc. Shares of common stock issued Balance at beginning of period Common stock issued upon vesting of restricted stock Common stock issued for ESPP purchases Balance at end of period Shares of treasury stock Balance at beginning of period Tax withholding upon vesting of employee stock awards Balance at end of period Total shares of common stock outstanding Common stock Preferred stock Additional paid-in capital Balance at beginning of period Stock-based compensation to employees and directors Common stock issued for ESPP purchases Balance at end of period Accumulated deficit Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Net other comprehensive income Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Treasury stock Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Tax withholding upon vesting of employee stock awards ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Total stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Beyond, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash operating lease cost Stock-based compensation to employees and directors (Increase) decrease in deferred income taxes, net ) Gain on sale of intangible assets ) Write-down of assets held for sale Loss from equity method securities Other non-cash adjustments ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Inventories ) Prepaids and other current assets ) Other long-term assets, net ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Unearned revenue ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from the sale of intangible assets Expenditures for property and equipment ) ) Purchase of intangible assets ) ) Disbursement for notes receivable ) Other investing activities, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments of taxes withheld upon vesting of employee stock awards ) ) Other financing activities, net ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Beyond, Inc. 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

11 

Table of Contents 

) ) Gross profit Customer service and merchant fees 

12 

Table of Contents 

Equity securities, at fair value Available-for-sale debt securities (1) Total assets Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 
 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Cash equivalents Money market funds Equity securities, at fair value Available-for-sale debt securities (1) Trading securities held in a "rabbi trust" (1) Total assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation accrual "rabbi trust" (2) Total liabilities ___________________________________________ 
 (1) Included in Prepaids and other current assets and Other long-term assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Included in Accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Increase due to purchases of Level 3 investments Decrease in fair value of Level 3 investments ) Accrued interest on Level 3 investments Level 3 investments at December 31, 2023 
 Decrease in fair value of Level 3 investments ) Accrued interest on Level 3 investments Level 3 investments at September 30, 2024 

13 

Table of Contents 

million. The transaction is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2024. As a result, the Company recognized an additional write-down loss of million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which is recorded in Other expense, net in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation of internal-use software and website development 
 
 Technology General and administrative Total depreciation 

million which has been allocated to two major asset categories consisting of million for trade names, with an indefinite useful life, and for customer lists, with an estimated useful life of . 
 14 

Table of Contents 

million in cash plus the assumption of certain liabilities. On April 18, 2024, we closed the transaction and received million in cash proceeds. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized the entire million as a gain on the sale which is included in Other expense, net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization of intangible assets ) ) Intangible assets subject to amortization, net Intangible assets not subject to amortization Total intangible assets, net ___________________________________________ 
 (1) At September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining useful life for intangible assets subject to amortization, gross was years. 

Equity securities accounted for under the equity method under the fair value option Total equity securities 
 
 Our equity securities accounted for under the equity method under ASC 323 include equity securities in which we can exercise significant influence, but not control, over these entities through holding more than a 20 voting interest in the entity. 
 
 tZERO Group, Inc. SpeedRoute, LLC 
 
 The carrying amount of our equity method securities was million at September 30, 2024, which is included in Equity securities on our consolidated balance sheets, of which million was valued under the fair value option (tZERO and SpeedRoute). For our investments in Medici Ventures, L.P., tZERO, and SpeedRoute there was no difference in the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities and our maximum exposure to loss, and there was no difference between the carrying amount of our investment in Medici Ventures, L.P., and the amount of underlying equity we have in the entity's net assets. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in fair value of equity method securities held under fair value option ) ) ) 
 
 Regulation S-X Rule 10-01(b)(1) 
 
 In accordance with Rule 10-01(b)(1) of Regulation S-X, which applies to interim reports on Form 10-Q, the Company must determine if its equity method investees are considered "significant subsidiaries". Summarized income statement information of an equity method investee is required in an interim report if the significance criteria are met as defined under SEC guidance. For the period ended September 30, 2024, none of our equity method investees met the significance criteria. 
 
 Pre-tax loss ) Net loss ) 

million Senior Note, carrying interest at an annual rate of , and a million Mezzanine Note, carrying interest at an annual rate of . The loans carry a blended annual interest rate of . The Senior Note is for a -year term (stated maturity date is March 6, 2030) and requires interest only payments, with the principal amount and any then unpaid interest due and payable at the end of the -year term. The Mezzanine Note has a stated -year term, though the agreement requires principal and interest payments monthly over approximately a -month payment period. Our debt issuance costs and debt discount are amortized using the straight-line basis which approximates the effective interest method. 
 
 In January 2024, we repaid the entire outstanding balance under the Mezzanine Note. As of September 30, 2024, the total outstanding debt on the Senior Note was million, net of in capitalized debt issuance costs. Our total outstanding debt on the Senior Note is classified as held-for-sale and included in Long-term debt, net held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 4 Assets Held for Sale for further information. 
 
 million and minimum liquid assets of million for the remainder of the term that the Senior Note is outstanding. We are in compliance with our debt covenants and continue to monitor our ongoing compliance with our debt covenants. 

to , some of which may include options to extend the leases perpetually, and some of which may include options to terminate the leases within one year. Variable lease costs include executory costs, such as taxes, insurance, and maintenance. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Variable lease cost 

years years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 
 2025 2026 2027 Total lease payments Less interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

vote. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive dividends declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available, subject to prior rights of holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights as to dividends. 
 
 JonesTrading Sales Agreement 
 
 We entered into a Capital on Demand TM Sales Agreement (the "Sales Agreement") dated June 10, 2024 with JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC ("JonesTrading"), under which we may conduct "at the market" public offerings of our common stock. Under the Sales Agreement, JonesTrading, acting as our sales agent or principal, may offer our common stock in the market on a daily basis or otherwise as we request from time to time. We have no obligation to sell shares under the Sales Agreement, but we may do so from time to time. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did sell any 
 18 

Table of Contents 

million available under our "at the market" sales program. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we did repurchase any shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. As of September 30, 2024, we had million available for future share repurchases under our current repurchase authorization through December 31, 2025. 

Sales and marketing Technology General and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 
 Beyond restricted stock unit awards 
 
 The Beyond, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Equity Incentive Plan provides for the grant of restricted stock units and other types of equity awards to employees and directors of the Company. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approves grants of restricted stock unit awards to our officers, board members and employees. These restricted stock unit awards generally vest over three years at at the end of the first year, at the end of the second year and at the end of the third year, subject to the recipient's continuing service to us. During the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we changed our vesting schedule for newly granted restricted stock units from to . These restricted stock unit awards will vest at each year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we granted restricted stock awards with a cumulative grant date fair value of million under the new vesting schedule. 
 
 The cost of restricted stock units is determined using the fair value of our common stock on the date of the grant and compensation expense is either recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting schedule or on an accelerated schedule when vesting of restricted stock awards exceeds a straight-line basis. The cumulative amount of compensation expense recognized at any point in time is at least equal to the portion of the grant date fair value of the award that is vested at that date. 
 
 Performance Shares 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we granted performance-based shares ("PSUs") to our executive management team. A portion of each grant of PSUs is eligible to vest based on our net revenue performance and the remaining portion is eligible to vest based on our stock price performance. The PSUs tied to stock price performance will be eligible to vest in installments upon the achievement of separate stock price hurdles during the period following the grant date, with of the PSUs earned if the average per-share closing price of our common stock over any consecutive trading day period equals or exceeds per share (but in no event prior to the first anniversary of the grant date), of the PSUs earned if the average per-share closing price of our common stock over any consecutive trading day period equals or exceeds per share (but in no event prior to the second anniversary of the grant date), and of the PSUs earned if the average per share closing price of our common stock over any consecutive trading 
 19 

Table of Contents 

per share (but in no event prior to the third anniversary of the grant date), in each case subject to the recipient s continued service through the vesting date. If a stock price hurdle is not achieved during the three years following the grant date, the portion of the award tied to such stock price hurdle will be forfeited. 
 
 The PSUs tied to net revenue performance will vest based on our net revenue over three years, with one-third of the PSUs eligible to vest on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the recipient s continued service through the vesting date. To be eligible to vest in any tranche of the PSUs tied to net revenue performance, we must meet the GAAP net revenue goal established for the applicable year. 
 
 For the portion of the PSUs that vest based on our net revenue performance, we recognize expense as compensation cost, the fair value on the date of grant over the performance period, taking into account the probability that we will satisfy the performance goals. For the portion of the PSUs that vest based on stock price hurdles, which is a market condition, we use a Monte Carlo valuation model to estimate the fair value as of the date of grant and expense compensation cost over the vesting period regardless of whether the market condition is ultimately satisfied. 
 
 Stock-based compensation related to the PSUs is included in the stock-based compensation expense table above combined with the expense associated with our restricted stock units, performance share options, and ESPP. Stock-based compensation related to the PSUs was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Performance Share Options 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we granted a performance-based option to purchase shares of our common stock to our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors (the "Performance Share Option"). The Performance Share Option will be eligible to vest in installments upon the achievement of separate stock price hurdles during the period following the grant date, with of the shares subject to the Performance Share Option, having an exercise price of per share, becoming vested if the average per-share closing price of our common stock over any consecutive trading day period following the grant date but on or prior to the second anniversary of the grant date equals or exceeds per share (but in no event will this tranche vest prior to the first anniversary of the grant date); of the shares subject to the Performance Share Option, having an exercise price of per share, becoming vested if the average per-share closing price of our common stock over any consecutive trading day period following the grant date but on or prior to the third anniversary of the grant date equals or exceeds per share (but in no event will this tranche vest prior to the second anniversary of the grant date); and of the shares subject to the Performance Share Option, having an exercise price of per share, becoming vested if the average per-share closing price of our common stock over any consecutive trading day period following the grant date but on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the grant date equals or exceeds per share (but in no event will this tranche vest prior to the third anniversary of the grant date), in each case subject to the Executive Chairman's continued service through the vesting date. If a stock price hurdle is not achieved during the performance period following the grant date, the portion of the award tied to such stock price hurdle will be forfeited. 
 
 The fair value of the Performance Share Option is determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model to estimate the fair value as of the date of grant and we will expense compensation cost over the vesting period regardless of whether the market condition is ultimately satisfied. 
 
 Stock-based compensation related to the Performance Share Option is included in stock-based compensation expense table above combined with the expense associated with our restricted stock units, PSUs, and ESPP. Stock-based compensation related to the performance share options was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Granted at fair value Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding end of period 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 Purchases under the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were shares and shares, respectively, at an average purchase price per share of and , respectively. At September 30, 2024, approximately million shares of common stock remained available under the ESPP. 
 
 Stock-based compensation related to the ESPP is included in the stock-based compensation expense table above combined with the expense associated with our restricted stock units, PSUs, and performance share options. Stock-based compensation related to the ESPP was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Increase due to deferral of revenue at period end, net Decrease due to beginning contract liabilities recognized as revenue ) Unearned revenue at December 31, 2023 Increase due to deferral of revenue at period end, net Decrease due to beginning contract liabilities recognized as revenue ) Unearned revenue at September 30, 2024 
 
 Our total unearned revenue related to outstanding loyalty program rewards was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Breakage income related to loyalty program rewards and gift cards is recognized in Net revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. Breakage included in revenue was million and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The timing of revenue recognition of these reward dollars is driven by actual customer activities, such as redemptions and expirations. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had an additional million and million, respectively, of unearned contract revenue classified within Other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Additions to the allowance Deductions from the allowance ) Allowance for returns at December 31, 2023 Additions to the allowance Deductions from the allowance ) Allowance for returns at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding basic Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding diluted Net loss per share of common stock: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) 
 
 Employee stock purchase plan 

million investment into TCS (the "Equity Investment"). The Equity Investment contemplates the issuance and sale by TCS to the Company of: (a) shares of a new class of its capital stock titled its "Series B Convertible Preferred Stock" (the "Series B Convertible Preferred Stock") with an initial conversion price of plus (b) the number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock attributable to the Company's expenses incurred in connection with the Purchase Agreement and the Equity Investment (not to exceed 
 22 

Table of Contents 

/ shares) for an aggregate purchase price of million pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement entered into by the parties (the "Purchase Agreement"). The Purchase Agreement contains termination rights for the Company and TCS, including, among others, by either the Company or TCS if the Closing does not occur before January 31, 2025 by reason of the failure of any of the applicable closing conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement to be satisfied, including the Company's sole discretion to determine whether the terms of any refinancing or amendment are commercially acceptable. 
 
 Kirkland's Stores, Inc. 
 
 In October 2024, the Company entered into a strategic business relationship with Kirkland's Stores, Inc. ("Kirkland's") which includes, among other things, entry into a secured Term Loan Credit Agreement ("Credit Agreement"). The Company will provide million in debt financing to Kirkland's, including an million promissory note and an million convertible note (the "Loan"). The Credit Agreement bears interest on the unpaid principal balance at an annual rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR rate, for a , or SOFR period (depending on which option is elected) plus , established by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The million convertible note (plus accrued interest) (the "Conversion Amount") can be converted into Kirkland's common stock at a conversion price of per share in an amount not to exceed of the outstanding shares at the Company's election. The Company will also invest million in Kirkland's common stock pursuant to Subscription Agreement and Investor Rights Agreement (collectively the "Subscription Agreement"), subject to receiving approval of Kirkland's stockholders. 
 
 Revolving Line of Credit 
 
 In October 2024, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the "Loan Agreement") with BMO Bank N.A. (in such capacity, "BMO"), pursuant to which BMO agrees to lend the Company up to million on a revolving line of credit to aid the Company in securing strategic ventures. In connection with the Loan Agreement, BMO issued a revolving line of credit promissory note (the "Revolving Note") and granted a lien on the cash collateral account specified in the Loan Agreement (the "Cash Collateral Account"). The revolving line of credit bears interest on the unpaid principal balance at an annual rate equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR rate, for a interest period plus , established by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Company is obligated to pay certain commitment fees on undrawn amounts under the Loan Agreement in amounts specified in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement and Revolving Note will terminate on October 18, 2025 and loans thereunder may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed up to such date. The Loan Agreement is subject to limited affirmative covenants and negative covenants, including the requirement that the Company maintain cash in the Cash Collateral Account in an amount that is three percent greater than BMO's aggregate commitments under the Loan Agreement. 
 
 Reduction-in-force 
 
 of the Company's workforce, with employee notification to occur within the fourth quarter of 2024. The Company took this step to strategically reduce costs in non-critical areas and create a more streamlined organization to support its asset-light business model. 

23 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion provides information that we believe to be relevant to an understanding of our unaudited consolidated financial condition and results of operations. The statements in this section regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding the performance of our business and any other non-historical statements are forward-looking statements. Our actual results and outcomes may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements contained herein. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and other important factors, including, but not limited to, those described in "Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" and in Part II, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You should read the following discussion together with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the sections entitled "Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements," Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2024. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are an asset-light ecommerce company that owns or has ownership interests in various retail brands and has created a cooperative affinity model, with the aim of offering a comprehensive array of products and services that enable its customers to unlock their homes' potential through its vast data cooperative. In addition, we also offer an increasing number of add-on services across our platforms, including warranties, shipping insurance, installation services, and gain access to home loans. We will also be expanding our global loyalty program, Beyond +, to encompass all affiliated entities across our cooperative in order to incentivize customer retention within our growing ecosystem We currently own Overstock, Bed Bath Beyond, Baby Beyond, and Zulily. As used herein, "Beyond," "the Company," "we," "our" and similar terms include Beyond, Inc. and its controlled subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Through our Bed Bath Beyond brand, we aim to provide an extensive array of home-related products tailored specifically for our target customers - consumers who seek comprehensive support throughout their shopping journey, aspiring to discover quality, stylish products at competitive prices that align with their budget requirements. We regularly refresh our product assortment to reflect the evolving preferences of our customers and aim to stay aligned with current trends. The mission of this brand is to achieve category-leading ownership of four distinct rooms of the home: the bedroom, the bathroom, the kitchen, and the patio, and our goal is for our assortment to include not only core legacy categories like bedding and kitchenware, but also adjacent categories like bedroom and outdoor furniture and rugs. Leveraging an asset-light supply chain, we offer direct shipping to customers from both our suppliers and our leased warehouse. 
 
 Bed Bath Beyond's strategic priorities include assortment curation to elevate product quality levels and improve ease of selection, as well as the creation of specialized experiences centered around our target customers' key life events, such as getting married, having a baby, sending a child to college, and moving homes. 
 
 Through our Overstock brand, we aim to provide a wide array of quality goods at discounted prices, and a treasure hunt-like experience for our target customers - consumers who are highly engaged, very accustomed to purchasing online, and actively seeking great deals. The mission of this brand is to provide 'crazy good deals' - a giant assortment of products at significantly discounted prices. Our product assortment includes core legacy categories such as indoor and outdoor furniture, apparel and footwear, rugs, d cor, lighting, jewelry and watches, sports and entertainment, as well as new categories including closeouts, liquidation, and factory direct, with plans to introduce additional categories in the near term. 
 
 Zulily's primary focus is attracting a loyal customer base with flash sales on women's, kid's, and men's apparel, footwear, beauty, and wellness. The Zulily acquisition has provided the opportunity to expand our customer base with a younger demographic that shops more frequently with us than our other Beyond brands. Our marketing mix is also diversified and favors a social-first approach that is less reliant on search engine marketing. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Executive Commentary 
 
 This executive commentary is intended to provide investors with a view of our business through the eyes of our management. As an executive commentary, it necessarily focuses on selected aspects of our business. This executive commentary is intended as a supplement to, but not a substitute for, the more detailed discussion of our business included elsewhere herein. Investors are cautioned to read our entire "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," our interim and audited financial statements, and the discussion of our business and risk factors and other information included elsewhere or incorporated in this report. This executive commentary includes forward-looking statements, and investors are cautioned to read "Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." 
 
 Revenue decreased 16.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. This decrease was primarily due to a 19 decrease in orders delivered. The decrease was partially offset by a 3 increase in average order value. The decrease in orders delivered was driven by a decline in website visits and conversion pressure influenced in part by a shift in consumer spending preferences and macroeconomic factors impacting consumer sentiment. The increase in average order value was largely driven by orders mixing into categories with higher average unit retail price. 
 
 Gross profit decreased 20.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in revenue. Gross margin decreased to 21.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 22.2 for the same period in 2023, primarily driven by product mix related costs, including net return expenses. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses as a percent of revenue increased from 15.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 16.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to increased performance marketing expense and brand advertising. 
 
 Technology expenses totaled 27.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a 1.6 million decrease compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a reduction in staff-related expenses. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 6.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a reduction in third-party and staff-related expenses. 
 
 Customer service and merchant fees decreased 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased order volume, partially offset by increased outsourced labor. 
 
 Our consolidated cash and cash equivalents balance decreased from 302.6 million as of December 31, 2023, to 140.4 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Additional commentary related to macroeconomic trends 
 
 We continue to monitor recent macroeconomic trends and geopolitical events, including, without limitation, the upcoming U.S. presidential election, higher interest rates, and inflation. These events have and may continue to negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which have and may continue to adversely affect our business and our results of operations. Due to the uncertain and constantly evolving nature and volatility of these trends and events, we cannot currently predict their long-term impact on our operations and financial results. As of September 30, 2024, the challenges arising from these events have not adversely affected our liquidity or capacity to service our debt, nor have these conditions required us to reduce our capital expenditures. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparisons of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023, and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net revenue, cost of goods sold, gross profit and gross margin 
 
 The following table summarizes our net revenue, cost of goods sold, and gross profit (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenue 311,428 373,313 1,091,813 1,176,664 Cost of goods sold (1) 
 Product costs and other cost of goods sold 245,453 290,410 871,311 884,508 Gross profit (1) 
 65,975 82,903 220,502 292,156 Year-over-year percentage change Net revenue (16.6) (7.2) Gross profit (1) 
 (20.4) (24.5) Percent of net revenue Cost of goods sold (1) 
 Product costs and other cost of goods sold 78.8 77.8 79.8 75.2 Gross margin (1) 21.2 22.2 20.2 24.8 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (1) In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we changed our presentation for merchant fees associated with customer payments made by credit cards and other payment methods and customer service costs. Under the new presentation, we include such expenses in a separate line in operating expenses labeled, "Customer service and merchant fees," whereas previously, these expenses were included in "Merchant fees, customer service, and other" as a component of Cost of goods sold. All periods presented have been adjusted to reflect this change in presentation. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1, Part I, Financial Statements (Unaudited) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 The 16.6 decrease in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to a 19 decrease in orders delivered. The decrease was partially offset by a 3 increase in average order value. The decrease in orders delivered was driven by a decline in website visits and conversion pressure influenced in part by a shift in consumer spending preferences and macroeconomic factors impacting consumer sentiment. The increase in average order value was largely driven by orders mixing into categories with higher average unit retail price. 
 
 The 7.2 decrease in net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to an 11 decrease in average order value. The decrease was partially offset by a 4 increase in orders delivered. The decrease in average order value was largely driven by orders mixing into categories with lower average unit retail price. The increase in orders delivered was driven by growth in active customers, partially offset by macroeconomic factors impacting consumer sentiment and a shift in consumer spending preferences. 
 
 International net revenues were less than 4 of total net revenues for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Change in estimate of average transit times (days) 
 
 Our revenue related to merchandise sales is recognized upon delivery to our customers. As we ship high volumes of packages through multiple carriers, it is not practical for us to track the actual delivery date of each shipment. Therefore, we use estimates to determine which shipments are delivered and, therefore, recognized as revenue at the end of the period. Our delivery date estimates are based on average shipping transit times. We review and update our estimates on a quarterly basis based on our actual transit time experience. However, actual shipping times may differ from our estimates, which can be further impacted by uncertainty, volatility, and any disruption to our carriers caused by certain macroeconomic conditions, such as supply chain challenges, inflation, rising interest rates, climate and weather events, or geopolitical events. 
 
 The following table shows the effect that hypothetical changes in the estimate of average shipping transit times would have had on the reported amount of revenue and income before income taxes (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Change in the Estimate of Average Transit Times (Days) Increase (Decrease) Revenue Increase (Decrease) Income Before Income Taxes 2 (6,551) (948) 1 (2,808) (406) As reported As reported As reported -1 2,579 373 -2 5,980 865 
 
 Gross profit and gross margin 
 
 Our overall gross margins fluctuate based on factors such as competitive pricing; product costs; discounting; product mix of sales; advertising revenue and our marketing allowance program; and operational and fulfillment costs which include costs incurred to operate and staff our warehouses, including rent and depreciation expense associated with these facilities, costs to receive, inspect, pick, and prepare customer order for delivery, and direct and indirect labor costs including payroll, payroll-related benefits, and stock-based compensation, all of which we include as costs in calculating gross margin. 
 
 Gross margins for the past seven quarterly periods and fiscal year ending 2023 were: 
 Q1 2023 Q2 2023 Q3 2023 Q4 2023 FY 2023 Q1 2024 Q2 2024 Q3 2024 Gross margin (1) 26.7 25.5 22.2 19.2 23.4 19.5 20.1 21.2 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (1) In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we changed our presentation for merchant fees associated with customer payments made by credit cards and other payment methods and customer service costs. Under the new presentation, we include such expenses in a separate line in operating expenses labeled, "Customer service and merchant fees," whereas previously, these expenses were included in "Merchant fees, customer service, and other" as a component of Cost of goods sold. All periods presented have been adjusted to reflect this change in presentation. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1, Part I, Financial Statements (Unaudited) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 20.4 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in revenue. Gross margin decreased to 21.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 22.2 for the same period in 2023, primarily driven by product mix related costs, including net return expenses. 
 
 Gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 24.5 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in gross margin. Gross margin decreased to 20.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 24.8 for the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased promotional discounting and carrier costs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Operating expenses 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 
 We use a variety of online advertising channels to attract new and repeat customers, including search engine marketing, personalized emails, mobile app, loyalty program, affiliate marketing, display banners, and social media. We also build our brand awareness through linear and streaming TV advertising. 
 
 Costs associated with our discounted shipping and other promotions, such as coupons, are not included in sales and marketing expenses. Rather, they are accounted for as a reduction in revenue as they reduce the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for goods or services and therefore affect net revenues and gross margin. We consider these promotions to be an effective marketing tool. 
 
 The following table summarizes our sales and marketing expenses (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales and marketing expenses 51,859 57,541 186,055 153,831 Advertising expense included in sales and marketing expenses 49,087 54,961 177,630 146,650 Year-over-year percentage change Sales and marketing expenses (9.9) 20.9 Advertising expense included in sales and marketing expenses (10.7) 21.1 Percent of net revenue Sales and marketing expenses 16.7 15.4 17.0 13.1 Advertising expense included in sales and marketing expenses 15.8 14.7 16.3 12.5 
 
 The 130 basis point increase in sales and marketing expenses as a percent of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to increased performance marketing expense and brand advertising. 
 
 The 390 basis point increase in sales and marketing expenses as a percent of net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to increased performance marketing expense and increased brand advertising. 
 
 Technology expenses 
 
 We seek to deploy our capital resources efficiently in technology to support operations, including private and public cloud, web services, customer support solutions, and product search. We aim to enhance the customer experience by investing in technology, including investing in machine learning algorithms and generative AI, improving our process automation and efficiency, modernizing and expanding our systems, and supporting and expanding our logistics infrastructure. We expect to continue to incur technology expenses to support these efforts and these expenditures may continue to be material. 
 
 The frequency and variety of cyberattacks on our websites, enterprise systems, services, and on third parties we use to support our technology continues to increase. The impact of such attacks, their costs, and the costs we incur to protect ourselves against future attacks, have not been material to date. However, we consider the risk introduced by cyberattacks to be serious and will continue to incur costs related to efforts to protect ourselves against them. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our technology expenses (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Technology expenses 27,673 29,240 84,596 87,492 Year-over-year percentage change Technology expenses (5.4) (3.3) Technology expenses as a percent of net revenue 8.9 7.8 7.7 7.4 
 
 The 1.6 million decrease in technology expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to a reduction in staff-related expenses. 
 
 The 2.9 million decrease in technology expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to a reduction in staff-related expenses. 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our general and administrative expenses (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 General and administrative expenses 17,571 24,109 56,556 66,265 Year-over-year percentage change General and administrative expenses (27.1) (14.7) General and administrative expenses as a percent of net revenue 5.6 6.5 5.2 5.6 
 
 The 6.5 million decrease in general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to a reduction in third-party and staff-related expenses. 
 
 The 9.7 million decrease in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to a reduction in staff-related and third-party expenses. 
 
 Customer service and merchant fees 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we changed our presentation for merchant fees associated with customer payments made by credit cards and other payment methods and customer service costs. Under the new presentation, we include such expenses in a separate line in operating expenses labeled, "Customer service and merchant fees," whereas previously, these expenses were included in Cost of goods sold. All periods presented have been adjusted to reflect this change in presentation. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1, Part I, Financial Statements (Unaudited) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Customer service and merchant fees include customer service costs and merchant processing fees associated with customer payments made by credit cards and other payment methods and other variable fees. Customer service and merchant fees as a percent of net revenue may vary due to several factors, such as our ability to effectively manage customer service costs and merchant fees. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our customer service and merchant fees (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Customer service and merchant fees 12,425 12,943 41,374 38,111 Year-over-year percentage change Customer service and merchant fees (4.0) 8.6 Customer service and merchant fees as a percent of net revenue 4.0 3.5 3.8 3.2 
 
 The 0.5 million decrease in customer service and merchant fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to decreased order volume, partially offset by increased outsourced labor. 
 
 The 3.3 million increase in customer service and merchant fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to increased outsourced labor as a result of increased order volume and increased credit card costs driven by a shift in payment mix and increased order volume. 
 
 Other expense, net 
 
 The 19.9 million decrease in other expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to a 21.9 million decrease in loss recognized from our equity method securities. 
 
 The 91.4 million decrease in other expense, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to a 83.6 million decrease in loss recognized from our equity method securities and a 10.3 million gain on the sale of intangible assets related to the Wamsutta brand, which was acquired as part of our purchase of the Bed Bath Beyond brand in June 2023. 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 Our income tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate adjusted for discrete items, if any, for relevant interim periods. We update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate each quarter and make cumulative adjustments if our estimated annual effective tax rate changes. 
 
 Our quarterly tax provision and our quarterly estimate of our annual effective tax rate are subject to significant variations due to several factors including: variability in predicting our pre-tax and taxable income, the mix of jurisdictions to which those items relate, relative changes in expenses or losses for which tax benefits are limited or not recognized, how we do business, fluctuations in our stock price, economic outlook, political climate, and other conditions such as supply chain challenges, inflation, rising interest rates, and geopolitical events. In addition, changes in laws, regulations, and administrative practices will impact our rate. Our effective tax rate can be volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income. For example, the impact of discrete items on our effective tax rate is greater when pre-tax income is lower. 
 
 Our provision (benefit) for income tax for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 189,000 and (13.4) million, respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was (0.3) and 17.5 , respectively. Our provision (benefit) for income tax for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 635,000 and (24.7) million, respectively. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was (0.4) and 14.4 , respectively. Our tax provision and rate changed during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, and differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 primarily due to year-to-date losses on our retail operations for which tax benefits are limited. 
 
 Each quarter we assess on a jurisdictional basis whether it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized under ASC Topic 740. We have no carryback ability, and therefore we must rely on future taxable income, including tax planning strategies and future reversals of taxable temporary differences, to recover our deferred tax assets. We assess available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether we will generate sufficient future taxable income to use our existing deferred tax assets. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated as of September 30, 2024, is the cumulative loss position over a three-year period generated by our U.S. retail operations. On the basis of this evaluation, we 
 30 

Table of Contents 

maintain a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets for the U.S. jurisdiction, not supported by reversals of taxable temporary differences. We intend to continue maintaining a valuation allowance on our net U.S. deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable could be adjusted if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth. We will continue to monitor the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. 
 
 The OECD has issued Pillar Two model rules introducing a new global minimum tax of 15 intended to be effective on January 1, 2024. While the U.S. has not yet adopted the Pillar Two rules, various other governments around the world have enacted such legislation. As currently designed, we expect Pillar Two will ultimately apply to us. Considering we do not currently have material operations in jurisdictions with tax rates lower than the Pillar Two minimum, we do not expect these to materially increase our global tax costs based on how we currently do business. There remains uncertainty as to the final Pillar Two model rules and their application. We will continue to monitor U.S. and global legislative action related to Pillar Two for potential impacts. 
 
 As we repatriate foreign earnings for use in the United States, the distributions are generally exempt from federal and foreign income taxes but may be subject to certain state taxes. As of September 30, 2024, the cumulative amount of foreign earnings considered permanently reinvested upon which taxes have not been provided, and the corresponding unrecognized deferred tax liability, was not material. 
 
 We are subject to taxation in the United States and multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. Tax years beginning in 2019 are subject to examination by taxing authorities, although net operating loss and credit carryforwards from all years are subject to examinations and adjustments for at least three years following the year in which the attributes are used. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents currently on hand and expected cash flows from future operations will be sufficient to continue operations for at least the next twelve months. We continue to monitor, evaluate, and manage our operating plans, forecasts, and liquidity considering the most recent developments driven by macroeconomic conditions, such as supply chain challenges, inflation, rising interest rates, and geopolitical events. We proactively seek opportunities to improve the efficiency of our operations and have in the past and may in the future take steps to realize internal cost savings, including aligning our staffing needs, creating a more variable cost structure to better support our current and expected future levels of operations and process streamlining. 
 
 We periodically evaluate opportunities to repurchase our equity securities, obtain credit facilities, or issue additional debt or equity securities, which may impact our future operations and liquidity. In addition, we may, from time to time, consider the investment in, or acquisition of, complementary businesses, products, services, or technologies to expand our business, any of which might affect our liquidity requirements or cause us to issue additional debt or equity securities that would be dilutive to shareholders. 
 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our growth, our ability to execute on our business strategy, our ability to realize the benefits of any investment in new business strategies, acquisitions, or other transactions, and consumer sentiment towards our offerings. In the event that additional liquidity is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise the capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Current sources of liquidity 
 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are existing cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable, net. At September 30, 2024, we had 140.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and 15.0 million of accounts receivable, net. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

We entered into a Sales Agreement dated June 10, 2024 with JonesTrading, under which we may conduct "at the market" public offerings of our common stock. Under the Sales Agreement, JonesTrading, acting as our sales agent or principal, may offer our common stock in the market on a daily basis or otherwise as we request from time to time. At September 30, 2024, we had 200.0 million available under our "at the market" sales program. 
 
 Cash flow information is as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (152,625) 9,131 Investing activities (6,546) (51,759) Financing activities (2,081) (3,356) 
 
 Operating activities 
 
 Cash received from customers generally corresponds to our net revenues as our customers primarily use credit cards to buy from us, causing our receivables from these sales transactions to settle quickly. We have payment terms with our partners that generally extend beyond the amount of time necessary to collect proceeds from our customers. 
 
 The 152.6 million of net cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to loss from operating activities adjusted for non-cash items of 111.7 million and cash used by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 41.0 million. 
 
 The 9.1 million of net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to loss from operating activities adjusted for non-cash items of 8.9 million offset by cash provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 18.0 million. 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, investing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of 6.5 million, primarily due to 11.3 million of expenditures for property and equipment and 6.0 million for purchases of intangible assets, offset by 10.3 million of proceeds received from the sale of intangible assets. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, investing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of 51.8 million, primarily due to 25.8 million for purchases of intangible assets, 10.0 million for disbursement of notes receivable and 16.5 million of expenditures for property and equipment. 
 
 Financing activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, financing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of 2.1 million, primarily due to 3.3 million for payment of taxes withheld upon vesting of employee stock awards. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, financing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of 3.4 million, primarily due to 2.6 million for payment of taxes withheld upon vesting of employee stock awards. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024 and the effect such obligations and commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in thousands): 
 Contractual Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Operating leases (1) 2,268 1,873 395 Loan agreements (2) 42,660 1,484 2,968 2,972 35,236 Total contractual cash obligations 44,928 3,357 3,363 2,972 35,236 
 __________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents the future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases. For information regarding our operating lease obligations, see Note 9 Leases, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1, Part I, Financial Statements (Unaudited) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 (2) Represents future interest and principal payments on the financing agreements with Loan Core Capital Funding Corporation LLC. For information regarding our financing agreements, see Note 8 Borrowings, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1, Part I, Financial Statements (Unaudited) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Tax contingencies 
 
 We are involved in various tax matters, the outcomes of which are uncertain. As of September 30, 2024, accrued tax contingencies were 3.8 million. Changes in federal, foreign, state, and local tax laws may increase our tax contingencies. The timing of the resolution of income tax contingencies is highly uncertain, and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ from the amounts accrued. It is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months we will receive additional assessments by various tax authorities. These assessments may or may not result in changes to our contingencies related to positions on prior years' tax filings. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of our financial statements requires that we make estimates and judgments. We base these on historical experience and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. Except as disclosed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1, Part I, Financial Statements (Unaudited) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, included in Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 2 Accounting Policies and Supplemental Disclosures, included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risk from interest rate changes, foreign currency fluctuations, and changes in the market values of our securities. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is set forth below. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents (highly liquid instruments with a remaining maturity of 90 days or less at the date of purchase) would not be significantly affected by either an increase or decrease in interest rates due mainly to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 Our Senior Note carries a fixed annual interest rate of 4.242 . As a result, we have no material direct financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 Most of our sales and operating expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore, our net revenue and operating expenses are not currently subject to significant foreign currency risk. As we grow our operations, our exposure to foreign currency risk could become more significant. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 Increases in commodity and shipping prices and energy and labor costs have resulted in inflationary pressures across various parts of our business and operations, including our partners and supply chain. We continue to monitor the impact of inflation to minimize its effects on our customers. We work with our partners to limit the amount of cost increases that are passed on through higher pricing. If costs borne by the Company or our partners were to be subject to incremental inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through pricing actions or other cost efficiency measures. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our historical results of operations and financial condition have been immaterial. We cannot assure you, however, that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. 
 
 Investment Risk 
 
 The fair values of our equity and debt securities may be subject to fluctuations due to volatility of the stock market in general, investment-specific circumstances, and changes in general economic conditions. At September 30, 2024, our recorded value in equity securities of private companies was 112.5 million. At September 30, 2024, 21.5 million of our equity securities and 10.9 million of our debt securities are of private companies, recorded at fair value using Level 3 inputs. Our fair value assessment of private companies includes a review of recent operating results and trends, recent sales/acquisitions of the securities, and other publicly available data. Valuations of private companies are inherently more complex due to the lack of readily available market data. As such, we believe that providing a sensitivity analysis is not practicable. These investments valued using Level 3 inputs represent 41.1 of assets measured at fair value. See Note 3 Fair Value Measurement for further information. For our equity interest in Medici Ventures, L.P., we record our proportionate share of the entity's reported net income or loss, which reflects the fair value changes of the underlying investments of the entity and any other income or losses of the entity. 

34 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Limitations on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in, or become subject to litigation or other legal proceedings concerning consumer protection, employment, privacy, intellectual property, claims under the securities laws, and other commercial matters related to the conduct and operation of our business and the sale of products on our websites. We also prosecute lawsuits to enforce our legal rights. In connection with such litigation or other legal proceedings, we have been in the past and we may be in the future subject to significant damages, associated costs, or equitable remedies relating to the operation of our business. Such litigation could be costly and time consuming and could divert or distract our management and key personnel from our business operations. Due to the uncertainty of litigation and depending on the amount and the timing, an unfavorable resolution of some or all of such matters could materially affect our business, results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. For additional details, see the information set forth under Item I of Part I, Financial Statements (Unaudited) Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies, subheading Legal Proceedings and Contingencies, contained in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated by reference in answer to this Item. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Any investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Please consider the following risk factors and the risk factors previously disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 carefully. If any one or more of such risks were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and the market price of our securities could decrease significantly. Statements to the effect that an event could or would harm our business (or have an adverse effect on our business or similar statements) mean that the event could or would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn could or would have a material adverse effect on the market price of our securities. Many of the risks we face involve more than one type of risk. Consequently, you should carefully read all of the risk factors below, the risk factors described in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in any reports we file with the SEC after we file this Form 10-Q, before making any decision to acquire or hold our securities. 
 
 Other than the risk factors set forth below, there are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Our business depends on the Internet, our infrastructure and transaction-processing systems. 
 
 We are completely dependent on our infrastructure and on the availability, reliability and security of the Internet and related systems. Although we have migrated and continue to migrate some of our computer systems and operations to the public cloud, a substantial majority of our computer and communications infrastructure is running in our private cloud on hardware that is located at a single Beyond owned and operated facility, which we have agreed to sell pursuant to an agreement that is scheduled to close on or before November 30, 2024. As part of the agreement, we have agreed with the purchaser to negotiate a lease agreement that would allow us to continue to occupy and use the data center. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks, acts of war, break-ins, earthquake and similar events. Our back-up facility by itself is not adequate to support fulfillment of sales orders. Our servers and applications are vulnerable to malware, physical or electronic break-ins, internal sabotage, and other disruptions, the occurrence of any of which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data or the inability to accept and fulfill customer orders. Any internal or critical third-party system interruption that results in the unavailability of our websites or our mobile app or reduced performance of our transaction systems could interrupt or substantially reduce our ability to conduct our business. We have experienced periodic systems interruptions due to server failure, application failure, power failure and intentional cyberattacks in the past, and may experience additional interruptions or failures in the future. Any failure or impairment of our infrastructure or of the availability of the Internet or related systems caused by any source, including the transfer of our hardware to another location or the housing or maintenance of our hardware by a third party (including the purchaser of the facility where it is now located), could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, business and prospects. In addition, the occurrence of any event that would adversely affect ecommerce or discourage or prevent consumers from shopping online or via mobile apps could significantly decrease the volume of our sales. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

We have an evolving business model, which increases the complexity of our business. 
 
 We are modifying and expanding the types of products and services offered for sale on our websites, may further expand offerings in the future, and we do not know whether any of our modifications or expansions will be successful. From time to time, we have also modified aspects of our business model relating to our product mix and the mix of direct versus partner sourcing of the products offered for sale. Products purchased for direct sale come with additional risks and uncertainties, including costs to maintain inventory, risk of loss from theft or otherwise, and risks associated with the marketing and labeling of products. In addition, we continue to experiment with new technologies to enhance the customer experience and iterate on delivery of new features. The additions and modifications to our business have increased the complexity of our business and impacted, and may in the future materially impact, our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal control and reporting functions. Further, our efforts to right-size our cost structure and create a more flexible technology stack may result in the introduction of technologies that are less mature or stable, which could cause problems in our website or back-end logistics systems or compliance efforts. Further, any new business, products or services, technology, or website we launch that is not favorably received by consumers could damage our reputation or our brand. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, business, prospects, and the trading prices of our securities. 
 
 Investment in new business strategies, acquisitions, or other transactions could disrupt our ongoing business, present risks not originally contemplated and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies, acquisitions, or other transactions. We intend for these initiatives to drive efficiencies and improve margins. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses, new claims or litigation, economic, political, legal and regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses, regions or countries, inadequate return on capital, potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets, and significant write-offs. Investment and acquisition transactions are exposed to additional risks, including the imposition of onerous conditions that could delay or prevent us from completing a transaction or otherwise limit our ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. In addition, any new investments or acquisitions may require us to raise additional capital, including debt or equity securities. These transactions may impose additional restrictions on our ability to operate and/or may be dilutive to you. In the event that additional liquidity is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise the capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 These new ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, or if they are inadequate or ineffective, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits, improvements may be delayed, not sustained or not realized, and our business, operations and competitive position could be adversely affected. 
 
 The changing job market, the changes in our leadership team, the change in our compensation approach, the loss of key personnel, the changing job structure, or any inability to attract, retain and engage key personnel could affect our ability to successfully grow our business. 
 
 Our performance is substantially dependent on the continued service and performance of our senior management, our board of directors, and other key personnel. In 2024, we underwent significant changes to our executive management team and board of directors, structural changes to our organization, and changes to our workforce with reductions in force. Additionally, in 2023, we adjusted our approach to equity compensation provided to our executives from a time-based approach to a performance-based approach. Uncertainties, including any substantial changes in leadership, our organization, our workforce, or any negative impacts associated with performance-based compensation, may cause employees to seek other opportunities or impair our ability to recruit new employees. With more businesses allowing employees to work remotely, we are forced to compete with businesses in other locations and states to attract and retain key employees. Currently, most of our local workforce works a hybrid schedule, where they work onsite three days each week and perform the remaining workdays in that week remotely. We have entered into an agreement to sell our corporate headquarters which is scheduled to close on or before November 30, 2024, which if completed, could impact our hybrid schedule. The changes in leadership, structural changes to our organization, reductions in force , changed approach to performance-based compensation, and uncertainty of the future job structure could create consequences such as a lack of productivity, a lack of engagement, employee dissatisfaction, and employee fatigue and could result in key employees finding other employers more attractive than working for our Company. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The loss of, or the inability to retain or engage the services of key employees for any reason, could harm our business. Our future success depends on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train, engage, retain, and motivate highly-skilled personnel. Our failure to attract, retain, and engage the personnel necessary to successfully operate our business could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, business and prospects. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Recent Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 See Note 12 Stockholders' Equity, in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1, Part I, Financial Statements (Unaudited) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding our authorized share repurchase program. There were no repurchases made during the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the stock repurchase program is 69.9 million. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 (a) Disclosure in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 None. 
 
 (b) Material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the board of directors 
 
 None. 
 
 (c) Insider trading arrangements and policies. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 (a) Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 12, 2023, by and among Overstock.com, Inc., Bed Bath Beyond Inc. and certain subsidiaries of Bed Bath Beyond Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2023 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2014 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2023 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2024 
 3.4 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2024 
 4.1 Form of Indenture, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR filed on June 10, 2024 
 10.1 Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Real Property and Escrow Instructions, dated September 16, 2024, between Peace Coliseum, LLC and Salt Lake County, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2024 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 101 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 The cover page from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 
 
 ______________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Reporting Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: October 25, 2024 BEYOND, INC. /s/ ADRIANNE B. LEE Adrianne B. Lee Chief Financial Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 byon-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, David J. Nielsen, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Beyond, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 25, 2024 s DAVID J. NIELSEN David J. Nielsen President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 byon-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Adrianne B. Lee, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Beyond, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 25, 2024 s ADRIANNE B. LEE Adrianne B. Lee Chief Financial & Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 byon-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David J. Nielsen, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Beyond, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Beyond, Inc. 
 
 Date October 25, 2024 s DAVID J. NIELSEN David J. Nielsen President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 byon-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Adrianne B. Lee, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Beyond, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Beyond, Inc. 
 
 Date October 25, 2024 s ADRIANNE B. LEE Adrianne B. Lee Chief Financial & Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 byon-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 byon-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 byon-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 byon-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 byon-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

