<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1847874_0001437749-24-034923.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9418877</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139104</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1487479</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2633609</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2549953</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2406985</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-034923.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113162212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-034923
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mobile Infrastructure Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847874
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				320777356
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40415
		FILM NUMBER:		241454652

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W. 4TH STREET
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(513) 834-5110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W. 4TH STREET
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-034923.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 minf20240930c_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

minf20240930c_10q.htm 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark one) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer 
 incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbols(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 American LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 1, 2 024, there were million sh ares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 1 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 1 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (UNAUDITED) 
 2 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (UNAUDITED) 
 3 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (UNAUDITED) 
 5 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 6 

Item 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 19 

Item 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 27 

Item 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 27 

Part II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 27 

Item 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 27 

Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 27 

Item 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 29 

Item 5 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 29 

Item 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 30 

SIGNATURES 
 30 

Table of Contents 

PART I Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 ASSETS 
 Investments in real estate 
 Land and improvements 
 Buildings and improvements 
 Construction in progress 
 Intangible assets 
 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Total investments in real estate, net 
 
 Cash 
 Cash restricted 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Note receivable 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Liabilities 
 Notes payable, net 
 Revolving credit facility, net 
 Line of credit 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Accrued preferred distributions and redemptions 
 Earn-Out Liability 
 Due to related parties 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Equity 
 Mobile Infrastructure Corporation Stockholders Equity 
 Preferred stock Series A, 0.0001 par value, 50,000 shares authorized, 2,229 and 2,812 shares issued and outstanding, with a stated liquidation value of 2,229,000 and 2,812,000 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Preferred stock Series 1, 0.0001 par value, 97,000 shares authorized, 27,426 and 36,677 shares issued and outstanding, with a stated liquidation value of 27,426,000 and 36,677,000 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Preferred stock Series 2, 0.0001 par value, 60,000 shares authorized, 46,000 issued and converted (stated liquidation value of zero as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Common stock, 0.0001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 31,724,535 and 27,858,539 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Warrants issued and outstanding 2,553,192 warrants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total Mobile Infrastructure Corporation Stockholders Equity 
 Non-controlling interest 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 1 -

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts, unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Revenues 

Managed property revenue 

Base rent income 

Percentage rental income 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses 

Property taxes 

Property operating expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative 

Preferred Series 2 - issuance expense 

Professional fees 

Organizational, offering and other costs 

Impairment 

Total expenses 

Other 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

() 

(Loss) Gain on sale of real estate 

() 

() 

Other income, net 

Change in fair value of Earn-Out liability 

Total other expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred stock distributions declared - Series A 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred stock distributions declared - Series 1 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred stock distributions declared - Series 2 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Basic and diluted loss per weighted average common share: 

Net loss per share attributable to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation s common stockholders - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 2 -

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 FOR THE THREE and NINE months ended SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (In thousands, except share amounts, unaudited) 

Preferred stock Common stock 
 Number of Shares Par Value Number of Shares Par Value Warrants Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Non-controlling interest Total 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 
 Equity-based payments 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest holders 
 Declared distributions Series A 14.38 per share) 
 Declared distributions Series 1 13.75 per share) 
 Conversions - Series 1 
 Conversions - Series A 
 Allocation of equity to non-controlling interest 
 Net loss 
 Balance, March 31, 2024 
 
 Equity-based payments 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest holders 
 Declared distributions Series A 14.38 per share) 
 Declared distributions Series 1 13.75 per share) 
 Conversions - Series 1 
 Conversions - Series A 
 Allocation of equity to non-controlling interest 
 Net loss 
 Balance, June 30, 2024 

Equity based compensation 
 Distributions to Non-controlling Interest Holders 
 Issuance of common stock 
 Repurchase of common stock 
 Redemptions - Series 1 
 Declared distributions Series A 14.38 per share) 
 Declared distributions Series 1 13.75 per share) 
 Conversions - Series 1 
 Conversions - Series A 
 Allocation of equity to non-controlling interest 336,756 
 Net loss 
 Balance, September 30, 2024 

- 3 -

Table of Contents 

Preferred stock Common stock 
 Number of Shares Par Value Number of Shares Par Value Warrants Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Non-controlling interest Total 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 (as previously reported) 
 Retroactive application of the recapitalization 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 (as adjusted) 
 
 Equity-based payments 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest holders 
 Declared distributions Series A 18.75 per share) 
 Declared distributions Series 1 17.50 per share) 
 Net loss 
 Balance, March 31, 2023 
 
 Equity-based payments 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest holders 
 Declared distributions Series A 18.75 per share) 
 Declared distributions Series 1 17.50 per share) 
 Net loss 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 
 
 Equity Based Payments 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest holders 
 Declared distributions Series A 16.77 per share) 
 Declared distributions Series 1 16.13 per share) 
 Declared distributions - Series 2 0.1 shares per share) 
 Reverse Recapitalization, net of issuance costs 
 Net loss 
 Balance, September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 4 -

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands, unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net loss 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Amortization of loan costs 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Gain on settlement of liability 
 Loss on interest rate cap 
 Loss (gain) on sale of real estate 
 Equity based payment 
 Impairment 
 Issuance of Preferred Series 2 Stock 
 Change in fair value of Earn-Out liability 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
 Due to/from related parties 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Indemnification liability 
 Other assets 
 Deferred offering costs 
 Accounts receivable 
 Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Capital expenditures 
 Capitalized technology 
 Proceeds on sale of investment in real estate 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from Line of Credit 
 Payments on notes payable 
 Payments on Revolving Credit Facility 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 Proceeds from reverse recap, net of payment of equity issuance costs 
 Payment of transaction costs for reverse recapitalization 
 Payment on interest rate cap 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest holders 
 Loan fees 
 Share repurchase plan 
 Shares repurchased for vesting of employee awards 
 Preferred redemption payments 
 Preferred dividend payments 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash: 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 Restricted cash at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 Restricted cash at end of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 
 Interest Paid 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Distributions declared not yet paid 
 Accrued preferred distributions paid in common stock 
 Right of use asset and lease liability 
 Note receivable related to disposition of property 
 Requested preferred redemptions not yet paid 
 Common stock issued as loan fees 
 Equity shares issued in exchange for accrued compensation 
 Series 2 Preferred Stock dividend paid-in-kind 
 Accrued capital expenditures 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

- 5 -

Table of Contents 

MOBILE INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (UNAUDITED) 

parking facilities in 20 separate markets throughout the United States, with a total of approximately parking spaces and approximately million square feet. We also own approximately million square feet of retail/commercial space adjacent to our parking facilities. 
 
 FWAC was a blank check, Cayman Islands exempted company, incorporated on February 19, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more business entities. 
 
 On August 25, 2023 the Closing Date ), we consummated the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger ), as amended by the First Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among FWAC, Queen Merger Corp. I, a Maryland corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of FWAC, and Legacy MIC. As part of the Merger, FWAC was converted to a Maryland corporation and changed its name to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 -Q to MIC, we, us, our, and the Company refer to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the closing of the Merger and to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation (f/k/a Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III) and its consolidated subsidiaries following the closing of the Merger, as the context requires. References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 -Q to Legacy MIC refer to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the closing of the Merger. References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 -Q to FWAC refer to Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), converted from a Maryland limited partnership to a Delaware limited liability company, Mobile Infra Operating Company, LLC (following the conversion, the Operating Company ). In connection with the conversion, each outstanding unit of partnership interest of the Operating Partnership was converted automatically, on a one -for- one basis, into an equal number of identical membership units of the Operating Company. The Company is a member of the Operating Company and owns substantially all of its assets and conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Company. The Operating Company is managed by a board of directors, one appointed by the Company and one appointed by the other members of the Operating Company. Currently, the two directors of the Operating Company are Manuel Chavez, III, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, and Stephanie Hogue, our President and a director. The Company owns approximately of the Common Units of the Operating Company. The remaining Common Units are held by certain of our executive officers and directors (directly or indirectly) and outside investors. 
 
 The Company is publicly traded on the NYSE American under the ticker BEEP. As a result of the Merger: 
 
 Each then issued and outstanding Class A Share and Class B Share of FWAC was converted, on a one -for- basis, into share of the Company's common stock; 
 Each then issued and outstanding share of Legacy MIC common stock was converted into shares of the Company's common stock; 
 Each share of Legacy MIC Series Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Legacy MIC Series 1 Preferred Stock and Legacy MIC Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Legacy MIC Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was converted into share of Series 1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, as applicable; and 
 The outstanding common stock warrant of Legacy MIC to purchase shares of Legacy MIC common stock at an exercise price of per share became a warrant to purchase shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share. 

Additionally, on June 15, 2023, HSCP Strategic III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership HS3 ), Harvest Small Cap Partners, L.P. and Harvest Small Cap Partners Master, Ltd., entities controlled by Mr. Osher, and Bombe-MIC Pref, LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Chavez and of which Ms. Hogue is a member, (collectively, the Preferred PIPE Investors ), each entered into a Preferred Subscription Agreement with FWAC pursuant to which, among other things, the Preferred PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and FWAC agreed to issue and sell to the Preferred PIPE Investors, a total of shares of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, par value per share (the Series 2 Preferred Stock ), at per share for an aggregate purchase price of million (the Preferred PIPE Financing ). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Preferred Subscription Agreement, on December 31, 2023, the Series 2 Preferred Stock converted into shares of our common stock, inclusive of shares of our common stock issued as dividends to the Preferred PIPE Investors. 
 
 Accounting Treatment of the Merger and Retroactive Equity Application 
 
 Legacy MIC determined that it was the accounting acquirer in the Merger based on an analysis of the criteria outlined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations. The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). The identification of Legacy MIC as the accounting acquirer was based primarily on evaluation of the following facts and circumstances: 
 
 The business affairs of the Company are controlled by the Board consisting of eight individuals, seven of whom were board members of Legacy MIC and one designated by FWAC (the Board has subsequently reduced to seven individuals); 
 
 The management of the Company is led by Legacy MIC s Chief Executive Officer, Manuel Chavez, III, and President, Stephanie Hogue; and 
 
 Legacy MIC was significantly larger than FWAC in terms of revenue, total assets (excluding cash) and employees. 

Under this method of accounting, FWAC was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, the Merger was treated as the equivalent of Legacy MIC issuing stock for the net assets of FWAC, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of FWAC were stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Merger are those of Legacy MIC. 
 
 In accordance with guidance applicable to these circumstances, the equity structure has been retroactively recast in all comparative periods up to the Closing Date, to reflect the equivalent number of shares of our common stock based on the exchange ratio of established in the Merger. 

million of debt due within twelve months of the date of the issuance of the Quarterly Report which is comprised of million related to the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein), million related to the Line of Credit (as defined herein) and million of notes payable. We do not currently have sufficient cash on hand, liquidity or projected future cash flows to repay these outstanding amounts and interest due upon maturity. These conditions and events raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We are currently analyzing financial and strategic alternatives in order to satisfy these debt maturities. While there can be no assurance that we will satisfy the debt prior to or at maturity, management has determined it is probable that it will be able to address the notes payable maturities by refinancing the notes payable and/or selling the real estate investments and utilizing the sales proceeds to satisfy the related notes payable. 
 
 With respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, we are evaluating several refinancing options supported by current term sheets received from multiple lenders. We expect to execute on available options in 2024. We are also evaluating refinancing options for the Line of Credit and expect to refinance prior to maturity. However, the finalization of the refinancing under these options are not fully within our control and therefore cannot be deemed probable and thus our plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

and of our revenue, excluding commercial revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Revenue from locations where LAZ Parking ("LAZ") acts as either a lease tenant or an operator agent represented and of our revenue, excluding commercial revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 In addition, we had concentrations in Cincinnati and ), Detroit and ), and Chicago and based on gross book value of real estate as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 We had concentrations of our outstanding accounts receivable balance with Metropolis of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively and with LAZ of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the majority of these receivable balances represent cash paid by parkers that was collected on our behalf by these operators. 

million as of September 30, 2024 and immaterial as of December 31, 2023. 

FWAC Class A Shares, representing of FWAC s Class A Shares, exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash for an aggregate redemption amount of 279,018,123; 
 
 Fifth Wall Acquisition Sponsor III LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor ), forfeited FWAC Class B Shares held by the Sponsor immediately prior to the Closing for no consideration; 
 
 shares of Series 2 Preferred Stock were issued at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of 46,000,000; 
 Each then issued and outstanding Class A Share and Class B Share of FWAC was converted, on a one -for- basis, into share of the Company s common stock; 
 Each then issued and outstanding share of Legacy MIC common stock was converted into shares of the Company s common stock; 
 Each share of Legacy MIC Series 1 Preferred Stock and Legacy MIC Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was converted into share of Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable; 
 The outstanding common stock warrant of Legacy MIC to purchase shares of Legacy MIC common stock at an exercise price of per share became a warrant to purchase shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share; and 
 In connection with the conversion of the Operating Partnership into the Operating Company, each outstanding unit of partnership interest of the Operating Partnership converted automatically, on a one -for- one basis, into an equal number of identical membership units of the Operating Company. 

Following the completion of the Merger, the Company had the following outstanding securities: 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock; 
 
 shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock; 
 
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock; 
 shares of Series 2 Preferred Stock; and 
 a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. 

Following the completion of the Merger and after giving effect to the cashless conversion of Class A Units into Common Units by HS3 on August 29, 2023, the Operating Company had the following outstanding securities: 
 
 Common Units outstanding, of which are owned by the Company, representing approximately of the outstanding Common Units; 
 
 Performance Units; and 
 
 LTIP Units. 

The following table reconciles the elements of the Merger to the consolidated statements of cash flows and the consolidated statement of changes in stockholder's equity/(deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 

Common stock issued in exchange for FWAC Class A and B 
 Less: Fair value of Earn-Out Shares issued 
 Less: Equity-allocated offering costs 
 Impact to Additional-Paid in Capital 
 Less: Non-cash Preferred Series 2 issuance expense 
 Earn-Out liability recognized 
 Less: Series 2 Preferred Stock dividend paid-in-kind recognized (4,600 
 Net cash proceeds 

FWAC Class B Shares that converted to the Company s common stock are subject to an earn-out structure (the Earn-Out Shares under terms outlined in the Second Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement. The Earn-Out Shares vest if certain milestones related to share price are achieved as further described in Footnote M. Because the shares have voting rights but have contingent vesting conditions, we consider the shares to be issued but not outstanding. The estimated fair value of the Earn-Out Shares was recorded as approximately million as of the Closing Date and is presented as Earn-Out Liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We will estimate the fair value of this liability at each reporting date during the contingency period and record any changes to our Consolidated Statement of Operations. See Footnote M for additional fair value discussion. We allocated million of offering costs to the Earn-Out Shares, which was recorded as part of Organization, Offering, and Other Costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 As part of accounting for the reverse recapitalization, we evaluated the Series 2 Preferred Stock arrangement using the guidance in ASC 820 and 480. We determined the fair value of the Series 2 Preferred Stock, including the dividends to be paid-in-kind, was million per share) at the time of the transaction. We compared the fair value to the implied conversion rate based on a total of shares of common stock being issued and million of dividends paid in kind in return for million in proceeds. As a result, the excess in fair value was treated as non-cash compensation and was recorded as Preferred Series 2 issuance expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Disaggregation of revenue 
 
 We disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers by Transient Parkers and Contract Parkers. We have concluded that such disaggregation of revenue best depicts the overall nature and timing of our revenue and cash flows affected by the economic factors of the respective contractual arrangement. 
 
 Disaggregated revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Contract Parkers 
 Ancillary Revenue (1) 
 Total Managed Property Revenue 

1 Ancillary revenue includes contracted revenue for other uses outside of parking, such as billboard revenue, and is recognized over time. 

Contract balances 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in accounts receivable and contract liabilities. Accounts receivable represent amounts where we have an unconditional right to the consideration and therefore only the passage of time is required for us to receive consideration due from the customer. Receivables may be from parking customers who have a contractual obligation to pay for their usage or from the operators of the facilities who have collected parking fees on our behalf. As of September 30, 2024, we had million of outstanding accounts receivable related to our managed property revenue. 
 
 It is our standard procedure to bill Contract Parkers in the month prior to when they will be using the facility in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms. Billing typically occurs prior to revenue recognition, resulting in contract liabilities. The majority of any contract liability will be recognized at end of the following month. Changes in deferred revenue primarily include prepayments for future parking months and recognition of previously deferred revenue. No material amounts in deferred revenue represent prepayments longer than a single month. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately million of deferred managed property revenue included in Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. There was no deferred managed property revenue as of December 31, 2023. 

million, resulting in a loss on sale of real estate of approximately million. As part of the agreement, we entered into a financing arrangement with the buyer with the property as collateral. Under the terms of the financing arrangement, the buyer will pay interest of on a million dollar note for a term of 24 months, at which time the principal amount of the loan will be due. The note is recorded as Note Receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the interest income is recorded as Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 In July 2024, we sold one parking lot in Clarksburg, West Virginia for approximately million, resulting in an immaterial loss on sale of real estate. We received proceeds of approximately million, after transaction costs, which were used to pay down a portion of the outstanding balance on the Revolving Credit Facility, as defined below. 
 
 In November 2024, we sold a parking lot located in Indianapolis, Indiana for million. We received proceeds of approximately million, after transaction costs, which were used to pay down a portion of the outstanding balance on the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 2023 
 
 In February 2023, we sold a parking lot located in Wildwood, New Jersey for million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate of approximately million. We received net proceeds of approximately million after the repayment of the outstanding mortgage loan, interest and transaction costs. 

Lease commissions 
 Indefinite lived contract 
 Acquired technology 
 Total intangible assets 

Amortization of the in-place lease value, lease commissions and acquired technology are included in Depreciation and Amortization in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amortization expense associated with intangible assets totaled a pproximately million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and approximately million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Estimated future amortization of intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 for each of the next five years is as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 

Barclays 12/6/2024 
 322 Streeter Holdco LLC American National Insurance Co. 3/1/2025 
 MVP Houston Saks Garage, LLC Barclays Bank PLC 8/6/2025 
 Minneapolis City Parking, LLC American National Insurance, of NY 5/1/2026 
 MVP Bridgeport Fairfield Garage, LLC FBL Financial Group, Inc. 8/1/2026 
 West 9th Properties II, LLC American National Insurance Co. 11/1/2026 
 MVP Fort Worth Taylor, LLC American National Insurance, of NY 12/1/2026 
 MVP Detroit Center Garage, LLC Bank of America 2/1/2027 
 MVP St. Louis Washington, LLC (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 St. Paul Holiday Garage, LLC (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 Cleveland Lincoln Garage, LLC (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 MVP Denver Sherman, LLC (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 MVP Milwaukee Arena Lot, LLC (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 MVP Denver 1935 Sherman, LLC (1) KeyBank 5/1/2027 
 MVP Louisville Broadway Station, LLC (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 MVP Whitefront Garage, LLC (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 MVP Houston Preston Lot, LLC (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 MVP Houston San Jacinto Lot, LLC (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 St. Louis Broadway, LLC (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 St. Louis Seventh Cerre, LLC (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 MVP Indianapolis Meridian Lot, LLC (2) I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/6/2027 
 St Louis Cardinal Lot DST, LLC I/O Cantor Commercial Real Estate 5/31/2027 
 MVP Preferred Parking, LLC Key Bank 8/1/2027 
 MVP Memphis Poplar KeyBank 3/1/2029 
 MVP St. Louis KeyBank 3/1/2029 
 Less unamortized loan issuance costs 

1 We issued a promissory note to KeyBank for million secured by the pool of properties. 
 
 2 We issued a promissory note to Cantor Commercial Real Estate Lending, L.P. for million secured by the pool of properties. 

2 Year Interest Only 
 10 Year Interest Only 
 I/O - Interest Only 

In February 2024 , we refinanced the note payable for MVP St. Louis 2013 and MVP Memphis Poplar with a five year, million note payable with an interest rate of . 
 
 Reserve funds are generally required for repairs and replacements, real estate taxes, and insurance premiums. Some notes contain various terms and conditions including debt service coverage ratios and debt yield limits. As of September 30, 2024 , borrowers for one of our loans totaling million, failed to meet certain loan covenants. As a result, we are subject to additional cash management procedures, which resulted in approximately million of restricted cash as of September 30, 2024 . In order to exit cash management, certain debt service coverage ratios or debt yield tests must be exceeded for two consecutive quarters to return to less restrictive cash management procedures. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , future principal payments on notes payable are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 In March 2022, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with KeyBank Capital Markets, as lead arranger, and KeyBank, National Association, as administrative agent. The Credit Agreement refinanced our then-current loan agreements for certain properties. The Credit Agreement provided for, among other things, a million revolving credit facility, originally maturing on April 1, 2023 the Revolving Credit Facility ). In November 2022, we executed an amendment to the Credit Agreement which extended the maturity of the Revolving Credit Facility to April 1, 2024, amended certain financial covenants through the new term, and added a requirement for us to use diligent efforts to pursue an equity raise or liquidity event by March 31, 2023. On the Closing Date, we entered into a second amendment to the Credit Agreement which reduced the total commitment from million to million, required us to remit million of the proceeds from the Preferred PIPE Investment to pay down outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement, removed the fixed charge coverage ratio, required a borrowing base interest coverage ratio, required us maintain at least million in unencumbered cash and cash equivalents, required contribution of certain real property as collateral, increased the debt pool yield, and established a reserve for certain cash collateral to be used for interest payments. 
 
 In March 2024, we executed the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which provided extension options through June 2025 with increased interest rate spreads above SOFR at each extension. In April 2024, we executed the first extension option, which extended the maturity through October 2024. In October 2024, we executed the second extension option which extends the maturity through April 1, 2025 with an interest rate spread above SOFR of . In September 2024, we entered into a fixed all-in rate on our Revolving Credit Facility of from October 1, 2024 until January 2, 2025. 
 
 Upon closing of the Line of Credit, as defined below, we remitted million of the proceeds to pay down outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 In September 2024, we entered into a million revolving credit facility agreement with Harvest Small Cap Partners, L.P. and Harvest Small Cap Partners Master, Ltd. (collectively, the Lenders maturing in September 2025 (the Line of Credit ). Borrowings under the Line of Credit will accrue interest at a rate of per annum, with interest payable in arrears at maturity or upon repayment of any principal amount borrowed under the Line of Credit. The proceeds from the Line of Credit (after payment of related legal fees) are only to be used for redemption payments on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock, payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock accrued prior to the closing date of the Line of Credit, funding of the share repurchase program, discussed below, and a million paydown on the Revolving Credit Facility, as noted above. The Line of Credit includes provisions for a cross-default in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility and defaults on certain other indebtedness exceeding million. Mr. Osher, co-chair of the Company s board of directors, is the managing member of No Street Capital LLC, which serves as the investment manager of the Lenders. 
 
 Upon drawing the first million under the Line of Credit on the closing date, we issued shares of common stock to the Lenders subject to a 180 -day lock period commencing on the date of issuance. The issuance date fair value of the shares of approximately million is considered a debt issuance cost and recorded in Other Assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and amortized over the one -year term to Interest Expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Unamortized loan fees as of September 30, 2024 were approximately million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately million was outstanding under the Line of Credit. As of the November 1, 2024, the outstanding balance increased to approximately million. 

shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which are designated as shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock, are designated as shares of Series A Preferred Stock and are designated as shares of Series 2 Preferred Stock. 

Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 
 The terms of the Series A Preferred Stock provide that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by the Board and declared by us out of legally available funds, cumulative cash dividends on each share at an annual rate of of the stated value pari passu with the dividend preference of the Series 1 Preferred Stock and in preference to any payment of any dividend on our common stock until the occurrence of a Listing Event, at which time, the annual dividend rate was reduced to 5.75 on the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock. The closing of the Merger and the listing of our common stock on the NYSE American constituted a Listing Event under the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Series 1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock 
 
 The terms of the Series 1 Preferred Stock provide that the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as authorized by the Board and declared by us out of legally available funds, cumulative cash dividends on each share at an annual rate of of the stated value pari passu with the dividend preference of the Series A Preferred Stock and in preference to any payment of any dividend on our common stock until the occurrence of a Listing Event, at which time, the annual dividend rate was reduced to on the stated value of the Series 1 Preferred Stock. The closing of the Merger and the listing of our common stock on the NYSE American constituted a Listing Event under the terms of the Series 1 Preferred Stock. 
 
 Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock Distributions 

In
 March 2020, we began accruing distributions on the Series
 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock after the Legacy MIC Board unanimously authorized the suspension of the payment of distributions. On
 September 11, 2024, the Board declared payment of accrued and unpaid dividends for all past dividend periods on the Series
 1 Preferred Stock at a rate of
 per share and on the Series A Preferred Stock at a rate of
 per share to holders of record as of close of business on
 September 10, 2024 collectively, the Prior Dividend ). The Company paid the Prior Dividend on
 September 30, 2024. On
 September 11, 2024, the Board also authorized the payment of the monthly dividend for
 September 2024 on the Series
 1 Preferred Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock at a rate of
 
 and 4.791 per share, respectively, on
 October 14, 2024 to holders of record as of the close of business on
 September 29, 2024. The payment of future dividends is subject to the Board s discretion and will be determined by the Board based on the Company s financial condition, applicable law and such other considerations as the Board deems relevant. 

Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock Redemptions and Conversions 

Upon receipt of written notice to convert shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock into common stock, we have the option to redeem the shares for cash with the redemption price equal to the Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock stated value, which is 1,000, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. Should we elect to convert the shares, each share of Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock will convert into a number of shares of common stock determined by dividing the sum of (i) 100 of the stated value, which is 1,000, plus (ii) any accrued but unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of conversion by the volume weighted average price per share of common stock for the 20 trading days prior to the delivery date of the receipt of the notice. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , approximately shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock and approximately shares of Series A Preferred Stock converted to approximately million and shares of common stock, respectively. Approximately shares of the Series 1 Preferred Stock were redeemed for cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, requested redemptions at September 30, 2024 of approximately shares with a stated value of approximately million of Series 1 Preferred Stock were reclassified to Accrued Preferred Distributions and Redemptions on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, as we intend to redeem the shares for cash. There were no cash redemptions on the Series A Preferred Stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 In accordance with its warrant agreement between Legacy MIC and Color Up, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company controlled by Mr. Chavez, Ms. Hogue, and Mr. Osher Color Up dated August 25, 2021 the Warrant Agreement ), Color Up had the right to purchase up to shares of common stock, at an exercise price of per share for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to million (the Common Stock Warrants ). Each whole Common Stock Warrant entitled the registered holder thereof to purchase one whole share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to customary adjustments, at any time following a Liquidity Event, which was defined as an initial public offering and/or listing of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 As of the Closing Date, FWAC, Legacy MIC, and Color Up entered into a Warrant Assumption and Amendment Agreement (the Warrant Assumption and Amendment Agreement to the Warrant Agreement, whereby the Company assumed the Common Stock Warrants remaining outstanding and unexpired at that time, and such Common Stock Warrants became the common stock warrants of the Company. Subsequent to the Closing date, on August 29, 2023, New MIC and Color Up entered into an Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement (the Amended Warrant Agreement ), pursuant to which the Warrant Agreement was amended and restated to (i) reflect the effects of the Merger (including but not limited to the reduction in the exercise price of the Common Stock Warrants from to per share and the increase in the number of the underlying shares from shares of Legacy MIC common stock to shares of our common stock) and (ii) permit Color Up to exercise the Common Stock Warrants on a cashless basis at Color Up s option. Subsequently, Color Up distributed the entirety of the Common Stock Warrants to HS3 and Bombe Asset Management, LLC, an entity owned and controlled by Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue. 
 
 The Common Stock Warrants expire on August 25, 2026 and are classified as equity and recorded at the issuance date fair value. 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 On November 2, 2021, Legacy MIC entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership, and HS3, pursuant to which the Operating Partnership issued and sold to HS3 (a) newly issued OP Units; and (b) newly-issued Class A units of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership Class A Units which entitle HS3 to purchase up to additional OP Units (the Additional OP Units at an exercise price equal to per Additional OP Unit, subject to adjustment as provided in the Class A Unit agreement, and HS3 paid to the Operating Partnership cash consideration of million. The Additional OP Units are available to be exercised only upon completion of a Liquidity Event, as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement. In connection with the Merger, the number of Class A Units was adjusted to and the exercise price for the Class A Units was adjusted to per Class A Unit. The Common Units generally may be redeemed by the holder thereof for cash or, at the option of the Company, for shares of common stock. Such securities were issued in a private placement transaction exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4 (a)( 2 of the Securities Act. On August 29, 2023, the Operating Company issued Common Units to HS3 upon the cashless exercise of Class A Units based upon a fair market value of per Common Unit. 

Convertible Non-controlling Interests 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Operating Company had approximately million Common Units outstanding, excluding any equity incentive units granted. Beginning six months after first acquiring Common Units, each member will have the right to redeem the Common Units for either cash or common stock, subject to both our discretion and the terms and conditions set forth in the limited liability company agreement of the Operating Company (the Operating Agreement ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately Common Units converted to shares of common stock on a one -for- one basis. As of November 1, 2024, approximately million additional Common Units converted to shares of common stock on a one -for- one basis. 
 
 The Common Units not held by the Company outstanding as of September 30, 2024 are classified as noncontrolling interests within permanent equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 

In
 September 2024, the Board authorized a share repurchase program of up to
 million of shares of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases
 may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases
 may be structured to occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule
 10b -
 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, as amended. We
 may also, from time to time, enter into Rule
 10b5 -
 1 plans to facilitate repurchases of our shares under this authorization. During the
 three and
 nine months ended
 September 
 30, 
 2024, we repurchased
 shares under the program, for a cost of approximately 
 million. As of
 November 1, 2024, approximately
 additional shares were repurchased under the program for a cost of approximately
 million.

million LTIP units to Mr. Chavez in lieu of his salary for 2021 and 2023 and for his 2023 short-term incentive award. These awards were issued at a grant date fair value of and vested upon issuance. At the same time, million LTIP units were granted in lieu of his 2024 salary, which will vest in four equal increments each quarter over the next twelve months. 
 million LTIP units and million restricted stock units awarded at a grant date fair value of to two of our executives representing the long term incentive awards for 2023 and 2024. These awards will vest on a graded schedule over three years. 
 million LTIP Units and million restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of to two executives using the Monte Carlo method. These awards will vest based upon the performance of our stock versus the Russell 2000 Index three years from the grant date. 
 million restricted stock units awarded to the independent directors as consideration for service in 2023 and 2024. These awards have a grant date fair value of and will vest on the one year anniversary of the grant date. 

In May 2024, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved the issuance of the following awards: 
 
 approximately restricted stock units awarded to one executive at a grant date fair value of that vest on graded schedule over three years. 
 two tranches of million restricted stock units that vest upon achievement of stock price performance goals (the Founders Award ). The fair value of both tranches was determined using the Monte Carlo method. The first tranche of the awards, with a performance period through December 31, 2026, has an immaterial grant date fair value and the second tranche, with a performance period through December 31, 2028, has a grant date fair value of per share. Additionally, the Compensation Committee approved the modification of million performance units previously granted to two executives to align the performance conditions and performance periods to the Founders Award and the Earn-Out Shares. The incremental compensation expense of approximately million will be recognized through the modified performance period of December 31, 2028 in General and Administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 approximately restricted stock units to one executive with a grant date fair value of using the Monte Carlo method. This award will vest based upon the performance of our stock versus the Russell 2000 Index through January 2027. 

The following table sets forth a roll forward of all incentive equity awards for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Unvested - September 30, 2024 

We recognized million and million of equity-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in General and Administrative in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The remaining unrecognized compensation cost of approximately million will be recognized over a weighted average term of years. Performance based awards are valued at target and may have the ability to earn additional or fewer shares based on level of achievement. 

million unvested service- and performance-based awards which are considered antidilutive to the dilutive loss per share calculation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The following table reconciles the numerator and denominator used in computing our basic and diluted per-share amounts for net loss attributable to common stockholders for the
 three and 
 nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands):

Net loss attributable to participating securities 
 Net loss attributable to MIC common stock 
 Denominator: 
 Basic and dilutive weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 
 Basic and diluted loss per weighted average common share: 
 Basic and dilutive 

per annum for the first year and increased each year by the lesser of and the Consumer Price Index. The lease is accounted for as an operating lease under ASU 2016 - 02, Leases (Topic 842 ). We recognized a Right of Use ROU Leased Asset and a ROU Lease Liability on the lease commencement date which is included in Land and Improvements and Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Through the discounting of the remaining lease payments at our incremental borrowing rate of , the value of both the ROU asset and ROU liability recognized at commencement date was approximately million. We recognized approximately and of operating lease expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. This expense is included in Property Operating Expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Changes in the lease liability and lease asset amortization expense were not material in the Statement of Cash Flows. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, future lease payments are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments 
 Less amount representing interest (220) 
 Total 316 

beneficial interest in MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot, DST, a Delaware Statutory Trust MVP St. Louis ). MVP St. Louis is the owner of a -acre, -vehicle commercial parking lot, known as the Cardinal Lot. 

MVP St. Louis is considered VIE and we conclude that we are the primary beneficiary since the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of MVP St. Louis was held by MVP Parking DST, LLC (the Manager and certain subsidiaries of the Manager, which is controlled by Mr. Chavez. 
 
 As a result, we consolidate our investment in MVP St. Louis and MVP St. Louis Cardinal Lot Master Tenant, LLC, which had total assets of approximately and million (substantially all real estate investments) and liabilities of approximately and million (substantially all mortgage debt) before consolidation as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The carrying amount of the Line of Credit as of September 30, 2024 approximates fair value. 
 
 Recurring and Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Our Earn-Out Shares and interest rate cap are measured and recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, while certain real estate assets and liabilities are measured and recognized at fair value as needed. Fair value measurements that occurred as of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

Interest rate cap 
 
 Nonrecurring 
 Impaired real estate assets 

Earn-Out Shares 
 
 The terms of the Earn-Out Shares allow an additional shares to vest if certain milestones are achieved: 
 
 shares vest if the aggregate volume-weighted average price for any 5 -consecutive trading day period equals or exceeds per share prior to December 31, 2026 
 
 shares vest if the aggregate volume-weighted average price for any 5 -consecutive trading day period equals or exceeds per share prior to December 31, 2028 

We estimate the fair value of each tranche of shares separately using a Monte Carlo simulation. These estimates require us to make various assumptions about the risk-free rate, expected volatility for each tranche of the Earn-Out Shares, and other items that are unobservable and are considered Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. Because we are a newly-listed company with limited share activity, we were required to exercise judgment in estimating expected volatility to and in selection of comparable companies. 

We recognized a gain of approximately million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of changes in the estimated fair values after the Merger. The gain is recorded as the Change in Fair Value of Earn-Out Liability in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The following table reflects the change in value during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Change in fair value recognized in earnings 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Impairment 
 
 Our real estate assets are measured and recognized at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when we determine an impairment has occurred. To estimate fair value we may use internally developed valuation models or independent third -parties where available. In either case, the fair value of real estate may be based on a number of approaches including the income capitalization approach, sales comparable approach or discounted cash flow approach. We utilize market data such as sales price per stall on comparable recent real estate transactions to estimate the fair value of the real estate assets. We also utilize expected net sales proceeds to estimate the fair value of any real estate assets that are actively being marketed for sale. Because we use estimates and assumptions regarding an assets future performance and cash flows as well as market conditions and discount rates, we determined the impaired assets would fall under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we impaired approximately million of our real estate assets as a result of a planned disposition of a property. 

million which was recorded as Other Income, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 In January 2023, the 43rd District Court of Parker County, Texas, entered summary judgment against MVP Fort Worth Taylor, LLC, a subsidiary of Legacy MIC, in favor of the plaintiff, John Roy, who alleged that he was due a commission relating to a proposed sale of the Fort Worth Taylor parking facility which was never consummated. Legacy MIC filed an appeal. In July 2024, the Texas Court of Appeals, Second District, reversed the decision of the District Court granting summary judgement in favor of Mr. Roy and remanded the case to the District Court for further consideration. As a result of the District Court s summary judgment, in December 2022 we recognized a charge of million for the full estimated amount of damages (including legal fees and costs). During the first quarter of 2023, and as part of the appeals process, Legacy MIC posted cash collateral of million for an appeals bond. In September 2024, a settlement was reached resulting in a gain on the settlement of approximately million which is reflected in Other Income, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 In September 2023, we entered into arbitration with one vendor regarding disputes over amounts payable of approximately million. In June 2024, a settlement was reached and the net impact of the gain on the settlement and related legal and administrative fees is immaterial to the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The remaining amount payable is accrued for in Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

million and million, respectively, from Park Place Parking which are included in Accounts Receivable, Net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were subsequently paid within terms of the management agreement. 
 
 In May 2022, we entered into a lease agreement with ProKids, an Ohio not -for-profit. An immediate family member of our CEO is a member of the Board of Trustees and President of that organization. ProKids leased 21,000 square feet of vacant unfinished commercial space in a 531,000 square foot building in Cincinnati, Ohio for 120 months. ProKids will invest in the tenant improvements in this space and ultimately use it as their headquarters location. ProKids will have no rent due to us throughout the lease term, other than a rental fee on parking spaces used by the ProKids staff and visitors and payment toward common area utility costs. As of September 30, 2024, ProKids does not owe us rental income related to the lease agreement. 

In connection with our recapitalization transaction in August 2021, we owe approximately million to certain member entities of Color Up relating to prorated revenues for the month of August 2021 of the three properties contributed by Color Up. The accrual is reflected within Due to Related Parties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 We have agreed to pay for certain tax return preparation services of Color Up and certain member entities of Color Up as well as certain legal services in connection with the Registration Rights Agreement. We have incurred approximately million related to these services which is reflected in General and Administrative and Other Income (Expense) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Total fees are estimated to be approximately million. 
 
 License Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, we entered into a Software License and Development Agreement with an affiliate of Bombe Asset Management, Ltd., an affiliate of our CEO and President (the Supplier ), pursuant to which we granted to the Supplier a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide right and license to access certain software and services for a fee of per month. 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement 
 
 On August 25, 2021, the Company, the Operating Partnership and Color Up entered into the Tax Matters Agreement, or the Tax Matters Agreement, pursuant to which the Operating Partnership agreed to indemnify Color Up and certain affiliates and transferees of Color Up (together, the Protected Partners ), against certain adverse tax consequences in connection with 1 (i) a taxable disposition of certain specified properties and (ii) certain dispositions of the Protected Partners interest in the Operating Partnership, in each case, prior to the tenth anniversary of the completion of the Transaction, as defined in the Tax Matters Agreement, (or earlier, if certain conditions are satisfied); and 2 the Operating Partnership s failure to provide the Protected Partners the opportunity to guarantee a specified amount of debt of the Operating Partnership during the period ending on the tenth anniversary of the completion of the Transaction (or earlier, if certain conditions are satisfied). In addition, and for so long as the Protected Partners own at least 20 of the units in the Operating Partnership received in the Transaction, we agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Protected Partners with similar guarantee opportunities. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 In September 2024, we entered into a million Line of Credit. Mr. Osher, co-chair of the Company s board of directors, is the managing member of No Street Capital LLC, which serves as the investment manager of the Lenders. For further discussion of the Line of Credit, refer to Note G above. 

Non-controlling interest 

Additional paid-in capital 
 Non-controlling interest 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following is a financial review and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report to MIC, we, us, our, and the Company refer to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the closing of the Merger and to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation (f/k/a Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III) and its consolidated subsidiaries following the closing of the Merger, as the context requires. References in this Quarterly Report to Legacy MIC refer to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the closing of the Merger. References in this Quarterly Report to FWAC refer to Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements included in this Quarterly Report that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives, other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance, or assumptions or forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as may, should, expect, could, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, predict, potential or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. 
 
 The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon our current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs, which involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, the actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to: 

increased fuel prices may adversely affect our operating environment and costs; 

we have a limited operating history which makes our future performance difficult to predict; 

we have a history of losses and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future; 

we depend on our management team and the loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct and manage our business; 

a material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of our technology networks and related systems could harm our business; 

our executive officers and certain members of our board of directors face or may face conflicts of interest related to their positions and interests in our affiliates, which could hinder our ability to implement our business strategy and generate returns to investors; 

our revenues have been and will continue to be significantly influenced by demand for parking facilities generally, and a decrease in such demand would likely have a greater adverse effect on our revenues than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio; 

we may be unable to grow our business by acquisitions of additional parking facilities; 

the risks related to our financial statements expressing doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our parking facilities face intense competition, which may adversely affect rental and fee income; 

we require scale to improve cash flow and earnings for investors; 

changing consumer preferences and legislation affecting our industry or related industries may lead to a decline in parking demand, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 

our investments in real estate will be subject to the risks typically associated with investing in real estate; 

uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage relating to real property may adversely affect our investor returns; 

our material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner; 

we may not be able to access financing sources on attractive terms, or at all, which could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan; 

if we cannot obtain sufficient capital on acceptable terms, our business and our ability to operate could be materially adversely impacted; 

we have debt, and may incur additional debt; if we are unable to comply with the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement (as defined herein), which could result in an event of default under the Credit Agreement and an acceleration of repayment; 

adverse judgments, settlements, or investigations resulting from legal proceedings in which we may be involved could reduce our profits, limit our ability to operate our business, or distract our officers from attending to our business; 

holders of our outstanding preferred stock have dividend, liquidation, and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of our common stock; and 

other risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business, or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 In addition, statements of belief and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report, and while we believe such information forms a basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, involve risks and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Quarterly Report. 

- 19 -

Table of Contents 

Overview 
 
 Mobile Infrastructure Corporation (formerly known as Fifth Wall Acquisition Corp. III or FWAC is a Maryland corporation. We focus on acquiring, owning and optimizing parking facilities and related infrastructure, including parking lots, parking garages and other parking structures throughout the United States. We target both parking garage and surface lot properties primarily in the top 50 U.S. Metropolitan Statistical Areas, with proximity to key demand drivers, such as commerce, events and venues, government and institutions, hospitality and multifamily central business districts. As of September 30, 2024, we own 41 parking facilities in 20 separate markets throughout the United States, with a total of approximately 15,300 parking spaces and approximately 5.2 million square feet. We also own approximately 0.2 million square feet of retail/commercial space adjacent to its parking facilities. 
 
 FWAC was a blank check, Cayman Islands exempted company, incorporated on February 19, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more business entities. 
 
 On August 25, 2023 (the Closing Date ), we consummated the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger ), as amended by the First Amendment to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among FWAC, Queen Merger Corp. I, a Maryland corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of FWAC, and Legacy MIC. As part of the Merger, FWAC was converted to a Maryland corporation and changed its name to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, Mobile Infra Operating Partnership, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), converted from a Maryland limited partnership to a Delaware limited liability company, Mobile Infra Operating Company, LLC (following the conversion, the Operating Company ). In connection with the conversion, each outstanding unit of partnership interest of the Operating Partnership was converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into an equal number of identical membership units of the Operating Company. The Company is a member of the Operating Company and owns substantially all of its assets and conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Company. The Operating Company is managed by a board of directors, one appointed by the Company and one appointed by the other members of the Operating Company. Currently, the two directors of the Operating Company are Manuel Chavez, III, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, and Stephanie Hogue, our President and a director. The Company owns approximately 70.0 of the Common Units of the Operating Company. The remaining Common Units are held by certain of our executive officers and directors (directly or indirectly) and outside investors. 
 
 Trends and Other Factors Affecting our Business 
 
 Various trends and other factors affect or have affected our operating results, including but not limited to the general market conditions, the strength of the broader U.S. economy and the trajectory of activity of consumers with regard to their use of the parking facilities, fuel prices, inflation trends and interest rates. 
 
 Return to Work 
 
 The return to normalized movement following the COVID-19 pandemic is relatively uneven among markets and industries, which has impacted the performance of our assets, as many of our properties are located in urban centers, near government buildings, entertainment centers, or hotels. While the employment level in the United States has nearly returned to 2019 levels, many companies continue to deploy a work-from-home or hybrid remote strategy for employees. We anticipate that a hybrid work structure for traditional central business district office workers will be the normalized state going-forward. This has impacted the performance of many of our assets that have office exposure and underscores the importance of a multi-key demand driver strategy in repositioning current and/or acquiring new assets. 
 
 Managed Property Revenue Contracts 
 
 In 2024, 29 of our 41 assets converted to management contracts. We believe asset management contracts provide the opportunity for net operating income ("NOI") growth through more transparent and controlled expense management, and will reduce the revenue variability associated with the timing of payments for contract parking agreements. In addition, the move to management contracts properly aligns the incentives and rewards for revenue growth between the third-party operator and the company. This change is also expected to result in better revenue linearity compared to revenue recognition in our lease agreements, in which lease payments are based on cash collections from operators. Overall, the conversion to contracts also provides enhanced visibility on the performance of the portfolio within our financial results. Our intent is to convert the remaining assets to asset management contracts by the end of 2027. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Revenues 

Managed property revenue 

7,981 

7,981 

100.0 

Base rent income 

1,538 

2,009 

(471) 

(23.4) 

Percentage rental income 

239 

6,054 

(5,815) 

(96.1) 

Total revenues 

9,758 

8,063 

1,695 

21.0 

- 20 -

Table of Contents 

Total revenues 
 
 The increase in total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 is due primarily to 29 of our 41 assets converting to management contracts in 2024, as noted above. The change to management contracts results in us recognizing revenue from all parking transactions at those locations. Under the previous lease agreements, we only received a portion of the revenue after a certain threshold was reached. 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change (1) 

Operating expenses 

Property taxes 

1,829 

1,802 

27 

1.5 

Property operating expense 

1,835 

390 

1,445 

NM 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,104 

2,132 

(28) 

(1.3) 

General and administrative 

2,684 

4,154 

(1,470) 

(35.4) 

Preferred Series 2 - issuance expense 

16,101 

(16,101) 

(100.0) 

Professional fees 

396 

326 

70 

21.5 

Organizational, offering and other costs 

1,231 

(1,231) 

(100.0) 

Impairment 

8,700 

(8,700) 

(100.0) 

Total expenses 

8,848 

34,836 

(25,988) 

(74.6) 

(1) 
 Line items that result in a percent change that exceed certain limitations are considered not meaningful NM and indicated as such. 

Property operating expense 
 
 The increase in property operating expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 is due primarily to 29 of our 41 assets converting to management contracts in 2024, as noted above. The change to management contracts results in higher reflected operating expenses as revenues under the previous lease agreements were calculated based on collections reduced by certain costs, whereas these costs are now recorded as property operating expense under management contracts. 

General and administrative 

The 1.5 million decrease in general and administrative expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily attributable to the cancellation of executive LTIP Units for 1.4 million in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Preferred Series 2 - issuance expense 
 
 As part of accounting for the reverse capitalization in 2023, we evaluated the Series 2 Preferred Stock arrangement and determined the fair value of the Series 2 Preferred Stock at the time of the transaction of 66.7 million 4.84 per share) exceeded the implied conversion rate based on a total of 13,787,464 shares of common stock being issued on December 31, 2023 in return for 46 million in proceeds. As a result, the excess in fair value was treated as non-cash compensation and was recorded as Preferred Series 2 issuance expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Organizational, offering and other costs 
 
 The decrease in organizational, offering and other costs during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily attributable to transaction costs associated with the Merger that were allocated to the 1,900,000 FWAC Class B Shares that converted to common stock and which are subject to an earn-out structure (the Earn-Out Shares under terms outlined in the Second Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement. 
 
 Impairment 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023 the Company recorded approximately 8.7 million of asset impairment charges related to assets impacted by delayed return-to-work trends or other reductions of demand-drivers impacting these assets. 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Other 

Interest expense 

(3,348) 

(3,618) 

270 

(7.5) 

(Loss) Gain on sale of real estate 

(13) 

(13) 

100.0 

Other income, net 

382 

1,121 

(739) 

NM 

Change in fair value of Earn-Out liability 

179 

4,628 

(4,449) 

(96.1) 

Total other expense 

(2,800) 

2,131 

(4,931) 

NM 

Interest expense 

The decrease in interest expense of approximately 0.3 million during the three months ended
 September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year is primarily attributable to the repayment of 9.9 million of mortgage loans in the third quarter of 2023 and the paydowns of 15.0 million and 5.0 million on the Revolving Credit Facility in the third quarter of 2023 and 2024, respectively. This was partially offset by increases in interest rates on the Revolving Credit Facility compared to the prior year and additional interest expense on the Line of Credit entered into in the third quarter of 2024.

- 21 -

Table of Contents 

Other income, net 
 
 The decrease in other income of approximately 0.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year is primarily attributable to a gain from a settlement agreement entered into on September 6, 2023. 
 
 Change in the fair value of the Earn-Out liability 
 
 In connection with the Merger, in August 2023 we recognized a liability for Earn-Out Shares which may vest if certain hurdles are met regarding share price. Changes to the fair value of the liability during the period are reflected in earnings. 
 
 Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Revenues 

Managed property revenue 

20,708 

20,708 

100.0 

Base rent income 

4,704 

6,040 

(1,336) 

(22.1) 

Percentage rental income 

2,439 

16,340 

(13,901) 

(85.1) 

Total revenues 

27,851 

22,380 

5,471 

24.4 

Total revenues 
 
 The increase in total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 is due primarily to 29 of our 41 assets converting to management contracts in 2024, as noted above. The change to management contracts results in us recognizing revenue from all parking transactions at those locations. Under the previous lease agreements, we only received a portion of the revenue after a certain threshold was reached. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Operating expenses 

Property taxes 

5,542 

5,300 

242 

4.6 

Property operating expense 
 
 5,180 

1,441 

3,739 

NM 

Depreciation and amortization 

6,293 

6,389 

(96) 

(1.5) 

General and administrative 

8,610 

9,218 

(608) 

(6.6) 

Preferred Series 2 - issuance expense 

16,101 

(16,101) 

(100.0) 

Professional fees 

1,345 

1,121 

224 

20.0 

Organizational, offering and other costs 

1,348 

(1,348) 

(100.0) 

Impairment 

157 

8,700 

(8,543) 

(98.2) 

Total expenses 

27,127 

49,618 

(22,491) 

(45.3) 

Property taxes 

The increase in property taxes for the
 nine months ended
 September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 is due primarily to increases in estimated property tax assessments recognized in 2024.

Property operating expense 
 
 The increase in property operating expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 is due primarily to 29 of our 41 assets converting to management contracts in 2024, as noted above. The change to management contracts results in higher reflected operating expenses as revenues under the previous lease agreements were calculated based on collections reduced by certain costs, whereas these costs are now recorded as property operating expense under management contracts. 

General and administrative 

The 0.6 million decrease in general and administrative expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily attributable to the cancellation of executive LTIP Units for 1.4 million in the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by non-cash compensation cost for awards granted in 2024 and an increase in payroll and technology expenses. 
 
 Preferred Series 2 - issuance expense 
 
 As part of accounting for the reverse capitalization in 2023, we evaluated the Series 2 Preferred Stock arrangement and determined the fair value of the Series 2 Preferred Stock at the time of the transaction of 66.7 million 4.84 per share) exceeded the implied conversion rate based on a total of 13,787,464 shares of common stock being issued on December 31, 2023 in return for 46 million in proceeds. As a result, the excess in fair value was treated as non-cash compensation and was recorded as Preferred Series 2 issuance expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

- 22 -

Table of Contents 

Professional fees 
 
 Professional fees increased by approximately 0.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to additional professional service fees and costs associated with being publicly traded on the NYSE American. 

Organizational, offering and other costs 

The decrease in organizational, offering and other costs during the nine
 months ended 
 September 30, 2024
 compared to the nine months ended 
 September 30, 2023
 is primarily attributable to transaction costs associated with the Merger that were allocated to the 1,900,000 Earn-Out Shares under terms outlined in the Second Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement.

Impairment 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we impaired approximately 0.2 million of our real estate assets as a result of a planned disposition of a property. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 we recorded approximately 8.7 million of asset impairment charges related to assets impacted by delayed return-to-work trends or other reductions of demand-drivers impacting these assets. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Other 

Interest expense 

(9,414) 

(10,893) 

1,479 

(13.6) 

(Loss) Gain on sale of real estate 

(55) 

660 

(715) 

NM 

Other income, net 

254 

1,152 

(898) 

NM 

Change in fair value of Earn-Out liability 

1,143 

4,628 

(3,485) 

(75.3) 

Total other expense 

(8,072) 

(4,453) 

(3,619) 

81.3 

Interest expense 

The decrease in interest expense of approximately 1.5 million during the
 nine months ended
 September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year is primarily attributable to the repayment of 9.9 million of mortgage loans in the third quarter of 2023 and the paydowns of 15.0 million and 5.0 million on the Revolving Credit Facility in the third quarter of 2023 and 2024, respectively. This was partially offset by increases in interest rates on the Revolving Credit Facility compared to the prior year and additional interest expense on the Line of Credit entered into in the third quarter of 2024.

(Loss) Gain on sale of real estate 
 
 In February 2024, we disposed of our Cincinnati Race Street location for 3.15 million, resulting in a loss on sale of real estate of approximately 0.1 million. In July 2024, we sold one parking lot in Clarksburg, West Virginia for approximately 0.5 million, resulting in an immaterial loss on sale of real estate. 
 
 In February 2023, we sold a parking lot located in Wildwood, New Jersey for 1.5 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate of approximately 0.7 million. We received net proceeds of approximately 0.3 million after the repayment of the outstanding mortgage loan, interest and transaction costs. 

Other income, net 

The decrease in other income of approximately 0.9 million during the nine months ended
 September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year is primarily attributable to a gain from a settlement agreement entered into on September 6, 2023.

Change in the fair value of the Earn-Out liability 
 
 In connection with the Merger, in August 2023 we recognized a liability for Earn-Out Shares which may vest if certain hurdles are met regarding share price. Changes to the fair value of the liability during the period are reflected in earnings. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 Net Operating Income 
 
 NOI is presented as a supplemental measure of our performance. We believe that NOI provides useful information to investors regarding our results of operations, as it highlights operating trends such as pricing and demand for our portfolio at the property level as opposed to the corporate level. NOI is calculated as total revenues less property operating expenses and property taxes. We use NOI internally in evaluating property performance, measuring property operating trends, and valuing properties in our portfolio. Other real estate companies may use different methodologies for calculating NOI, and accordingly, our NOI may not be comparable to other real estate companies. NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance as it does not reflect the impact of general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, other income and expenses, or the level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties that could materially impact our results from operations. 

- 23 -

Table of Contents 

The following table presents our NOI as well as a reconciliation of NOI to Net Loss, the most directly comparable financial measure under U.S. GAAP reported in our consolidated financial statements, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Revenues 

Managed property revenue 

7,981 

20,708 

Base rent income 

1,538 

2,009 

4,704 

6,040 

Percentage rental income 

239 

6,054 

2,439 

16,340 

Total revenues 

9,758 

8,063 

21.0 

27,851 

22,380 

24.4 

Less: 

Property taxes 

1,829 

1,802 

5,542 

5,300 

Property operating expense 

1,835 

390 

5,180 

1,441 

Net Operating Income 

6,094 

5,871 

3.8 

17,129 

15,639 

9.5 

Reconciliation 

Net loss 

(1,890) 

(24,642) 

(7,348) 

(31,691) 

Loss (gain) on sale of real estate 

13 

55 

(660) 

Other income, net 

(382) 

(1,121) 

(254) 

(1,152) 

Change in fair value of Earn-Out liability 

(179) 

(4,628) 

(1,143) 

(4,628) 

Interest expense 

3,348 

3,618 

9,414 

10,893 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,104 

2,132 

6,293 

6,389 

General and administrative 

2,684 

4,154 

8,610 

9,218 

Preferred Series 2 - issuance expense 

16,101 

16,101 

Professional fees 

396 

326 

1,345 

1,121 

Organizational, offering and other costs 

1,231 

1,348 

Impairment 

8,700 

157 

8,700 

Net Operating Income 

6,094 

5,871 

17,129 

15,639 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Earnings Before Interest Expense, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA reflects net income (loss) excluding the impact of the following items: interest expense, depreciation and amortization, and the provision for income taxes, for all periods presented. When applicable, Adjusted EBITDA also excludes certain recurring and non-recurring items from EBITDA, including, but not limited to gains or losses from disposition of real estate assets, impairment write-downs of depreciable property, non-cash changes in the fair value of the Earn-Out liability, merger-related charges and other expenses, gains or losses on settlements, and stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Our use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA facilitates comparison with results from other companies because it excludes certain items that can vary widely across different industries or among companies within the same industry. For example, interest expense can be dependent on a company s capital structure, debt levels, and credit ratings. The tax positions of companies can also vary because of their differing abilities to take advantage of tax benefits and because of the tax policies of the jurisdictions in which they operate. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA also exclude depreciation and amortization expense because differences in types, use, and costs of assets can result in considerable variability in depreciation and amortization expense among companies. We exclude stock-based compensation expense in all periods presented to address the considerable variability among companies in recording compensation expense because companies use stock-based payment awards differently, both in the type and quantity of awards granted. We use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as measures of operating performance which allow us to compare earnings and evaluate debt leverage and fixed cost coverage. 
 
 The following table presents our calculation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Reconciliation of Net Loss to Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to the Company 

Net loss 

(1,890) 

(24,642) 

(7,348) 

(31,691) 

Interest expense 

3,348 

3,618 

9,414 

10,893 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,104 

2,132 

6,293 

6,389 

EBITDA Attributable to the Company 

3,562 

(18,892) 

8,359 

(14,409) 

Organizational, offering and other costs 

1,231 

1,348 

Impairment of real estate 

8,700 

157 

8,700 

Preferred Series 2 - Issuance Expense 

16,101 

16,101 

Change in fair value of Earn-Out liability 

(179) 

(4,628) 

(1,143) 

(4,628) 

Gain on settlement of indemnification liability 

(1,155) 

(1,155) 

Loss (gain) on sale of real estate 

13 

55 

(660) 

Transaction and other costs 

(235) 

59 

Equity based compensation 

1,343 

3,052 

4,751 

6,135 

Adjusted EBITDA Attributable to the Company 

4,504 

4,409 

12,238 

11,432 

- 24 -

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 Aside from standard operating expenses, we expect our principal cash demands in both the short term and long term to be for: 

principal and interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness; 

capital expenditures; 

redemption and dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock; 

funding of our share repurchase program; and 

acquisitions of assets. 

Our principal source of funds will be rental income and managed property revenue at our parking facilities as well as existing cash on hand as a result of the Merger, the Preferred PIPE Investment and the Line of Credit. We also may sell properties that we own or place mortgages on properties that we own to raise capital. 
 
 Debt 
 
 We have 111.1 million of debt due within twelve months of the date of the issuance of the Quarterly Report which is comprised of 53.3 million related to the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein), 23.6 million related to the Line of Credit (as defined herein) and 34.2 million of notes payable. We do not currently have sufficient cash on hand, liquidity or projected future cash flows to repay these outstanding amounts and interest due upon maturity. These conditions and events raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We are currently analyzing financial and strategic alternatives in order to satisfy these debt maturities. While there can be no assurance that we will satisfy the debt prior to or at maturity, management has determined it is probable that it will be able to address the notes payable maturities by refinancing the notes payable and/or selling the real estate investments and utilizing the sales proceeds to satisfy the related notes payable. 
 
 With respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, we are evaluating several refinancing options supported by current term sheets received from multiple lenders. We expect to execute on available options in 2024. We are also evaluating refinancing options for the Line of Credit and expect to refinance prior to maturity. However, the finalization of the refinancing under these options are not fully within our control and therefore cannot be deemed probable and thus our plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. See Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part I, Item 1 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report for further discussion. 
 
 During 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we have taken steps to both extend and ladder maturities in our debt profile, including: 

In September 2023, we paid approximately 9.9 million to Vestin Realty Mortgage II, Inc. ("Vestin"), which represented payment in full of five notes held by Vestin. 

In February 2024, we refinanced 5.5 million of notes payable maturing in March 2024 with a 5-year note for 5.9 million. 

In March 2024, we executed the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which provided extension options through June 2025 with increased interest rate spreads above SOFR at each extension. In April 2024, we executed the first extension option, which extended the maturity through October 2024. In October 2024, we executed the second extension option which extends the maturity through April 1, 2025 with an interest rate spread above SOFR of 3.5 . We intend to pursue additional refinancing options related to the Credit Agreement and our near-term maturities. 

In September 2024, we entered into a 40.4 million Line of Credit, maturing in September 2025 (the Line of Credit ). Borrowings under the Line of Credit will accrue interest at a rate of 15.0 per annum, with interest payable in arrears at maturity or upon repayment of any principal amount borrowed under the Line of Credit. The proceeds from the Line of Credit (after payment of related legal fees) are only to be used for redemption payments on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock, unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock accrued prior to the closing date of the Line of Credit, funding of the share repurchase program, and a 5.0 million paydown on the Revolving Credit Facility. 

Certain lenders may require reserves related to capital improvements, insurance, and excess cash. These lender-required reserves make up the majority of our restricted cash amounts as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Existing capital expenditure activities expected to be completed in the near-term for general maintenance are expected to cost approximately 0.1 million. 
 
 Asset Acquisitions 
 
 Our future acquisitions or development of properties cannot be accurately projected because such acquisitions or development activities depend upon available opportunities that come to our attention and upon our ability to successfully acquire, develop, finance and lease such properties. However, we have identified a pipeline of acquisition opportunities that we believe is bespoke and actionable, while being largely off-market and unavailable to our competitors. As of September 30, 2024, we have identified and are evaluating several parking facilities as potential acquisition targets. However, we are unlikely to acquire additional parking facilities until more favorable financial market conditions are realized. 

- 25 -

Table of Contents 

Distributions and redemptions 
 
 In September 2024, we paid all accrued and unpaid dividends for the past dividend periods on the Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock. Additionally, on September 11, 2024, we declared payment of the September monthly dividend, which was paid on October 14, 2024 to the respective holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series 1 Preferred Stock as of the close of business on September 29, 2024. On October 28, 2024, we declared payment of the October monthly dividend, which is payable on November 12, 2024 to the respective holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series 1 Preferred Stock as of the close of business on October 28, 2024. The payment of future dividends is subject to the Board s discretion and will be determined by the Board based on the Company s financial condition and such other considerations as the Board deems relevant. Additionally, in September 2024, we began electing to redeem shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock for cash rather than converting to common stock. Proceeds from the Line of Credit are used to pay the stated value of the shares redeemed for cash as well as the unpaid dividends accrued prior to closing of the Line of Credit. 
 
 In March 2018, we suspended the payment of distributions on our common stock. There can be no assurance that cash distributions to our common stockholders will be resumed in the future. The actual amount and timing of distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board in its discretion and typically will depend on various factors that our Board deems relevant. We do not currently, and may not in the future, generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fully fund distributions. We do not currently anticipate that we will be able to resume the payment of distributions. However, if distributions do resume, all or a portion of the distributions may be paid from other sources, such as cash flows from equity offerings, financing activities, borrowings, or by way of waiver or deferral of fees. We have not established any limit on the extent to which distributions could be funded from these other sources. 
 
 Share repurchase program 
 
 In September 2024, the Board authorized a share repurchase program of up to 10 million of shares of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. Proceeds from the Line of Credit are used to fund the share repurchase program. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 As a result of the Merger, our previously outstanding warrant became a warrant to purchase 2,553,192 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 7.83 per share, exercisable as of the date of the Closing (the Common Stock Warrants ). As of the Closing Date, FWAC, Legacy MIC, and Color Up entered into a Warrant Assumption and Amendment Agreement (the Warrant Assumption and Amendment Agreement to the Warrant Agreement, whereby the Company assumed the Common Stock Warrants remaining outstanding and unexpired at that time, and such Common Stock Warrants became the common stock warrants of the Company. On August 29, 2023, the Company and Color Up entered into the Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement pursuant to which the Warrant Agreement was amended and restated to reflect the effects of the Merger and permit Color Up to exercise the Common Stock Warrants on a cashless basis at Color Up s option. Subsequently, Color Up distributed the entirety of the Common Stock Warrants to HSCP Strategic III, LP, an entity controlled by Mr. Osher, and Bombe Asset Management, LLC, an entity owned and controlled by Mr. Chavez and Ms. Hogue. 
 
 While exercise of the Common Stock Warrants is a potential source of cash, we do not currently believe this is a likely event and therefore do not use this assumption in our operating plans. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 
 (1,009) 
 
 (1,418) 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 
 (174) 
 
 (172) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 
 (1,226) 
 
 9,286 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 The cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to payment of certain general and administrative and professional fees, settlement of liabilities and changes in working capital, which offset the benefit of changes in NOI for the period. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 The cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to capital expenditures and proceeds on the sale of one parking asset in July 2024 partially offset by payments on sale of one parking asset in February 2024 as the sale was financed with a note receivable. The cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to routine and strategic capital expenditures partially offset by proceeds from the sale of one parking asset in February 2023. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 The cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to the proceeds from the Line of Credit, payments on the Revolving Credit Facility and refinancing of certain notes payable and related loan fees, as well as distribution and redemption payments on the Series 1 Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Stock. The cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to the Merger and the PIPE investment. The proceeds from the Merger were then used to fund the 15.0 million paydown of the Revolving Credit Facility, payment of transaction costs, and pay-off of certain of mortgage loans. 

- 26 -

Table of Contents 

Seasonality and Quarterly Results 
 
 Certain demand drivers of our business are subject to seasonal fluctuations, specifically those impacted by sports seasons, concerts and theaters. Some of our locations may also see fluctuations in demand due to inclement weather, especially in our Midwest markets. These factors are unique to each location and we expect the fluctuations will primarily impact transient parking revenues while contract parking revenues will remain relatively stable. Due to these seasonality factors, and other factors described herein, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on March 22, 2024, contains a description of our critical accounting policies and estimates, including those relating to merger accounting, real estate investments and acquisitions. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies during 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, prior to filing this Quarterly Report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 (b) Material Weaknesses 
 
 As previously described in Part II, Item 9A of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, we identified a material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting related to (i) the lack of appropriate segregation of duties within the accounting and finance groups and (ii) the ineffective design, implementation, and operation of controls relevant to the financial reporting process, specifically related to the documentation of the review of controls. 
 
 In addition, during the current quarter ended September 30, 2024 we identified a material weakness associated with the calculation and review of noncontrolling interest as a result of the immaterial misstatement identified and corrected in the current quarter, as described in Note P to our financial statements. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 (c) Remediation Plan 
 
 Our remediation efforts are ongoing and we continue our initiatives to implement and document policies, procedures, and internal controls. Remediation of the identified material weaknesses and strengthening our internal control environment will require substantial effort throughout 2024 and beyond. While we believe the steps taken to date and those planned for implementation will improve our internal controls over financial reporting, we have not completed all remediation efforts. The planned remediation activities highlight our commitment to remediating our identified material weaknesses and remain largely unchanged through the date of filing this Quarterly Report. 
 
 The following remedial actions have been identified and initiated as of September 30, 2024: 

We hired a Chief Financial Officer who has experience in remediating material weaknesses in internal controls and enhancing control environments. 

We will continue to train accounting resources to ensure they have the requisite levels of expertise. 

We will enhance our processes and controls related to the calculation of noncontrolling interest and allocation of equity between noncontrolling interest and equity 

We will reallocate responsibilities across the finance organization to allow for the appropriate segregation of duties to be applied. 

We will re-evaluate the permissions of user roles within our accounting system in order to establish more appropriate segregation of duties. 

We will continue to enhance our internal control documentation for key controls to ensure the appropriate assignment of preparers and reviewers and the establishment of policies and procedures that would require control performers to document the execution of controls with the appropriate level of precision and supporting evidence. 

As we continue to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, we may determine that additional or different measures to address control deficiencies or modifications to our remediation plan are necessary. The material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls are fully implemented, have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded that these controls are operating effectively through testing. 
 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Except for the changes related to our remediation efforts described above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The nature of our business exposes its properties, the Company, the Operating Company, and its other subsidiaries to the risk of claims and litigation in the normal course of business. Other than as noted above or routine litigation arising out of the ordinary course of business, we are not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against us. 
 
 Refer to Note N Commitments and Contingencies in Part I, Item 1 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report, which information, except for paragraph 2 therein, is incorporated herein by reference. 

- 27 -

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2024, except as set forth below. 
 
 Risks Related to Financial, Tax and Accounting Issues 
 
 Our financial condition has raised substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern; we may not have sufficient capital as and when needed. 
 
 We have incurred net losses since our inception and anticipate net losses for the near future. We have 111.1 million of debt due within twelve months of the date of the issuance of the Quarterly Report which is comprised of 53.3 million related to the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein), 23.6 million related to the Line of Credit (as defined herein) and 34.2 million of notes payable. We do not currently have sufficient cash on hand, liquidity or projected future cash flows to repay these outstanding amounts and interest due upon maturity. These conditions and events raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We are currently analyzing financial and strategic alternatives in order to satisfy these debt maturities. While there can be no assurance that we will satisfy the debt prior to or at maturity, management has determined it is probable that it will be able to address the notes payable maturities by refinancing the notes payable and/or selling the real estate investments and utilizing the sales proceeds to satisfy the related notes payable. 
 
 With respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, we are evaluating several refinancing options supported by current term sheets received from multiple lenders. We expect to execute on available options in 2024. We are also evaluating refinancing options for the Line of Credit and expect to refinance prior to maturity. However, the finalization of the refinancing under these options are not fully within our control and therefore cannot be deemed probable and thus our plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 In addition, we may not have sufficient cash resources or access to capital as and when needed, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, share price of our Common Stock and may cause us to significantly modify our operational plans to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and we may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. These material weaknesses could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If we conclude that a material weakness occurred or is occurring, we expect to evaluate and pursue steps to remediate the material weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 
 Our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting associated with the calculation and review of noncontrolling interest as a result of the immaterial misstatement identified and corrected in the current fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. The immaterial error was identified and corrected in the current fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as described in Note P to our financial statements. 
 
 Our management had also identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with its assessment as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Specifically, these control deficiencies constitute material weaknesses, either individually or in the aggregate, relating to: (i) the lack of appropriate segregation of duties within the accounting and finance groups and (ii) the ineffective design, implementation, and operation of controls relevant to the financial reporting process, specifically related to the documentation of the review of controls. 
 
 We have identified and implemented, and continue to implement, certain remediation efforts to improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. These remediation efforts are ongoing. The following remedial actions have been identified and initiated as of September 30, 2024: 

We hired a Chief Financial Officer who has experience in remediating material weaknesses in internal controls and enhancing control environments. 

We will continue to train accounting resources to ensure they have the requisite levels of expertise. 

We will enhance our processes and controls related to the calculation of noncontrolling interest and allocation of equity between noncontrolling interest and equity. 

We will reallocate responsibilities across the finance organization to allow for the appropriate segregation of duties to be applied. 

We will re-evaluate the permissions of user roles within our accounting system in order to establish more appropriate segregation of duties. 

We will continue to enhance our internal control documentation for key controls to ensure the appropriate assignment of preparers and reviewers and the establishment of policies and procedures that would require control performers to document the execution of controls with the appropriate level of precision and supporting evidence. 

- 28 -

Table of Contents 

As we continue to evaluate and work to improve its internal control over financial reporting our management may determine that additional or different measures to address control deficiencies or modifications to the remediation plan are necessary. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 
 Any failure to maintain such internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results of operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the NYSE American, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Additionally, failure to timely file required Exchange Act reports will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short-form registration statements on Form S-3, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares of Common Stock to effect an acquisition. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Common Stock and may result in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We can give no assurance that any additional material weaknesses or resulting restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 a) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On September 9, 2024, the Company issued 336,756 shares of Common Stock, valued at approximately 1.2 million based on our closing stock price on the date of issuance, in lieu of cash payment upon the redemption of 336,756 Common Units, consisting of (i) 94,048 shares of Common Stock issued to Samuel Wilkins 2012 Trust, (ii) 121,354 shares of Common Stock issued to Wilkins-Duignan 2009 Revocable Trust and (iii) 121,354 shares of Common Stock issued to Ritch Holdings II, LLC. 
 
 On September 11, 2024, the Company issued 500,000 shares of Common Stock, valued at approximately 1.8 million based on our closing stock price on the date of issuance, consisting of (i) 166,000 shares of Common Stock issued to Harvest Small Cap Partners, L.P. and (ii) 334,000 shares of Common Stock issued to Harvest Small Cap Partners Master, Ltd. as consideration for the commitment to provide the Line of Credit. 
 
 The above securities were issued in transactions not involving a public offering pursuant to an exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 b) Use of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering 
 
 None. 
 
 c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On September 11, 2024, the Company announced that the Board authorized a share repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 10,000,000 of shares of Common Stock. The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs 
 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs 

July 1 - 31, 2024 

August 1 - 31, 2024 

September 1 - 30, 2024 
 
 26,925 
 
 3.31 
 
 26,925 
 
 9,910,866 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report are listed in the index to exhibits immediately preceding such exhibits, which index to exhibits is incorporated herein by reference. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Form 
 Exhibit or Annex 
 Filing Date 
 File Number 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of MIC 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 August 31, 2023 
 001-40415 

3.2 

Articles of Merger (effecting the change of the name of MIC to Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 

8-K 
 3.2 
 August 31, 2023 
 001-40415 

3.3 
 Bylaws of MIC 
 8-K 
 3.3 
 August 31, 2023 
 001-40415 

10.1# 
 Credit Agreement dated September 11, 2024 by and among MIC and the Lenders 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 September 11, 2024 
 001-40415 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Co-Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.3 
 Certification of Co-Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Co-Principal Financial Officers Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

# 
 
 Certain of the exhibits or schedules of this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

Filed concurrently herewith 

Furnished herewith 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Mobile Infrastructure Corporation 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Manuel Chavez 

Manuel Chavez 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephanie Hogue 

Stephanie Hogue 

President 

(Co-Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Paul Gohr 

Paul Gohr 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Co-Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

- 30 -

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_724506.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_724506.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Manuel Chavez, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Manuel Chavez 

Manuel Chavez 

Chief Executive Officer 

			 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_724507.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_724507.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Stephanie Hogue, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Stephanie Hogue 

Stephanie Hogue 

President 

(Co- Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 ex_724508.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

ex_724508.htm 

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Paul Gohr, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Paul Gohr 

Paul Gohr 

Chief Financial Officer 

			 Co-Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex_724509.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_724509.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Each of Manuel Chavez, as Chief Executive Officer of Mobile Infrastructure Corporation (the Registrant ), Stephanie Hogue, as President of the Registrant, and Paul Gohr, as Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to each of their knowledge: 

(1) the Registrant s accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Manuel Chavez 

Manuel Chavez 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Stephanie Hogue 

Stephanie Hogue 

President 

Co-Principal Financial Officer 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Paul Gohr 

Paul Gohr 

Chief Financial Officer 

Co-Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 beep-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 beep-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 beep-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 beep-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 beep-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

