<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1037038_0001037038-24-000029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10099846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>168776</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1602519</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4010390</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2157685</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1932801</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001037038-24-000029.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107103356
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001037038-24-000029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RALPH LAUREN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001037038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				132622036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0328

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13057
		FILM NUMBER:		241433792

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123187000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	POLO RALPH LAUREN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970402

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001037038-24-000029.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 rl-20240928.htm
 10-Q

rl-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 At November 1, 2024, shares of the registrant's Class A common stock, .01 par value, and shares of the registrant's Class B common stock, .01 par value, were outstanding. 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 INDEX 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited) Item 1. Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 60 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 61 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 61 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 61 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 62 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 62 
 Signatures 
 63 

1 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) September 28, 2024 March 30, 2024 (millions) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowances of million and million 
 Inventories Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Current income tax payable Current operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt Long-term finance lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Non-current income tax payable Non-current liability for unrecognized tax benefits Other non-current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 Equity: Class A common stock, par value per share; million and million shares issued; million and million shares outstanding 
 Class B common stock, par value per share; million shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, Class A, at cost; million and million shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes. 
 2 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (millions, except per share data) Net revenues 
 Cost of goods sold ) ) ) ) Gross profit 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Restructuring and other charges, net ) ) ) ) Total other operating expenses, net 
 ) ) ) ) Operating income 
 Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) ) Income before income taxes 
 Income tax provision ) ) ) ) Net income 
 Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Dividends declared per share 
 See accompanying notes. 
 3 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (millions) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation gains (losses) ) ) Net gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) Net losses on defined benefit plans ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes. 
 4 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Deferred income tax expense Stock-based compensation expense Bad debt expense Other non-cash charges (benefits) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Income tax receivables and payables ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities, net ) ) Other balance sheet changes ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments Other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments of finance lease obligations ) ) Payments of dividends ) ) Repurchases of common stock, including shares surrendered for tax withholdings ) ) Net cash used in financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 See accompanying notes. 
 5 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 Common Stock (a) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock at Cost Retained Earnings Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount AOCI (b) 
 (millions) Balance at June 29, 2024 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchases of common stock, including excise tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to stock-based 
 compensation plans 
 Balance at September 28, 2024 
 ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock (a) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock at Cost Retained Earnings Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount AOCI (b) 
 (millions) Balance at July 1, 2023 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive loss ) Total comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchases of common stock, including excise tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to stock-based compensation plans 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 (a) Includes Class A and Class B common stock. 
 (b) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 6 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 Common Stock (a) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock at Cost Retained Earnings Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount AOCI (b) 
 (millions) Balance at March 30, 2024 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchases of common stock, including excise tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to stock-based compensation plans 
 Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock (a) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock at Cost Retained Earnings Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount AOCI (b) 
 (millions) Balance at April 1, 2023 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive loss ) Total comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchases of common stock, including excise tax ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued pursuant to stock-based compensation plans Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 7 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In millions, except per share data and where otherwise indicated) 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 reportable segments: North America, Europe, and Asia. In addition to these reportable segments, the Company also has other non-reportable segments. See Note 16 for further discussion of the Company's segment reporting structure. 
 
 2. 
 
 8 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 . 
 Seasonality of Business 

3. 
 9 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 and thereafter Total 
 
 (a) Amounts presented do not contemplate potential contract renewals or royalties earned in excess of the contractually-guaranteed minimums. 
 Disaggregated Net Revenues 
 Wholesale Licensing Total 
 10 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Wholesale Licensing Total 
 
 (a) Net revenues from the Company's retail and wholesale businesses are recognized at a point in time. Net revenues from the Company's licensing business are recognized over time. 
 The Company's deferred income balances were million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively, and were primarily recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets. The majority of the deferred income balance as of September 28, 2024 is expected to be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. 
 
 Handling costs 
 11 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Dilutive effect of RSUs Diluted shares 
 All earnings per share amounts have been calculated using unrounded numbers. As of both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, there were million of additional shares issuable contingent upon vesting of performance-based RSUs that were excluded from the diluted shares calculations. 
 and does not involve a significant financing component. Accounts receivable are recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair value, and are presented in the consolidated balance sheets net of certain reserves and allowances. These reserves and allowances consist of (i) reserves for returns, discounts, end-of-season markdowns, operational chargebacks, and certain cooperative advertising allowances (see the " Revenue Recognition " section above for further discussion of related accounting policies) and (ii) allowances for doubtful accounts. 
 Amount charged against revenue to increase reserve Amount credited against customer accounts to decrease reserve 
 ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending reserve balance 
 12 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Amount recorded to expense to increase reserve (a) 
 Amount written-off against customer accounts to decrease reserve 
 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending reserve balance 
 
 (a) Amounts recorded to bad debt expense are included within SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 The Company sells its wholesale merchandise primarily to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners around the world, and extends credit based on an evaluation of each customer's financial capacity and condition, usually without requiring collateral. In the Company's wholesale business, concentration of credit risk is relatively limited due to the large number of customers and their dispersion across many geographic areas. However, the Company has key wholesale customers that generate significant sales volume. During Fiscal 2024, the Company's sales to these customers accounted for approximately of total net revenues. Substantially all of the Company's sales to its largest wholesale customers related to its North America segment. As of September 28, 2024, these wholesale customers accounted for approximately of total gross accounts receivable. 
 Inventory held by the Company totaled billion, million, and billion as of September 28, 2024, March 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 days) to a participating financial institution in exchange for receipt of a discounted payment amount made earlier than the payment term stipulated between the Company and the supplier. The Company's vendor payment terms and amounts due are not impacted by a supplier's decision to participate in the program. The Company has not pledged any assets and does not provide guarantees under the supplier finance program. The Company's payment obligations outstanding under its supplier finance program were million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively, and were recorded within accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 13 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 14 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 See Note 11 for further discussion of the Company's derivative financial instruments. 
 Refer to Note 3 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K for a summary of all of the Company's significant accounting policies. 
 
 4. 
 15 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 5. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture and fixtures Machinery and equipment Capitalized software Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Property and equipment, net includes finance lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets, which are reflected in the table above based on their nature. 
 Depreciation expense was million and million during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and was recorded primarily within SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 6. 
 Non-trade receivables Other taxes receivable Tenant allowances receivable Derivative financial instruments Prepaid marketing and advertising Inventory return asset Prepaid occupancy expense Prepaid insurance Cloud computing arrangement implementation costs Prepaid logistic services Restricted cash Other prepaid expenses and current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 16 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Cloud computing arrangement implementation costs Equity method and other investments Deferred rent assets Restricted cash Derivative financial instruments Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets 
 Accrued payroll and benefits Accrued inventory Accrued marketing and advertising Other taxes payable Dividends payable Accrued capital expenditures Restructuring reserve Finance lease obligations Deferred income Derivative financial instruments Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Asset retirement obligations Accrued benefits and deferred compensation Deferred tax liabilities Derivative financial instruments Other non-current liabilities Total other non-current liabilities 
 17 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 7. 
 million and million, respectively, of cash-related restructuring charges, primarily associated with severance and benefit costs. As of September 28, 2024, the remaining liability related to these cash-related charges was million, reflecting cash payments of million made during the six months ended September 28, 2024. The Company also recorded non-cash-related charges, net of million during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024, primarily related to stock-based compensation expense recorded in connection with an employment separation agreement. 
 Fiscal 2024 Restructuring Activities 
 During the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of cash-related restructuring charges, primarily associated with severance and benefit costs. During Fiscal 2024, the Company recorded cumulative restructuring-related charges of million, comprised of cash-related charges of million, primarily associated with severance and benefit costs, and non-cash-related charges of million. As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the remaining liability related to these cash-related charges was million and million, respectively, reflecting cash payments of million and non-cash adjustments of million made during the six months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Other Restructuring Activities 
 During the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of income within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations related to consideration received from Regent, L.P. in connection with the Company's previously sold Club Monaco business. On a comparative basis, during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million of income within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations related to consideration received from Regent, L.P. in connection with the Company's previously sold Club Monaco business. Refer to Note 9 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K for additional discussion regarding the Company's sale of its former Club Monaco business. 
 As of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the remaining liability related to the Company's restructuring plans initiated prior to its Fiscal 2024 was million and million, respectively, reflecting cash payments of million made during the six months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Other Charges 
 Next Generation Transformation Project 
 The Company is in the early stages of executing a large-scale, multi-year global project that is expected to significantly transform the way in which the Company operates its business and further enable its long-term strategic pivot towards a global direct-to-consumer-oriented model (the "Next Generation Transformation project" or "NGT project"). The NGT project will be completed in phases and involves the redesigning of certain end-to-end processes and the implementation of a suite of information systems on a global scale. Such efforts are expected to result in significant process improvements and the creation of synergies across core areas of operations, including merchandise buying and planning, procurement, inventory management, retail and wholesale operations, and financial planning and reporting, better enabling the Company to optimize inventory levels and increase the speed with which it reacts to changes in consumer demand across markets, among other benefits. In connection with the preliminary phase of the NGT project, the Company recorded other charges of million and million, respectively, during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024. 
 18 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily related to rent and occupancy costs associated with certain previously exited real estate locations in connection with the Company's past restructuring activities for which the related lease agreements have not yet expired. 
 
 8. 
 and during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and and during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The effective tax rates for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 were slightly higher than the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of primarily due to uncertain tax positions and state taxes, partially offset by the favorable tax impact of stock-based compensation. The effective tax rates for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of primarily due to favorable adjustments related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets arising from Swiss tax reform and favorable deferred tax adjustments related to the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive. The lower effective tax rates were also driven by favorable remeasurements of net deferred tax assets as a result of enacted changes in tax legislation. 
 Uncertain Income Tax Benefits 
 The Company classifies interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of its income tax provision. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively, and was included within the non-current liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the Company's effective tax rate was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Future Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits relating to the Company's tax positions is subject to change based on future events including, but not limited to, settlements of ongoing tax audits and assessments and the expiration of applicable statutes of limitations. Although the outcomes and timing of such events are highly uncertain, the Company does not anticipate that the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, will change significantly during the next twelve months. However, changes in the occurrence, expected outcomes, and timing of such events could cause the Company's current estimate to change materially in the future. 
 The Company files a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return, as well as tax returns in various state, local, and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is generally no longer subject to examinations by the relevant tax authorities for years prior to its fiscal year ended March 29, 2014. 
 19 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 9. 
 750 million 2.950 Senior Notes (b) 
 Total debt Less: current portion of long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 
 (a) The carrying value of the 3.750 Senior Notes is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount of million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively. 
 (b) The carrying value of the 2.950 Senior Notes is presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount of million and million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Senior Notes 
 In August 2018, the Company completed a registered public debt offering and issued million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due , which bear interest at a fixed rate of , payable semi-annually (the "3.750 Senior Notes"). The 3.750 Senior Notes were issued at a price equal to of their principal amount. The proceeds from this offering were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of the Company's previously outstanding million principal amount of unsecured senior notes that matured . 
 In June 2020, the Company completed another registered public debt offering and issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes that were due and repaid on with cash on hand, which bore interest at a fixed rate of , payable semi-annually (the "1.700 Senior Notes"), and million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due , which bear interest at a fixed rate of , payable semi-annually (the "2.950 Senior Notes"). The 1.700 Senior Notes and 2.950 Senior Notes were issued at prices equal to and of their principal amounts, respectively. The proceeds from these offerings were used for general corporate purposes, which included the repayment of million previously outstanding under the Company's Global Credit Facility (as defined below) on June 3, 2020 and repayment of its previously outstanding million principal amount of unsecured senior notes that matured . 
 The Company has the option to redeem the 3.750 Senior Notes and 2.950 Senior Notes (collectively, the "Senior Notes"), in whole or in part, at any time at a price equal to accrued and unpaid interest on the redemption date plus the greater of (i) of the principal amount of the series of Senior Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present value of Remaining Scheduled Payments, as defined in the supplemental indentures governing such Senior Notes (together with the indenture governing the Senior Notes, the "Indenture"). 
 20 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million of unsecured commercial paper notes through private placement using third-party broker-dealers (the "Commercial Paper Program"). 
 Borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program are supported by the Global Credit Facility (as defined below). Accordingly, the Company does not expect combined borrowings outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program and Global Credit Facility to exceed million. Commercial Paper Program borrowings may be used to support the Company's general working capital and corporate needs. Maturities of commercial paper notes vary, but cannot exceed days from the date of issuance. Commercial paper notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program rank equally in seniority with the Company's other forms of unsecured indebtedness. As of both September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, there were borrowings outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program. 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 Global Credit Facility 
 In June 2023, the Company terminated its then existing credit facility and entered into a new credit facility that provides for a million senior unsecured revolving line of credit through (the "Global Credit Facility") under terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the previous facility. The Global Credit Facility may be used for working capital needs, capital expenditures, certain investments, general corporate purposes, and for funding of acquisitions. The Global Credit Facility may also be used to support the issuance of letters of credit and maintenance of the Commercial Paper Program. Borrowings under the Global Credit Facility may be denominated in U.S. Dollars and certain other currencies, including Euros, Hong Kong Dollars, and Japanese Yen, and are guaranteed by some of the Company's domestic subsidiaries, including all of the Company's significant subsidiaries. In accordance with the terms of the agreement governing the Global Credit Facility, the Company has the ability to expand its borrowing availability under the Global Credit Facility to billion, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders under the facility to increase their commitments. There are no mandatory reductions in borrowing ability throughout the term of the Global Credit Facility. As of both September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, there were borrowings outstanding under the Global Credit Facility. However, the Company was contingently liable for million and million of outstanding letters of credit as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively. 
 as of the date of measurement for the most recent consecutive fiscal quarters. Adjusted Debt is defined generally as consolidated debt outstanding, including finance lease obligations, plus all operating lease obligations. Consolidated EBITDAR is defined generally as consolidated net income plus (i) income tax expense, (ii) net interest expense, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) operating lease cost, (v) restructuring and other non-recurring expenses, and (vi) acquisition-related costs. As of September 28, 2024, . 
 Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities 
 Certain of the Company's subsidiaries in Asia have uncommitted credit facilities with regional branches of JPMorgan Chase in China and South Korea (the "Pan-Asia Credit Facilities"). Additionally, the Company's Japan subsidiary has an uncommitted overdraft facility with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (the "Japan Overdraft Facility"). The Pan-Asia Credit Facilities and Japan Overdraft Facility (collectively, the "Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities") are subject to annual renewal and may be used to fund general working capital needs of the Company's operations in the respective countries. Borrowings under the Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities are guaranteed by the parent company and are granted at the sole discretion of the respective banks, subject to availability of the banks' funds and satisfaction of certain regulatory requirements. The Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities do not contain any financial covenants. 
 21 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million Chinese Renminbi (approximately million) through , which is also able to be used to support bank guarantees. 
 South Korea Credit Facility provides Ralph Lauren (Korea) Ltd. with a revolving line of credit of up to billion South Korean Won (approximately million) through . 
 Japan Overdraft Facility provides Ralph Lauren Corporation Japan with an overdraft amount of up to billion Japanese Yen (approximately million) through . 
 As of both September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, there were borrowings outstanding under the Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities. 
 Refer to Note 11 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K for additional discussion of the terms and conditions of the Company's debt and credit facilities. 
 
 10. 
 Derivative liabilities (a) 

(a) Based on Level 2 measurements. 
 The Company's derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value in its consolidated balance sheets and are valued using pricing models that are primarily based on market observable external inputs, including spot and forward currency exchange rates, benchmark interest rates, and discount rates consistent with the instrument's tenor, and consider the impact of the Company's own credit risk, if any. Changes in counterparty credit risk are also considered in the valuation of derivative financial instruments. 
 22 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 750 million 2.950 Senior Notes 
 
 (a) See Note 9 for discussion of the carrying values of the Company's senior notes. 
 (b) Based on Level 2 measurements. 
 Unrealized gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of the Company's debt instruments do not result in the realization or expenditure of cash unless the debt is retired prior to its maturity. 
 Non-financial Assets and Liabilities 
 The Company's non-financial assets, which primarily consist of goodwill, other intangible assets, property and equipment, and lease-related ROU assets, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and instead are reported at their amortized or depreciated cost in its consolidated balance sheet. However, on a periodic basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may not be fully recoverable (and at least annually for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets), the respective carrying value of non-financial assets are assessed for impairment and, if ultimately considered impaired, are adjusted and written down to their fair value, as estimated based on consideration of external market participant assumptions and discounted cash flows. impairment charges were recorded during either of the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 
 impairment charges associated with goodwill or other intangible assets were recorded during either of the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 
 23 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 11. 
 PP PP AE AE Net investment hedges (c) 
 PP ONCA ONCL ONCL Total Designated Hedges Undesignated Hedges : 
 FC Undesignated hedges (d) 
 PP PP AE AE Total Hedges 
 
 (a) FC = Forward foreign currency exchange contracts. 
 (b) PP = Prepaid expenses and other current assets; AE = Accrued expenses and other current liabilities; ONCA = Other non-current assets; ONCL = Other non-current liabilities. 
 (c) Includes cross-currency swaps designated as hedges of the Company's net investment in certain foreign operations. 
 (d) Relates to third-party and intercompany foreign currency-denominated exposures and balances. 
 separate counterparties, the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024 would be adjusted from the current gross presentation as detailed in the following table: 
 September 28, 2024 March 30, 2024 Gross Amounts Presented in the Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Balance Sheet that are Subject to Master Netting Agreements Net Amount Gross Amounts Presented in the Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Balance Sheet that are Subject to Master Netting Agreements Net Amount (millions) Derivative assets ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 The Company's master netting arrangements do not require cash collateral to be pledged by the Company or its counterparties. See Note 3 for further discussion of the Company's master netting arrangements. 
 24 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Net investment hedges effective portion ) ) Net investment hedges portion excluded from assessment of hedge effectiveness 
 ) ) Total Designated Hedges ) ) 
 Location and Amount of Gains (Losses) from Cash Flow Hedges Reclassified from AOCI to Earnings Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cost of goods sold Cost of goods sold Cost of goods sold Cost of goods sold (millions) Total amounts presented in the consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of related cash flow hedges are recorded 
 ) ) ) ) Effects of cash flow hedging: FC Cash flow hedges 
 Gains (Losses) from Net Investment Hedges Recognized in Earnings Location of Gains (Losses) Recognized in Earnings Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (millions) Net Investment Hedges: Net investment hedges portion excluded from assessment of hedge effectiveness (a) 
 Interest expense Total Net Investment Hedges 
 
 (a) Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ("OCI") relating to the effective portion of the Company's net investment hedges would be recognized in earnings only upon the sale or liquidation of the hedged net investment. 
 As of September 28, 2024, it is estimated that million of pretax net losses on both outstanding and matured derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges deferred in AOCI will be recognized in earnings over the next twelve months. Amounts ultimately recognized in earnings will depend on exchange rates in effect when outstanding derivative instruments are settled. 
 25 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Other income (expense), net Total Undesignated Hedges ) ) 
 Risk Management Strategies 
 Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts 
 The Company uses forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate its risk related to exchange rate fluctuations on inventory transactions made in an entity's non-functional currency, the settlement of foreign currency-denominated balances, and the translation of certain foreign operations' net assets into U.S. Dollars. As part of its overall strategy for managing the level of exposure to such exchange rate risk, relating primarily to the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the South Korean Won, the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the British Pound Sterling, the Swiss Franc, and the Chinese Renminbi, the Company generally hedges a portion of its related exposures anticipated over the next twelve months using forward foreign currency exchange contracts with maturities of to to provide continuing coverage over the period of the respective exposure. 
 Cross-Currency Swap Contracts 
 The Company periodically designates pay-fixed rate, receive fixed-rate cross-currency swap contracts as hedges of its net investment in certain of its European subsidiaries. These contracts swap U.S. Dollar-denominated fixed interest rate payments based on the contract's notional amount and the fixed rate of interest payable on certain of the Company's senior notes for Euro-denominated fixed interest rate payments, thereby economically converting a portion of its fixed-rate U.S. Dollar-denominated senior note obligations to fixed-rate Euro-denominated obligations. 
 See Note 3 for further discussion of the Company's accounting policies relating to its derivative financial instruments. 
 Investments 
 The Company's short-term investments as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024 were million and million, respectively, and consisted of time deposits. 
 No significant realized or unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale investments or impairment charges were recorded during any of the fiscal periods presented. 
 Refer to Note 3 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K for further discussion of the Company's accounting policies relating to its investments. 
 26 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 12. 

13. 
 Number of shares repurchased 
 
 (a) Excludes excise tax of million and million incurred during the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 On February 2, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved an expansion of the Company's existing common stock repurchase program that allows it to repurchase up to an additional billion of its Class A common stock, excluding related excise taxes. As of September 28, 2024, the remaining availability under the Company's Class A common stock repurchase program was approximately million. Repurchases of shares of the Company's Class A common stock are subject to overall business and market conditions. 
 In addition, during each of the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, million shares of the Company's Class A common stock, at a cost of million and million, respectively, were surrendered to or withheld by the Company in satisfaction of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of awards under its long-term stock incentive plans. 
 Repurchased and surrendered shares are accounted for as treasury stock at cost and held in treasury for future use. 
 Dividends 
 The Company has generally maintained a regular quarterly cash dividend program on its common stock since 2003. 
 On May 16, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors approved an increase to the Company's quarterly cash dividend on its common stock from to per share. The second quarter Fiscal 2025 dividend of per share was declared on September 13, 2024, was payable to shareholders of record at the close of business on September 27, 2024, and was paid on October 11, 2024. 
 The Company intends to continue to pay regular dividends on outstanding shares of its common stock. However, any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will ultimately be made at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors and will depend on the Company's results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant, including economic and market conditions. 
 27 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 14.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) ) ) Balance at April 1, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 (a) OCI before reclassifications to earnings related to foreign currency translation gains (losses) includes an income tax benefit of million and an income tax provision of million for the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. OCI before reclassifications to earnings for the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 includes losses of million (net of a million income tax benefit) and million (net of a million income tax benefit), respectively, related to changes in the fair values of instruments designated as hedges of the Company's net investment in certain foreign operations (see Note 11). 
 (b) OCI before reclassifications to earnings related to net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges are presented net of an income tax benefit of million and an income tax provision of million for the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The tax effects on amounts reclassified from AOCI to earnings are presented in a table below. 
 (c) Activity is presented net of taxes, which were immaterial for both periods presented. 
 Cost of goods sold Tax effect ) ) ) ) Income tax provision Net of tax 
 (a) FC = Forward foreign currency exchange contracts. 
 28 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 15. 
 (a) (a) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) 
 
 (a) Includes million of stock-based compensation expense recorded in connection with an employment separation agreement within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations during the second quarter of Fiscal 2025 (see Note 7). All other stock-based compensation expense was recorded within SG A expenses. 
 The Company issues its annual grants of stock-based compensation awards in the first half of each fiscal year. Due to the timing of the annual grants and other factors, including the timing and magnitude of forfeiture and performance goal achievement adjustments, as well as changes to the size and composition of the eligible employee population, stock-based compensation expense recognized during any given fiscal period is not indicative of the level of compensation expense expected to be incurred in future periods. 
 Service-based RSUs 
 The fair values of service-based RSUs granted to certain of the Company's senior executives and other employees, as well as non-employee directors, are based on the fair value of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant, adjusted to reflect the absence of dividends for any awards for which dividend equivalent amounts do not accrue to the holder while outstanding and unvested. The weighted-average grant date fair values of service-based RSU awards granted were and per share during the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at September 28, 2024 
 29 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 and per share during the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Market-based RSUs 
 The Company grants market-based RSUs, which are based on total shareholder return ("TSR") performance, to its senior executives and other key employees. The Company estimates the fair value of its TSR awards on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation, which models multiple stock price paths of the Company's Class A common stock and that of its peer group to evaluate and determine its ultimate expected relative TSR performance ranking. Compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recorded regardless of whether, and the extent to which, the market condition is ultimately satisfied. The weighted-average grant date fair values of market-based RSUs granted were and per share during the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate 
 Granted Change due to performance and/or market condition achievement Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at September 28, 2024 
 30 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 16. 
 reportable segments based on its business activities and organization: 
 North America The North America segment primarily consists of sales of Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through the Company's retail and wholesale businesses primarily in the U.S. and Canada. In North America, the Company's retail business is primarily comprised of its Ralph Lauren stores, its outlet stores, and its digital commerce sites, www.RalphLauren.com and www.RalphLauren.ca. The Company's wholesale business in North America is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and, to a lesser extent, specialty stores. 
 Europe The Europe segment primarily consists of sales of Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through the Company's retail and wholesale businesses in Europe and emerging markets. In Europe, the Company's retail business is primarily comprised of its Ralph Lauren stores, its outlet stores, its concession-based shop-within-shops, and its various digital commerce sites. The Company's wholesale business in Europe is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital and licensee partners. 
 Asia The Asia segment primarily consists of sales of Ralph Lauren branded apparel, footwear accessories, home, and related products made through the Company's retail and wholesale businesses in Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. The Company's retail business in Asia is primarily comprised of its Ralph Lauren stores, its outlet stores, its concession-based shop-within-shops, and its various digital commerce sites. In addition, the Company sells its products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites. The Company's wholesale business in Asia is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and various third-party digital and licensee partners. 
 No operating segments were aggregated to form the Company's reportable segments. In addition to these reportable segments, the Company also has other non-reportable segments, which primarily consist of Ralph Lauren and Chaps branded royalty revenues earned through its global licensing alliances. 
 The Company's segment reporting structure is consistent with how it establishes its overall business strategy, allocates resources, and assesses performance of its business. The accounting policies of the Company's segments are consistent with those described in Notes 2 and 3 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K. Sales and transfers between segments are generally recorded at cost and treated as transfers of inventory. All intercompany revenues are eliminated in consolidation and are not reviewed when evaluating segment performance. Each segment's performance is evaluated based upon net revenues and operating income before restructuring-related charges, impairment of assets, and certain other one-time items, if any. Certain corporate overhead expenses related to global functions, most notably the Company's executive office, information technology, finance and accounting, human resources, and legal departments, largely remain at corporate. Additionally, other costs that cannot be allocated to the segments based on specific usage are also maintained at corporate, including corporate marketing and advertising expenses, depreciation and amortization of corporate assets, and other general and administrative expenses resulting from corporate-level activities and projects. 
 Europe Asia Other non-reportable segments Total net revenues 
 31 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Europe Asia Other non-reportable segments Unallocated corporate expenses ) ) ) ) Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Total operating income 
 
 (a) 
 ) ) Europe-related ) ) ) Asia-related ) ) ) ) Other non-reportable segment-related ) Corporate operations-related ) ) ) ) Unallocated restructuring charges ) ) ) ) Other charges (see Note 7) 
 ) ) ) ) Total unallocated restructuring and other charges, net ) ) ) ) 
 Europe Asia Unallocated corporate Total depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 32 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Europe (c) 
 Asia (d) 
 Total net revenues 
 
 (a) Net revenues for certain of the Company's licensed operations are included within the geographic location of the reporting subsidiary which holds the respective license. 
 (b) Includes the U.S., Canada, and Latin America. Net revenues earned in the U.S. during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 were million and billion, respectively, and million and billion during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (c) Includes the Middle East. 
 (d) Includes Australia and New Zealand. 
 
 17. 
 Restricted cash included within prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included within other non-current assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 Restricted cash relates to cash held in escrow with certain banks as collateral, primarily to secure guarantees in connection with certain international tax matters and real estate leases. 
 Cash Paid for Interest and Taxes 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
 33 

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases 
 Non-cash Transactions 
 Operating lease ROU assets recorded in connection with the recognition of new lease liabilities were million and million for the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Finance lease ROU assets recorded in connection with the recognition of new lease liabilities were million and million for the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, during the six-month period ended September 30, 2023, million of finance lease ROU assets were reclassified and reflected as operating lease ROU assets as a result of certain executed lease amendments. 
 Non-cash investing activities also included capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid of million and million for the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 There were no other significant non-cash investing or financing activities for any of the fiscal periods presented. 
 34 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Various statements in this Form 10-Q, or incorporated by reference into this Form 10-Q, in future filings by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), in our press releases, and in oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company, may contain certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding our current expectations about the Company's future operating results and financial condition, the implementation and results of our strategic plans and initiatives, store openings and closings, capital expenses, our plans regarding our quarterly cash dividend and Class A common stock repurchase programs, and our ability to meet citizenship and sustainability goals. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are indicated by words or phrases such as "aim," "anticipate," "outlook," "estimate," "ensure," "commit," "expect," "project," "believe," "envision," "goal," "target," "can," "will," and similar words or phrases. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, among others: 
 the loss of key personnel, including Mr. Ralph Lauren, or other changes in our executive and senior management team or to our operating structure, including any potential changes resulting from the execution of our long-term growth strategy, and our ability to effectively transfer knowledge and maintain adequate controls and procedures during periods of transition; 
 the potential impact to our business resulting from inflationary pressures, including increases in the costs of raw materials, transportation, wages, healthcare, and other benefit-related costs; 
 the impact of economic, political, and other conditions on us, our customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders, including potential business disruptions related to ongoing military conflicts taking place in various parts of the world, most notably the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas wars, other recent hostilities in the Middle East, and militant attacks on cargo vessels in the Red Sea, civil and political unrest, diplomatic tensions between the U.S. and other countries, high interest rates, and bank failures, among other factors described herein; 
 the potential impact to our business resulting from supply chain disruptions, including those caused by capacity constraints, closed factories and/or labor shortages (stemming from pandemic diseases, labor disputes, strikes, or otherwise), scarcity of raw materials, port congestion, and scrutiny or detention of goods produced in certain territories resulting from laws, regulations, or trade restrictions, such as those imposed by the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act ("UFLPA") or the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act ("CAATSA"), which could result in shipment approval delays leading to inventory shortages and lost sales, as well as potential shipping delays, inventory shortages, and/or higher freight costs resulting from port strikes, the recent Red Sea crisis, and/or disruptions to major waterways such as the Suez and Panama canals; 
 uncertainty surrounding potential impacts of the 2024 U.S. presidential and congressional elections on the economy, including the potential for business disruptions resulting from any subsequent protests, and the potential impact to consumer demand and our business resulting from any significant changes in legislation, policies, and regulations, including, but not limited to, labor, taxation, monetary policies, and trade agreements; 
 our ability to effectively manage inventory levels and the increasing pressure on our margins in a highly promotional retail environment; 
 our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations from both a transactional and translational perspective; 
 our ability to recruit and retain qualified employees to operate our retail stores, distribution centers, and various corporate functions; 
 the impact to our business resulting from a recession or changes in consumers' ability, willingness, or preferences to purchase discretionary items and luxury retail products, which tends to decline during recessionary periods, and our ability to accurately forecast consumer demand, the failure of which could result in either a build-up or shortage of inventory; 
 our ability to successfully implement our long-term growth strategy; 
 35 

our ability to continue to expand and grow our business internationally and the impact of related changes in our customer, channel, and geographic sales mix as a result, as well as our ability to accelerate growth in certain product categories; 
 our ability to open new retail stores and concession shops, as well as enhance and expand our digital footprint and capabilities, all in an effort to expand our direct-to-consumer presence; 
 our ability to respond to constantly changing fashion and retail trends and consumer demands in a timely manner, develop products that resonate with our existing customers and attract new customers, and execute marketing and advertising programs that appeal to consumers; 
 our ability to competitively price our products and create an acceptable value proposition for consumers; 
 our ability to continue to maintain our brand image and reputation and protect our trademarks; 
 our ability to achieve our goals regarding citizenship and sustainability practices, including those related to climate change, our human capital, and our supply chain; 
 our ability and the ability of our third-party service providers to secure our respective facilities and systems from, among other things, cybersecurity breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, ransomware, or similar Internet or email events; 
 our efforts to successfully enhance, upgrade, and/or transition our global information technology systems and digital commerce platforms; 
 the potential impact to our business if any of our distribution centers were to become inoperable or inaccessible; 
 the potential impact to our business resulting from pandemic diseases such as COVID-19, including periods of reduced operating hours and capacity limits and/or temporary closure of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate facilities, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, and vendors, and potential changes to consumer behavior, spending levels, and/or shopping preferences, such as willingness to congregate in shopping centers or other populated locations; 
 the potential impact on our operations and on our suppliers and customers resulting from man-made or natural disasters, including pandemic diseases, severe weather, geological events, and other catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks, military conflicts, and other hostilities; 
 our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and cost reductions from our restructuring plans, as well as the impact to our business resulting from restructuring-related charges, which may be dilutive to our earnings in the short term; 
 the impact to our business resulting from potential costs and obligations related to the early or temporary closure of our stores or termination of our long-term, non-cancellable leases; 
 our ability to maintain adequate levels of liquidity to provide for our cash needs, including our debt obligations, tax obligations, capital expenditures, and potential payment of dividends and repurchases of our Class A common stock, as well as the ability of our customers, suppliers, vendors, and lenders to access sources of liquidity to provide for their own cash needs; 
 the potential impact to our business resulting from the financial difficulties of certain of our large wholesale customers, which may result in consolidations, liquidations, restructurings, and other ownership changes in the retail industry, as well as other changes in the competitive marketplace, including the introduction of new products or pricing changes by our competitors; 
 our ability to access capital markets and maintain compliance with covenants associated with our existing debt instruments; 
 a variety of legal, regulatory, tax, political, and economic risks, including risks related to the importation and exportation of products which our operations are currently subject to, or may become subject to as a result of potential changes in legislation, and other risks associated with our international operations, such as compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or violations of other anti-bribery and corruption laws prohibiting 
 36 

improper payments, and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including tax laws, trade and labor restrictions, and related laws that may reduce the flexibility of our business; 
 the impact to our business resulting from the potential imposition of additional duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges or barriers to trade, including those resulting from trade developments between the U.S. and China or other countries, and any related impact to global stock markets, as well as our ability to implement mitigating sourcing strategies; 
 changes in our tax obligations and effective tax rate due to a variety of factors, including potential changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, accounting rules, or the mix and level of earnings by jurisdiction in future periods that are not currently known or anticipated; 
 the potential impact to the trading prices of our securities if our operating results, Class A common stock share repurchase activity, and/or cash dividend payments differ from investors' expectations; 
 our ability to maintain our credit profile and ratings within the financial community; 
 our intention to introduce new products or brands, or enter into or renew alliances; 
 changes in the business of, and our relationships with, major wholesale customers and licensing partners; and 
 our ability to make strategic acquisitions and successfully integrate the acquired businesses into our existing operations. 
 These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and judgments and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are unforeseeable and beyond our control. A detailed discussion of significant risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2024 (the "Fiscal 2024 10-K"). There are no material changes to such risk factors, nor have we identified any previously undisclosed risks that could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and/or financial condition, as set forth in Part II, Item 1A " Risk Factors " of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 In this Form 10-Q, references to "Ralph Lauren," "ourselves," "we," "our," "us," and the "Company" refer to Ralph Lauren Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. We utilize a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest to March 31. As such, fiscal year 2025 will end on March 29, 2025 and will be a 52-week period ("Fiscal 2025"). Fiscal year 2024 ended on March 30, 2024 and was also a 52-week period ("Fiscal 2024"). The second quarter of Fiscal 2025 ended on September 28, 2024 and was a 13-week period. The second quarter of Fiscal 2024 ended on September 30, 2023 and was also a 13-week period. 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("MD A") is provided as a supplement to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto to help provide an understanding of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview. This section provides a general description of our business, global economic conditions and industry trends, and a summary of our financial performance for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024. In addition, this section includes a discussion of recent developments and transactions affecting comparability that we believe are important in understanding our results of operations and financial condition, and in anticipating future trends. 
 Results of operations. This section provides an analysis of our results of operations for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023. 
 Financial condition and liquidity. This section provides a discussion of our financial condition and liquidity as of September 28, 2024, which includes (i) an analysis of our financial condition as compared to the prior fiscal year-end; (ii) an analysis of changes in our cash flows for the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023; (iii) an analysis of our liquidity, including the availability under our commercial paper borrowing program and credit facilities, our supplier finance program, outstanding debt and 
 37 

covenant compliance, common stock repurchases, and payments of dividends; and (iv) a description of any material changes in our material cash requirements since March 30, 2024. 
 Market risk management. This section discusses any significant changes in our risk exposures related to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and our investments since March 30, 2024. 
 Critical accounting policies. This section discusses any significant changes in our critical accounting policies since March 30, 2024. Critical accounting policies typically require significant judgment and estimation on the part of management in their application. In addition, all of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies, are summarized in Note 3 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K. 
 Recently issued accounting standards. This section discusses the potential impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition of certain accounting standards that have been recently issued. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 Our Company is a global leader in the design, marketing, and distribution of luxury lifestyle products, including apparel, footwear accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality. Our long-standing reputation and distinctive image have been developed across a wide range of products, brands, distribution channels, and international markets. Our brand names include Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Double RL, Polo Ralph Lauren, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps, among others. 
 We diversify our business by geography (North America, Europe, and Asia, among other regions) and channel of distribution (retail, wholesale, and licensing). This allows us to maintain a dynamic balance as our operating results do not depend solely on the performance of any single geographic area or channel of distribution. We sell directly to consumers through our integrated retail channel, which includes our retail stores, concession-based shop-within-shops, and digital commerce operations around the world. Our wholesale sales are made principally to major department stores, specialty stores, and third-party digital partners around the world, as well as to certain third-party-owned stores to which we have licensed the right to operate in defined geographic territories using our trademarks. In addition, we license to third parties for specified periods the right to access our various trademarks in connection with the licensees' manufacture and sale of designated products, such as certain apparel, eyewear, fragrances, and home furnishings. 
 We organize our business into the following three reportable segments: 
 North America Our North America segment, representing approximately 44 of our Fiscal 2024 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses primarily in the U.S. and Canada. In North America, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, and our digital commerce sites, www.RalphLauren.com and www.RalphLauren.ca. Our wholesale business in North America is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and, to a lesser extent, specialty stores. 
 Europe Our Europe segment, representing approximately 30 of our Fiscal 2024 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Europe and emerging markets. In Europe, our retail business is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Europe is comprised primarily of a varying mix of sales to both department stores and specialty stores, depending on the country, as well as to various third-party digital and licensee partners. 
 Asia Our Asia segment, representing approximately 24 of our Fiscal 2024 net revenues, primarily consists of sales of our Ralph Lauren branded products made through our retail and wholesale businesses in Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. Our retail business in Asia is primarily comprised of our Ralph Lauren stores, our outlet stores, our concession-based shop-within-shops, and our various digital commerce sites. In addition, we sell our products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites. Our wholesale business in Asia is comprised primarily of sales to department stores and various third-party digital and licensee partners. 
 No operating segments were aggregated to form our reportable segments. In addition to these reportable segments, we also have other non-reportable segments, representing approximately 2 of our Fiscal 2024 net revenues, which primarily consist of Ralph Lauren and Chaps branded royalty revenues earned through our global licensing alliances. 
 38 

Approximately 55 of our Fiscal 2024 net revenues were earned outside of the U.S. See Note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our segment reporting structure. 
 Our business is typically affected by seasonal trends, with higher levels of retail sales in our second and third fiscal quarters and higher wholesale sales in our second and fourth fiscal quarters. These trends result primarily from the timing of key vacation travel, back-to-school, and holiday shopping periods impacting our retail business and timing of seasonal wholesale shipments. As a result of changes in our business, consumer spending patterns, and the macroeconomic environment, including those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events, historical quarterly operating trends and working capital requirements may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition, fluctuations in sales, operating income (loss), and cash flows in any fiscal quarter may be affected by other events affecting retail sales, such as changes in weather patterns. Accordingly, our operating results and cash flows for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results and cash flows that may be expected for the full Fiscal 2025. 
 Recent Developments 
 Next Generation Transformation Project 
 We are in the early stages of executing a large-scale, multi-year global project that is expected to significantly transform the way in which we operate our business and further enable our long-term strategic pivot towards a global direct-to-consumer-oriented model (the "Next Generation Transformation project" or "NGT project"). The NGT project will be completed in phases and involves the redesigning of certain end-to-end processes and the implementation of a suite of information systems on a global scale. Such efforts are expected to result in significant process improvements and the creation of synergies across core areas of operations, including merchandise buying and planning, procurement, inventory management, retail and wholesale operations, and financial planning and reporting, better enabling us to optimize inventory levels and increase the speed with which we react to changes in consumer demand across markets, among other benefits. 
 In connection with the preliminary phase of the NGT project, we incurred other charges of 5.7 million and 8.0 million during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024, which were recorded within restructuring and other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Global Economic Conditions and Industry Trends 
 The global economy and retail industry are impacted by many different factors. Changes in economic conditions, most notably persisting inflationary pressures (including increases in the cost of raw materials, transportation, and salaries benefits), organized labor disputes, high interest rates, significant foreign currency volatility, bank failures, and concerns of a potential recession, continue to impact consumer discretionary income levels, spending, and sentiment in the U.S. and beyond. In response to such pressures, as well as in an effort to reduce elevated inventory levels, many retailers (particularly in the U.S.) continue to resort to promotional activity in an attempt to offset traffic declines and increase conversion. Furthermore, the department store sector has experienced numerous consolidations, restructurings, reorganizations, bankruptcies, and other ownership changes in recent times, as well as an increase in store closures. The future geopolitical landscape also remains particularly uncertain, with over 60 countries holding national elections during 2024, including the recent U.S. presidential election. Any resulting changes in international trade relations, legislation and regulations (including those related to taxation and importation), or economic and monetary policies, or heightened diplomatic tensions or political and civil unrest, among other potential impacts, could adversely impact the global economy and our operating results. 
 The global supply chain also continues to be negatively impacted by various factors, including the recent port strikes on the U.S. East and Gulf Coasts and ongoing disruptions in the Red Sea. Although our business has not been significantly impacted by such disruptions, we have experienced some shipping delays impacting the timing of inventory receipts, and the continuation of such disruptions over a prolonged period could result in further inventory receipt delays and/or higher freight costs in the near-term and beyond. 
 The global economy has also been negatively impacted by ongoing military conflicts taking place in various parts of the world, most notably the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas wars, other recent hostilities in the Middle East, and militant attacks on cargo vessels in the Red Sea. Although our voluntary decision to suspend operations in Russia has not resulted in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements and our ongoing operations in Israel are also not material, our business has been, and may continue to be, impacted by the broader macroeconomic implications resulting from these and other military conflicts, including inflationary pressures, unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, increases in energy prices, food shortages, and volatility in financial markets, among other factors, which have adversely impacted consumer sentiment and 
 39 

confidence. It is not clear at this time how long these conflicts will endure, or if they will escalate further with additional countries declaring war against each other, which could further amplify the impacts of the various macroeconomic factors described above and potentially result in a global recession. 
 We have implemented various strategies globally to help address many of these current challenges and continue to build a foundation for long-term profitable growth centered around strengthening our consumer-facing areas of product, stores, and marketing across channels and driving a more efficient operating model. Our strategy for mitigating inflationary pressures includes numerous levers, including our commitment to driving average unit retail growth, leveraging our diversified supply chain and strong supplier relationships, elevating our product sustainability efforts, and leveraging our in-house quality control to reduce time and cost from the manufacturing process, among other efforts. We have also taken earlier receipts of inventory and strategically utilized faster means of transportation (i.e., air freight) when necessary to maximize full-price selling windows, as well as diverted certain near-term shipments to U.S. West Coast ports to mitigate risk should strikes on the East and Gulf Coasts resume on January 15, 2025. While we remain agile and mindful of the increasingly competitive promotional environment, we plan to continue driving our broader long-term strategy of brand elevation, which includes multiple levers to continue driving average unit retail growth and brand equity. 
 We will continue to monitor these conditions and trends and will evaluate and adjust our operating strategies and foreign currency and cost management opportunities to help mitigate the related impacts on our results of operations, while remaining focused on the long-term growth of our business and protecting and elevating the value of our brand. 
 For a detailed discussion of significant risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations, see Part I, Item 1A " Risk Factors " in our Fiscal 2024 10-K. 
 Summary of Financial Performance 
 Operating Results 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, we reported net revenues of 1.726 billion, net income of 147.9 million, and net income per diluted share of 2.31, as compared to net revenues of 1.633 billion, net income of 146.9 million, and net income per diluted share of 2.19 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the six months ended September 28, 2024, we reported net revenues of 3.238 billion, net income of 316.5 million, and net income per diluted share of 4.93, as compared to net revenues of 3.130 billion, net income of 279.0 million, and net income per diluted share of 4.15 during the six months ended September 30, 2023. The comparability of our operating results has been affected by net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits). We also continue to experience varying degrees of business disruptions resulting from the current macroeconomic environment, including global supply chain disruptions resulting from organized labor disputes, inflationary pressures, ongoing military conflicts taking place in various parts of the world, and foreign currency volatility, among other factors. 
 Our operating performance for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year periods reflected revenue increases of 5.7 and 3.5 , respectively, on a reported basis and 5.6 and 4.3 , respectively, on a constant currency basis, as defined within " Transactions and Trends Affecting Comparability of Results of Operations and Financial Condition " below. Net revenue growth was led by our direct-to-consumer channels and international businesses. 
 Our gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased by 150 basis points to 67.0 during the three months ended September 28, 2024 and by 140 basis points to 68.6 during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal year periods, primarily driven by favorable product, channel, and geographic mix shifts, lower cotton costs, and average unit retail ("AUR") growth, partially offset by higher other non-freight-related product costs. 
 Selling, general, and administrative ("SG A") expenses as a percentage of net revenues during the three months ended September 28, 2024 increased by 60 basis points to 55.5 and by 60 basis points to 55.8 during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year periods, largely attributable to geographic and channel mix resulting from growth of our international and retail businesses which typically carry higher operating expense margins, as well as increases across various expense categories, including higher marketing investments due to the planned timing of key campaign events. 
 40 

Net income increased by 1.0 million to 147.9 million during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 14.4 million increase in our operating income and an 8.2 million increase in non-operating income, net, partially offset by a 21.6 million increase in our income tax provision. Net income per diluted share increased by 0.12 to 2.31 per share during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding and the higher level of net income. Net income increased by 37.5 million to 316.5 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 56.5 million increase in our operating income and a 12.1 million increase in our non-operating income, net, partially offset by a 31.1 million increase in our income tax provision. Net income per diluted share increased by 0.78 to 4.93 per share during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023, driven by the higher level of net income and lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding. 
 Our operating results during each of the three-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 18.4 million and 7.2 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by 14.2 million, or 0.23 per diluted share, and 5.8 million, or 0.09 per diluted share, respectively. During the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, our operating results were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 25.8 million and 40.9 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by 20.2 million, or 0.31 per diluted share, and 31.7 million, or 0.46 per diluted share, respectively. Net income during both the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 also reflected an income tax benefit of 11.8 million, or 0.18 and 0.17 per diluted share, respectively, recorded in connection with non-recurring income tax events. 
 Financial Condition and Liquidity 
 We ended the second quarter of Fiscal 2025 in a net cash and short-term investments position (calculated as cash and cash equivalents, plus short-term investments, less total debt) of 548.2 million, as compared to 642.7 million as of the end of Fiscal 2024. The decrease in our net cash and short-term investments position was primarily due to our use of cash to support Class A common stock repurchases of 330.2 million, including withholdings in satisfaction of tax obligations for stock-based compensation awards, to make dividend payments of 98.9 million, and to invest in our business through 75.1 million in capital expenditures, partially offset by our operating cash flows of 374.5 million and the favorable effect of exchange rate changes of 36.8 million primarily related to our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 374.5 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to 343.6 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. The net increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to an increase in net income before non-cash charges, partially offset by a net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, as compared to the prior fiscal year period. 
 Our equity decreased to 2.442 billion as of September 28, 2024 compared to 2.450 billion as of March 30, 2024 due to our share repurchase activity and dividends declared during the six months ended September 28, 2024, partially offset by our comprehensive income and the net impact of stock-based compensation arrangements. 
 Transactions and Trends Affecting Comparability of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 The comparability of our operating results for the three-month and six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 has been affected by certain events, including: 
 pretax charges incurred in connection with our restructuring activities, as well as certain other benefits (charges), as summarized below (references to "Notes" are to the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements): 
 Three Months Ended Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (millions) Restructuring and other charges, net (see Note 7) 
 (18.4) (9.3) (25.8) (44.9) Non-routine inventory benefits (a) 
 1.8 3.6 Non-routine bad debt expense reversals (b) 
 0.3 0.4 Total charges, net (18.4) (7.2) (25.8) (40.9) 
 41 

(a) Non-routine inventory benefits are recorded within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. The benefits recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily related to reversals of amounts previously recognized in connection with delays in U.S. customs shipment reviews and approvals. The benefits recorded during the six months ended September 30, 2023 primarily related to reversals of amounts previously recognized in connection with delays in U.S. customs shipment reviews and approvals (approximately 3 million) and the COVID-19 pandemic (approximately 1 million). 
 (b) Non-routine bad debt expense reversals are recorded within SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The reversals recorded during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 primarily related to charges previously recognized in connection with the Russia-Ukraine war. 
 a one-time tax benefit of 11.8 million recorded within our income tax provision during the second quarter of Fiscal 2024 in connection with Swiss tax reform and the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, which decreased our effective tax rate by 710 basis points and 350 basis points during the three-month and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Because we are a global company, the comparability of our operating results reported in U.S. Dollars is also affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations because the underlying currencies in which we transact change in value over time compared to the U.S. Dollar. Such fluctuations can have a significant effect on our reported results. As such, in addition to financial measures prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("U.S. GAAP"), our discussions often contain references to constant currency measures, which are calculated by translating current-year and prior-year reported amounts into comparable amounts using a single foreign exchange rate for each currency. We present constant currency financial information, which is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, as a supplement to our reported operating results. We use constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our businesses performed excluding the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We believe this information is useful to investors for facilitating comparisons of operating results and better identifying trends in our businesses. The constant currency performance measures should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of or superior to, our operating performance measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reconciliations between this non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure are included in the "Results of Operations" section where applicable. 
 Our discussion also includes reference to comparable store sales. Comparable store sales refer to the change in sales of our stores that have been open for at least 13 full fiscal months. Sales from our digital commerce sites are also included within comparable sales for those geographies that have been serviced by the related site for at least 13 full fiscal months. Sales for stores or digital commerce sites that are closed or shut down during the year are excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales. Sales for stores that are either relocated, enlarged (as defined by gross square footage expansion of 25 or greater), or generally closed for 30 or more consecutive days for renovation are also excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales until such stores have been operating in their new location or in their newly renovated state for at least 13 full fiscal months. All comparable store sales metrics are calculated on a constant currency basis. 
 Our "Results of Operations" discussion that follows includes the significant changes in operating results arising from these items affecting comparability. However, unusual items or transactions may occur in any period. Accordingly, investors and other financial statement users should consider the types of events and transactions that have affected operating trends. 
 42 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations and expresses the percentage relationship to net revenues of certain financial statement captions. All percentages shown in the below table and the discussion that follows have been calculated using unrounded numbers. 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change / bps Change (millions, except per share data) Net revenues 
 1,726.0 1,633.0 93.0 5.7 Cost of goods sold (570.3) (562.9) (7.4) 1.3 Gross profit 
 1,155.7 1,070.1 85.6 8.0 Gross profit as of net revenues 67.0 65.5 150 bps Selling, general, and administrative expenses (958.4) (896.3) (62.1) 6.9 SG A expenses as of net revenues 55.5 54.9 60 bps Restructuring and other charges, net (18.4) (9.3) (9.1) 97.6 Operating income 
 178.9 164.5 14.4 8.8 Operating income as of net revenues 10.4 10.1 30 bps Interest expense (11.4) (10.0) (1.4) 14.1 Interest income 17.9 15.8 2.1 13.2 Other income (expense), net 2.7 (4.8) 7.5 NM Income before income taxes 
 188.1 165.5 22.6 13.6 Income tax provision (40.2) (18.6) (21.6) 116.1 Effective tax rate (a) 
 21.4 11.2 1,020 bps Net income 
 147.9 146.9 1.0 0.6 Net income per common share: Basic 
 2.36 2.24 0.12 5.4 Diluted 
 2.31 2.19 0.12 5.5 
 
 (a) Effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the income tax provision by income before income taxes. 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 Net Revenues. Net revenues increased by 93.0 million, or 5.7 , to 1.726 billion during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting growth across all of our reportable segments. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 92.2 million, or 5.6 . 
 The following table summarizes the percentage change in our consolidated comparable store sales for the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year period: 
 Change Digital commerce 5 Brick and mortar 11 Total comparable store sales 10 
 43 

Our global average store count decreased by 21 stores and concession shops during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, largely driven by strategic store closures in Asia and North America. The following table details our retail store presence by segment as of the periods presented: 
 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Freestanding Stores: North America 228 236 Europe 104 104 Asia 238 224 Total freestanding stores 570 564 Concession Shops: North America 1 1 Europe 27 27 Asia 654 682 Total concession shops 682 710 Total stores 1,252 1,274 
 In addition to our stores, we sell products online in North America, Europe, and Asia through our various digital commerce sites, as well as through our Polo mobile apps in the U.S. We also sell products online through various third-party digital partner commerce sites, primarily in Asia. 
 Net revenues for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's net revenues from the comparable prior fiscal year period, are provided below: 
 Three Months Ended Change Foreign Exchange Impact Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 As Reported Constant Currency As Reported Constant Currency (millions) Net Revenues: North America 739.5 717.8 21.7 (0.4) 22.1 3.0 3.1 Europe 565.9 526.8 39.1 5.7 33.4 7.4 6.3 Asia 380.2 348.4 31.8 (4.5) 36.3 9.1 10.4 Other non-reportable segments 40.4 40.0 0.4 0.4 0.9 0.9 Total net revenues 1,726.0 1,633.0 93.0 0.8 92.2 5.7 5.6 
 North America net revenues Net revenues increased by 21.7 million, or 3.0 , during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 22.1 million, or 3.1 . 
 The 21.7 million increase in North America net revenues was driven by: 
 a 29.5 million increase related to our North America retail business. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 29.8 million, reflecting increases of 25.4 million in comparable store sales and 4.4 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our North America retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce (2 Brick and mortar 9 Total comparable store sales 6 
 44 

This increase was partially offset by a 7.8 million decline related to our North America wholesale business primarily driven by planned reductions in excess product sales within the off-price wholesale channel. 
 Europe net revenues Net revenues increased by 39.1 million, or 7.4 , during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 33.4 million, or 6.3 . 
 The 39.1 million increase in Europe net revenues was driven by: 
 a 34.5 million increase related to our Europe retail business, inclusive of favorable foreign currency effects of 2.6 million. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 31.9 million, primarily driven by an increase of 32.0 million in comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our Europe retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 14 Brick and mortar 15 Total comparable store sales 15 
 a 4.6 million increase related to our Europe wholesale business largely driven by favorable foreign currency effects of 3.1 million and stronger re-order trends more than offsetting a timing shift of inventory receipts into the second half of the fiscal year. 
 Asia net revenues Net revenues increased by 31.8 million, or 9.1 , during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 36.3 million, or 10.4 . 
 The 31.8 million increase in Asia net revenues was driven by: 
 a 38.1 million increase related to our Asia retail business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of 4.2 million. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 42.3 million, reflecting increases of 29.4 million in comparable store sales and 12.9 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our Asia retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 19 Brick and mortar 10 Total comparable store sales 11 
 This increase was partially offset by a 6.3 million decline related to our Asia wholesale business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of 0.3 million. 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit increased by 85.6 million, or 8.0 , to 1.156 billion for the three months ended September 28, 2024, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of 2.3 million. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased to 67.0 for the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 65.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 150 basis point increase was primarily driven by favorable product, channel, and geographic mix shifts, lower cotton costs, and AUR growth, partially offset by higher other non-freight-related product costs. 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues is dependent upon a variety of factors, including changes in the relative sales mix among distribution channels, changes in the mix of products sold, pricing, the timing and level of promotional activities, foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in product costs. These factors, among others, may cause gross profit as a percentage of net revenues to fluctuate from period to period. 
 45 

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses include costs relating to compensation and benefits, marketing and advertising, rent and occupancy, distribution, information technology, legal, depreciation and amortization, bad debt, and other selling and administrative costs. SG A expenses increased by 62.1 million, or 6.9 , to 958.4 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of 1.5 million. SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased to 55.5 for the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 54.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 60 basis point increase was largely attributable to geographic and channel mix resulting from growth of our international and retail businesses which typically carry higher operating expense margins, as well as increases across various expense categories, including higher marketing investments due to the planned timing of key campaign events. 
 The 62.1 million increase in SG A expenses was driven by: 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (millions) SG A expense category: Compensation-related expenses 26.2 Marketing and advertising expenses 17.6 Rent and occupancy expenses 8.9 Non-income-related taxes 8.9 Other 0.5 Total increase in SG A expenses 62.1 
 Restructuring and Other Charges, Net. During the three-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we recorded restructuring charges of 9.0 million and 6.8 million, respectively, as well as other charges of 4.1 million and 4.5 million, respectively, primarily related to rent and occupancy costs associated with certain previously exited real estate locations for which the related lease agreements have not yet expired. In addition, during the three months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded other charges of 5.7 million in connection with our Next Generation Transformation project (refer to "Recent Developments" for additional discussion) and other income of 0.4 million and 2.0 million during the three-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, related to consideration received from Regent, L.P. in connection with our previously sold Club Monaco business. See Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Operating Income. Operating income increased by 14.4 million, or 8.8 , to 178.9 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, reflecting unfavorable foreign currency effects of 3.8 million. Our operating results during the three-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 18.4 million and 7.2 million, respectively. Operating income as a percentage of net revenues was 10.4 for the three months ended September 28, 2024, reflecting a 30 basis point increase from the prior fiscal year period. The increase in operating income as a percentage of net revenues was primarily driven by the increase in our gross margin, partially offset by the increase in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues, as well as higher net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) recorded during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year period, all as previously discussed. 
 46 

Operating income and margin for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes i n each reportable segment's operating margin from the comparable prior fiscal year period, are provided below: 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating Income Operating Margin Operating Income Operating Margin Change Margin Change (millions) (millions) (millions) Segment: North America 121.9 16.5 110.2 15.4 11.7 110 bps Europe 145.9 25.8 132.4 25.1 13.5 70 bps Asia 86.3 22.7 68.4 19.6 17.9 310 bps Other non-reportable segments 33.5 82.9 34.1 85.2 (0.6) (230 bps) 387.6 345.1 42.5 Unallocated corporate expenses (190.3) (171.3) (19.0) Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net (18.4) (9.3) (9.1) Total operating income 178.9 10.4 164.5 10.1 14.4 30 bps 
 North America operating margin improved by 110 basis points, primarily due to the net favorable impact of approximately 170 basis points driven by an increase in gross margin and a decrease in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues. This overall improvement in operating margin was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of approximately 30 basis points attributable to channel mix and the unfavorable impact of 30 basis points attributable to the absence of non-routine inventory benefits during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to those recorded during the prior fiscal year period. 
 Europe operating margin improved by 70 basis points, primarily due to the net favorable impact of approximately 130 basis points driven by an increase in gross margin and a decrease in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues. This overall improvement in operating margin was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of 40 basis points attributable to channel mix, as well as unfavorable foreign currency effects of 20 basis points. 
 Asia operating margin improved by 310 basis points, primarily due to the net favorable impact of approximately 440 basis points driven by a decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues and an increase in gross margin. This overall improvement in operating margin was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 80 basis points and the unfavorable impact of approximately 50 basis points attributable to channel mix. 
 Unallocated corporate expenses increased by 19.0 million to 190.3 million during the three months ended September 28, 2024. The increase in unallocated corporate expenses was due to higher compensation-related expenses of 11.0 million, higher non-income taxes of 9.0 million, and higher marketing and advertising expenses of 7.9 million, partially offset by lower rent and occupancy expenses of 5.2 million and lower other expenses of 3.7 million. 
 Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net increased by 9.1 million to 18.4 million during the three months ended September 28, 2024, as previously discussed above and in Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Non-operating Income (Expense), Net. Non-operating income (expense), net is comprised of interest expense, interest income, and other income (expense), net, which includes foreign currency gains (losses), equity in income (losses) from our equity-method investees, and other non-operating expenses. During the three months ended September 28, 2024, we reported non-operating income, net, of 9.2 million as compared to 1.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 8.2 million increase in non-operating income, net was mainly due to a 7.5 million increase in other income (expense), net primarily driven by higher net foreign currency gains during the three months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year period. 
 47 

Income Tax Provision. The income tax provision represents federal, foreign, state and local income taxes. Our effective tax rate will change from period to period based on various factors including, but not limited to, the geographic mix of earnings, the timing and amount of foreign dividends, enacted tax legislation, state and local taxes, tax audit findings and settlements, and the interaction of various global tax strategies. 
 The income tax provision and effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 were 40.2 million and 21.4 , respectively, as compared to 18.6 million and 11.2 , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 21.6 million increase in our income tax provision was primarily driven by the absence of a one-time tax benefit of 11.8 million recorded during the second quarter of Fiscal 2024 in connection with Swiss tax reform and the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, which lowered our prior fiscal year period effective tax rate by 710 basis points, as well as an increase in our pretax income. The increase in our effective tax rate was also due to the absence of a prior year deferred tax benefit recognized as a result of tax rate changes enacted in the prior year period. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Net Income. Net income increased to 147.9 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024, from 146.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 1.0 million increase in net income was due to the increases in our operating income and non-operating income, net, partially offset by an increase in our income tax provision, all as previously discussed. Our operating results during the three-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) of 18.4 million and 7.2 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by 14.2 million and 5.8 million, respectively. Net income during the three months ended September 30, 2023 also reflected an income tax benefit of 11.8 million recorded in connection with Swiss tax reform and the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, as previously discussed. 
 Net Income per Diluted Share. Net income per diluted share increased to 2.31 for the three months ended September 28, 2024, from 2.19 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.12 per share increase was primarily driven by lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding during the three months ended September 28, 2024 driven by our share repurchases during the last twelve months, and the higher level of net income, as previously discussed. Net income per diluted share for the three-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were also negatively impacted by 0.23 per share and 0.09 per share, respectively, attributable to net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits), as previously discussed. Net income per diluted share during the three months ended September 30, 2023 was also favorably impacted by 0.18 due to an income tax benefit recorded in connection with Swiss tax reform and the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, as previously discussed. 
 
 48 

Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 Compared to Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations and expresses the percentage relationship to net revenues of certain financial statement captions. All percentages shown in the below table and the discussion that follows have been calculated using unrounded numbers. 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change / bps Change (millions, except per share data) Net revenues 
 3,238.2 3,129.5 108.7 3.5 Cost of goods sold (1,016.7) (1,027.4) 10.7 (1.0 Gross profit 
 2,221.5 2,102.1 119.4 5.7 Gross profit as of net revenues 68.6 67.2 140 bps Selling, general, and administrative expenses (1,808.3) (1,726.3) (82.0) 4.7 SG A expenses as of net revenues 55.8 55.2 60 bps Restructuring and other charges, net (25.8) (44.9) 19.1 (42.5 Operating income 
 387.4 330.9 56.5 17.1 Operating income as of net revenues 12.0 10.6 140 bps Interest expense (22.3) (20.0) (2.3) 11.6 Interest income 38.0 31.5 6.5 20.6 Other income (expense), net 1.6 (6.3) 7.9 NM Income before income taxes 
 404.7 336.1 68.6 20.4 Income tax provision (88.2) (57.1) (31.1) 54.4 Effective tax rate (a) 
 21.8 17.0 480 bps Net income 
 316.5 279.0 37.5 13.4 Net income per common share: Basic 
 5.03 4.24 0.79 18.6 Diluted 
 4.93 4.15 0.78 18.8 
 
 (a) Effective tax rate is calculated by dividing the income tax provision by income before income taxes. 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 Net Revenues. Net revenues increased by 108.7 million, or 3.5 , to 3.238 billion during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023, driven by our direct-to-consumer channels and international businesses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 25.3 million. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 134.0 million, or 4.3 . 
 The following table summarizes the percentage change in our consolidated comparable store sales for the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year period: 
 Change Digital commerce 5 Brick and mortar 8 Total comparable store sales 7 
 Our global average store count decreased by 18 stores and concession shops during the six months ended September 28, 2024 compared with the six months ended September 30, 2023, largely driven by strategic store closures in North America and Asia. 
 49 

Net revenues for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's net revenues from the comparable prior fiscal year period, are provided below: 
 Six Months Ended Change Foreign Exchange Impact Change Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 As Reported Constant Currency As Reported Constant Currency (millions) Net Revenues: North America 1,347.7 1,349.5 (1.8) (0.9) (0.9) (0.1 (0.1 Europe 1,045.0 977.3 67.7 2.0 65.7 6.9 6.7 Asia 771.1 725.9 45.2 (26.4) 71.6 6.2 9.9 Other non-reportable segments 74.4 76.8 (2.4) (2.4) (3.1 (3.1 Total net revenues 3,238.2 3,129.5 108.7 (25.3) 134.0 3.5 4.3 
 North America net revenues Net revenues decreased by 1.8 million, or 0.1 , during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023. On a constant currency basis, net revenues decreased by 0.9 million, or 0.1 . 
 The 1.8 million decline in North America net revenues was driven by: 
 a 37.0 million decline related to our North America wholesale business primarily driven by planned reductions in excess product sales within the off-price wholesale channel. 
 This decline was partially offset by: 
 a 35.2 million increase related to our North America retail business. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 35.9 million, reflecting increases of 29.8 million in comparable store sales and 6.1 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our North America retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce (3 Brick and mortar 6 Total comparable store sales 4 
 Europe net revenues Net revenues increased by 67.7 million, or 6.9 , during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 65.7 million, or 6.7 . 
 The 67.7 million increase in Europe net revenues was driven by: 
 a 52.9 million increase related to our Europe retail business, inclusive of favorable foreign currency effects of 0.6 million. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 52.3 million, reflecting increases of 50.3 million in comparable store sales and 2.0 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our Europe retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 14 Brick and mortar 11 Total comparable store sales 12 
 a 14.8 million increase related to our Europe wholesale business largely driven by stronger re-order trends and favorable foreign currency effects of 1.4 million more than offsetting the negative impacts from timing of inventory receipt shifts. 
 50 

Asia net revenues Net revenues increased by 45.2 million, or 6.2 , during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2023. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 71.6 million, or 9.9 . 
 The 45.2 million increase in Asia net revenues was driven by: 
 a 56.8 million increase related to our Asia retail business, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of 24.9 million. On a constant currency basis, net revenues increased by 81.7 million, reflecting increases of 55.4 million in comparable store sales and 26.3 million in non-comparable store sales. The following table summarizes the percentage change in comparable store sales related to our Asia retail business: 
 Change Digital commerce 20 Brick and mortar 9 Total comparable store sales 10 
 This increase was partially offset by an 11.6 million decline related to our Asia wholesale business, reflecting decreases most notably in South Korea and Japan, inclusive of unfavorable foreign currency effects of 1.5 million. 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit increased by 119.4 million, or 5.7 , to 2.222 billion for the six months ended September 28, 2024, including unfavorable foreign currency effects of 27.1 million. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased to 68.6 for the six months ended September 28, 2024 from 67.2 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 140 basis point increase was primarily driven by favorable product, channel, and geographic mix shifts, lower cotton costs, and AUR growth, partially offset by higher other non-freight-related product costs and unfavorable foreign currency effects. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses. SG A expenses increased by 82.0 million, or 4.7 , to 1.808 billion for the six months ended September 28, 2024, including favorable foreign currency effects of 12.3 million. SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased to 55.8 for the six months ended September 28, 2024 from 55.2 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 60 basis point increase was largely attributable to geographic and channel mix resulting from growth of our international and retail businesses which typically carry higher operating expense margins, as well as increases across various expense categories, including higher marketing investments due to the planned timing of key campaign events. 
 The 82.0 million increase in SG A expenses was driven by: 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 Compared to Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (millions) SG A expense category: Marketing and advertising expenses 34.0 Compensation-related expenses 25.3 Non-income-related taxes 12.1 Rent and occupancy expenses 8.0 Other 2.6 Total increase in SG A expenses 82.0 
 Restructuring and Other Charges, Net. During the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we recorded net restructuring charges of 12.3 million and 37.3 million, respectively, primarily consisting of severance and benefits costs, as well as other charges of 6.9 million and 9.6 million, respectively, primarily related to rent and occupancy costs associated with certain previously exited real estate locations in connection with our restructuring activities for which the related lease agreements have not yet expired. In addition, during the six months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded other charges of 8.0 million in connection with our Next Generation Transformation project (refer to "Recent Developments" for additional discussion) and recorded other income of 1.4 million and 2.0 million during the six-month 
 51 

periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, related to consideration received from Regent, L.P. in connection with our previously sold Club Monaco business. See Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Operating Income. Operating income increased by 56.5 million, or 17.1 , to 387.4 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, reflecting unfavorable foreign currency effects of 14.8 million. Our operating results during the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 25.8 million and 40.9 million, respectively. Operating income as a percentage of net revenues was 12.0 for the six months ended September 28, 2024, reflecting a 140 basis point increase from the prior fiscal year period. The increase in operating income as a percentage of net revenues was primarily driven by the increase in our gross margin, as well as lower net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) recorded during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year period, partially offset by the increase in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues, all as previously discussed. 
 Operating income and margin for our segments, as well as a discussion of the changes in each reportable segment's operating margin from the comparable prior fiscal year period, are provided below: 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating Income Operating Margin Operating Income Operating Margin Change Margin Change (millions) (millions) (millions) Segment: North America 241.7 17.9 235.5 17.4 6.2 50 bps Europe 266.5 25.5 229.6 23.5 36.9 200 bps Asia 193.5 25.1 161.7 22.3 31.8 280 bps Other non-reportable segments 63.1 84.8 67.9 88.4 (4.8) (360 bps) 764.8 694.7 70.1 Unallocated corporate expenses (351.6) (318.9) (32.7) Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net (25.8) (44.9) 19.1 Total operating income 387.4 12.0 330.9 10.6 56.5 140 bps 
 North America operating margin improved by 50 basis points, primarily due to the net favorable impact of approximately 100 basis points driven by an increase in gross margin. This overall improvement in operating margin was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of approximately 30 basis points attributable to channel mix and the unfavorable impact of 20 basis points attributable to the absence of non-routine inventory benefits during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to those recorded during the prior fiscal year period. 
 Europe operating margin improved by 200 basis points, primarily due to the net favorable impact of approximately 260 basis points driven by an increase in gross margin and a decrease in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues. This overall improvement in operating margin was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 40 basis points, as well as the unfavorable impact of 20 basis points attributable to channel mix. 
 Asia operating margin improved by 280 basis points, primarily due to the net favorable impact of approximately 370 basis points largely driven by a decline in SG A expenses as a percentage of net revenues and an increase in gross margin. This overall improvement in operating margin was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects of 50 basis points and the unfavorable impact of approximately 40 basis points attributable to channel mix. 
 Unallocated corporate expenses increased by 32.7 million to 351.6 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024. The increase in unallocated corporate expenses was due to higher marketing and advertising expenses of 15.8 million, higher non-income taxes of 12.1 million, higher compensation-related expenses of 9.0 million, and higher other expenses of 7.1 million, partially offset by lower rent and occupancy expenses of 11.3 million. 
 Unallocated restructuring and other charges, net decreased by 19.1 million to 25.8 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as previously discussed above and in Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Non-operating Income (Expense), Net. During the six months ended September 28, 2024, we reported non-operating income, net of 17.3 million as compared to 5.2 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 12.1 million increase in non-operating income, net was mainly driven by: 
 a 7.9 million increase in other income (expense), net primarily driven by higher net foreign currency gains during the six months ended September 28, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal year period; and 
 a 6.5 million increase in interest income driven by the higher average on-hand cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balance during the current fiscal year period as compared to the prior fiscal year period and higher interest rates in financial markets. 
 Income Tax Provision. The income tax provision and effective tax rate for the six months ended September 28, 2024 were 88.2 million and 21.8 , respectively, compared to 57.1 million and 17.0 , respectively, for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 31.1 million increase in our income tax provision was primarily driven by the absence of a one-time tax benefit of 11.8 million recorded during the second quarter of Fiscal 2024 in connection with Swiss tax reform and the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, which lowered our prior fiscal year period effective tax rate by 350 basis points, as well as an increase in our pretax income. The increase in our effective tax rate was also due to the absence of a prior year deferred tax benefit recognized as a result of tax rate changes enacted in the prior year period. See Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Net Income. Net income increased to 316.5 million for the six months ended September 28, 2024, from 279.0 million for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 37.5 million increase in net income was primarily due to the increases in our operating income and non-operating income, net, partially offset by an increase in our income tax provision, all as previously discussed. Our operating results during the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were negatively impacted by net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits) totaling 25.8 million and 40.9 million, respectively, which had an after-tax effect of reducing net income by 20.2 million and 31.7 million, respectively. Net income during the six months ended September 30, 2023 also reflected an income tax benefit of 11.8 million recorded in connection with Swiss tax reform and the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, as previously discussed. 
 Net Income per Diluted Share. Net income per diluted share increased to 4.93 for the six months ended September 28, 2024, from 4.15 for the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.78 per share increase was primarily driven by the higher level of net income, as previously discussed, and lower weighted-average diluted shares outstanding during the six months ended September 28, 2024 driven by our share repurchases during the last twelve months. Net income per diluted share for the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were also negatively impacted by 0.31 per share and 0.46 per share, respectively, attributable to net restructuring-related charges and certain other charges (benefits), as previously discussed. Net income per diluted share during the six months ended September 30, 2023 was also favorably impacted by 0.17 due to an income tax benefit recorded in connection with Swiss tax reform and the European Union's anti-tax avoidance directive, as previously discussed. 
 53 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 
 Financial Condition 
 The following table presents our financial condition as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024: 
 September 28, 2024 March 30, 2024 Change (millions) Cash and cash equivalents 1,355.0 1,662.2 (307.2) Short-term investments 334.7 121.0 213.7 Current portion of long-term debt (a) 
 (399.3) (399.3) Long-term debt (a) 
 (742.2) (1,140.5) 398.3 Net cash and short-term investments 
 548.2 642.7 (94.5) Equity 2,442.3 2,450.3 (8.0) 
 
 (a) See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of the carrying values of our debt. 
 The decrease in our net cash and short-term investments position at September 28, 2024 as compared to March 30, 2024 was primarily due to our use of cash to support Class A common stock repurchases of 330.2 million, including withholdings in satisfaction of tax obligations for stock-based compensation awards, to make dividend payments of 98.9 million, and to invest in our business through 75.1 million in capital expenditures, partially offset by our operating cash flows of 374.5 million and the favorable effect of exchange rate changes of 36.8 million primarily related to our cash and cash equivalents. 
 The decrease in our equity was attributable to our share repurchase activity and dividends declared during the six months ended September 28, 2024, partially offset by our comprehensive income and the net impact of stock-based compensation arrangements. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table details our cash flows for the six-month periods ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Six Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change (millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 374.5 343.6 30.9 Net cash used in investing activities (279.8) (132.9) (146.9) Net cash used in financing activities (439.9) (335.1) (104.8) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 36.8 (23.9) 60.7 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (308.4) (148.3) (160.1) 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities was 374.5 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to 343.6 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 30.9 million net increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to an increase in net income before non-cash charges, partially offset by a net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, as compared to the prior fiscal year period. 
 The net unfavorable change related to our operating assets and liabilities, including our working capital, was primarily driven by: 
 an unfavorable change in inventory driven by higher in-transit inventory, as well as higher product and freight costs; and 
 54 

an unfavorable change related to our accounts receivable, largely driven by a decline in wholesale net revenues and timing of cash receipts. 
 These decreases related to our operating assets and liabilities were partially offset by: 
 a favorable change in our accounts payable driven by the timing of cash payments, as well as a net favorable change in accrued liabilities largely driven by the timing of accrued inventory and accrued marketing and advertising projects, partially offset by our restructuring reserve due to a decrease in restructuring charges recorded during the current fiscal year period as compared to the prior fiscal year period. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities was 279.8 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to 132.9 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 146.9 million net increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by: 
 a 155.2 million increase in purchases of investments, less proceeds from sales and maturities of investments. During the six months ended September 28, 2024, we made net investment purchases of 205.7 million, as compared to 50.5 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 This increase in cash used in investing activities was partially offset by: 
 a 7.3 million decrease in capital expenditures. During the six months ended September 28, 2024, we spent 75.1 million on capital expenditures, as compared to 82.4 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. Our capital expenditures during the six months ended September 28, 2024 primarily related to store openings and renovations, as well as enhancements to our information technology systems. 
 Over the course of Fiscal 2025, we expect to spend approximately 250 million to 300 million on capital expenditures primarily related to store opening and renovations, as well as enhancements to our information technology systems and corporate office renovations. 
 Net Cash Used in Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities was 439.9 million during the six months ended September 28, 2024, as compared to 335.1 million during the six months ended September 30, 2023. The 104.8 million net increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by: 
 a 104.5 million increase in cash used to repurchase shares of our Class A common stock. During the six months ended September 28, 2024, we used 274.7 million to repurchase shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to our common stock repurchase program, and an additional 55.5 million in shares of our Class A common stock were surrendered or withheld in satisfaction of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of awards under our long-term stock incentive plans. On a comparative basis, during the six months ended September 30, 2023, we used 175.0 million to repurchase shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to our common stock repurchase program, and an additional 50.7 million in shares of our Class A common stock were surrendered or withheld for taxes. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are the cash flows generated from our operations, our available cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, availability under our credit and overdraft facilities and commercial paper program, and other available financing options. 
 During the six months ended September 28, 2024, we generated 374.5 million of net cash flows from our operations. As of September 28, 2024, we had 1.690 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, of which 1.359 billion were held by our subsidiaries domiciled outside the U.S. We are not dependent on foreign cash to fund our domestic operations. Undistributed foreign earnings generated on or before December 31, 2017 that were subject to the one-time mandatory transition tax in connection with U.S. tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "TCJA") are not considered to be permanently reinvested and may be repatriated to the U.S. in the future with minimal or no additional U.S. taxation. We intend to permanently reinvest undistributed foreign earnings generated after December 31, 2017 that were not subject to the one-time mandatory transition tax. However, if our plans change and we choose to repatriate post-2017 earnings to the U.S. in the future, we would be subject to applicable U.S. and foreign taxes. 
 55 

The following table presents the total availability, borrowings outstanding, and remaining availability under our credit and overdraft facilities and Commercial Paper Program as of September 28, 2024: 
 September 28, 2024 Description (a) 
 Total Availability Borrowings Outstanding Remaining Availability (millions) Global Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program (b) 
 750 12 (c) 
 738 Pan-Asia Credit Facilities 36 36 Japan Overdraft Facility 35 35 
 
 (a) As defined in Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 (b) Borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program are supported by the Global Credit Facility. Accordingly, we do not expect combined borrowings outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program and the Global Credit Facility to exceed 750 million. 
 (c) Represents outstanding letters of credit for which we were contingently liable under the Global Credit Facility as of September 28, 2024. 
 We believe that the Global Credit Facility is adequately diversified with no undue concentration in any one financial institution. In particular, as of September 28, 2024, there were seven financial institutions participating in the Global Credit Facility, with no one participant maintaining a maximum commitment percentage in excess of 20 . In accordance with the terms of the agreement, we have the ability to expand our borrowing availability under the Global Credit Facility to 1.500 billion through the full term of the facility, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders under the facility to increase their commitments. 
 Borrowings under the Pan-Asia Credit Facilities and Japan Overdraft Facility (collectively, the "Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities") are guaranteed by the parent company and are granted at the sole discretion of the participating banks (as described within Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), subject to availability of the respective banks' funds and satisfaction of certain regulatory requirements. We have no reason to believe that the participating institutions will be unable to fulfill their obligations to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the Global Credit Facility and the Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities in the event of our election to draw additional funds in the foreseeable future. 
 Our sources of liquidity are used to fund our ongoing cash requirements, including working capital requirements, global retail store and digital commerce expansion, construction and renovation of shop-within-shops, investment in infrastructure, including technology, acquisitions, payment of dividends, debt repayments, Class A common stock repurchases, settlement of contingent liabilities (including uncertain tax positions), and other corporate activities, including our restructuring actions. We believe that our existing sources of cash, the availability under our credit facilities, and our ability to access capital markets will be sufficient to support our operating, capital, and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future, the ongoing development of our businesses, and our plans for further business expansion. However, prolonged periods of adverse economic conditions or business disruptions in any of our key regions, or a combination thereof, such as those resulting from pandemic diseases and other catastrophic events, could impede our ability to pay our obligations as they become due or return value to our shareholders, as well as delay previously planned expenditures related to our operations. 
 See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and Note 11 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K for additional information relating to our credit facilities. 
 Supplier Finance Program 
 We support a voluntary supplier finance program which provides certain of our inventory suppliers the opportunity, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables due from us (which are generally due within 90 days) to a participating financial institution in exchange for receipt of a discounted payment amount made earlier than the payment term stipulated between us and the supplier. Our vendor payment terms and amounts due are not impacted by a supplier's decision to participate in the program. We have not pledged any assets and do not provide guarantees under the supplier finance program. Our payment obligations outstanding under our supplier finance program were 215.5 million and 129.2 million as of September 28, 2024 and March 30, 2024, respectively, and were recorded within accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 56 

Debt and Covenant Compliance 
 In August 2018, we completed a registered public debt offering and issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due September 15, 2025, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.750 , payable semi-annually (the "3.750 Senior Notes"). In June 2020, we completed another registered public debt offering and issued an additional 500 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes that were due and repaid on June 15, 2022 with cash on hand, which bore interest at a fixed rate of 1.700 , payable semi-annually (the "1.700 Senior Notes"), and 750 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due June 15, 2030, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.950 , payable semi-annually (the "2.950 Senior Notes"). 
 The indenture and supplemental indentures governing the 3.750 Senior Notes and 2.950 Senior Notes (as supplemented, the "Indenture") contain certain covenants that restrict our ability, subject to specified exceptions, to incur certain liens; enter into sale and leaseback transactions; consolidate or merge with another party; or sell, lease, or convey all or substantially all of our property or assets to another party. However, the Indenture does not contain any financial covenants. 
 We have a credit facility that provides for a 750 million senior unsecured revolving line of credit through June 30, 2028, which may be used for working capital needs, capital expenditures, certain investments, general corporate purposes, and for funding of acquisitions, as well as used to support the issuance of letters of credit and the maintenance of the Commercial Paper Program (the "Global Credit Facility"). Borrowings under the Global Credit Facility may be denominated in U.S. Dollars and certain other currencies, including Euros, Hong Kong Dollars, and Japanese Yen. We have the ability to expand the borrowing availability under the Global Credit Facility to 1.500 billion, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders under the facility to increase their commitments. There are no mandatory reductions in borrowing ability throughout the term of the Global Credit Facility. 
 The Global Credit Facility contains a number of covenants, as described in Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of September 28, 2024, no Event of Default (as such term is defined pursuant to the Global Credit Facility) has occurred under our Global Credit Facility. The Pan-Asia Borrowing Facilities do not contain any financial covenants. 
 See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and Note 11 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K for additional information relating to our debt and covenant compliance. 
 Common Stock Repurchase Program 
 On February 2, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an expansion of our existing common stock repurchase program that allowed us to repurchase up to an additional 1.500 billion of our Class A common stock, excluding related excise taxes. As of September 28, 2024, the remaining availability under our Class A common stock repurchase program was approximately 502 million. Repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock are subject to overall business and market conditions. 
 See Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our Class A common stock repurchase program. 
 Dividends 
 We have generally maintained a regular quarterly cash dividend program on our common stock since 2003. 
 On May 16, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an increase to our quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from 0.75 to 0.825 per share. 
 We intend to continue to pay regular dividends on outstanding shares of our common stock. However, any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will ultimately be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant, including economic and market conditions. 
 See Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our quarterly cash dividend program. 
 57 

Material Cash Requirements 
 There have been no substantial changes to our material cash requirements as disclosed in our Fiscal 2024 10-K, other than those which occur in the ordinary course of business. Refer to the " Financial Condition and Liquidity Contractual and Other Obligations " section of the MD A in our Fiscal 2024 10-K for detailed disclosure of our material cash requirements as of March 30, 2024. 
 
 MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 
 As discussed in Note 13 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K and Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we are exposed to a variety of levels and types of risks, including the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on foreign currency-denominated balances, certain anticipated cash flows of our international operations, and the value of reported net assets of our foreign operations, as well as changes in the fair value of our fixed-rate debt obligations relating to fluctuations in benchmark interest rates. Accordingly, in the normal course of business we assess such risks and, in accordance with our established policies and procedures, may use derivative financial instruments to manage and mitigate them. We do not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Given our use of derivative instruments, we are exposed to the risk that the counterparties to such contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. To mitigate such counterparty credit risk, it is our policy to only enter into contracts with carefully selected financial institutions based upon an evaluation of their credit ratings and certain other factors, adhering to established limits for credit exposure. Our established policies and procedures for mitigating credit risk include ongoing review and assessment of the creditworthiness of our counterparties. We also enter into master netting arrangements with counterparties, when possible, to further mitigate credit risk. As a result of the above considerations, we do not believe that we are exposed to undue concentration of counterparty risk with respect to our derivative contracts as of September 28, 2024. However, we do have in aggregate 15.1 million of derivative instruments in net asset positions held across three creditworthy financial institutions. 
 Foreign Currency Risk Management 
 We manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates using forward foreign currency exchange and cross-currency swap contracts. Refer to Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a summary of the notional amounts and fair values of our outstanding forward foreign currency exchange and cross-currency swap contracts, as well as the impact on earnings and other comprehensive income of such instruments as of September 28, 2024. 
 Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts 
 We enter into forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate risk related to exchange rate fluctuations on inventory transactions made in an entity's non-functional currency, the settlement of foreign currency-denominated balances, and the translation of certain foreign operations' net assets into U.S. Dollars. As part of our overall strategy for managing the level of exposure to such exchange rate risk, relating primarily to the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the South Korean Won, the Australian Dollar, the Canadian Dollar, the British Pound Sterling, the Swiss Franc, and the Chinese Renminbi, we generally hedge a portion of our related exposures anticipated over the next twelve months using forward foreign currency exchange contracts with maturities of two months to one year to provide continuing coverage over the period of the respective exposure. 
 Our foreign exchange risk management activities are governed by established policies and procedures. These policies and procedures provide a framework that allows for the management of currency exposures while ensuring the activities are conducted within our established guidelines. Our policies include guidelines for the organizational structure of our risk management function and for internal controls over foreign exchange risk management activities, including, but not limited to, authorization levels, transaction limits, and credit quality controls, as well as various measurements for monitoring compliance. We monitor foreign exchange risk using different techniques, including periodic review of market values and performance of sensitivity analyses. 
 Cross-Currency Swap Contracts 
 We periodically designate pay-fixed rate, receive-fixed rate cross-currency swap contracts as hedges of our net investment in certain European subsidiaries. These contracts swap U.S. Dollar-denominated fixed interest rate payments based on the contract's notional amount and the fixed rate of interest payable on certain of our senior notes for Euro-denominated fixed interest rate payments, thereby economically converting a portion of our fixed-rate U.S. Dollar-denominated senior note obligations to fixed rate Euro-denominated obligations. 
 58 

See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our foreign currency exposures and the types of derivative instruments used to hedge those exposures. 
 Investment Risk Management 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents on-hand of 1.355 billion, consisting of deposits in interest bearing accounts, investments in money market deposit accounts, and investments in time deposits with original maturities of 90 days or less. Our other significant investments included 334.7 million of short-term investments, consisting of investments in time deposits with original maturities greater than 90 days. 
 We actively monitor our exposure to changes in the fair value of our global investment portfolio in accordance with our established policies and procedures, which include monitoring both general and issuer-specific economic conditions, as discussed in Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Our investment objectives include capital preservation, maintaining adequate liquidity, diversification to minimize liquidity and credit risk, and achievement of maximum returns within the guidelines set forth in our investment policy. See Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further detail of the composition of our investment portfolio as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 3 of the Fiscal 2024 10-K. Our estimates are often based on complex judgments, assessments of probability, and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. It is also possible that other professionals, applying reasonable judgment to the same set of facts and circumstances, could develop and support a range of alternative estimated amounts. For a complete discussion of our critical accounting policies, refer to the " Critical Accounting Policies " section of the MD A in our Fiscal 2024 10-K. 
 There have been no significant changes in the application of our critical accounting policies since March 30, 2024. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
 We performed our annual goodwill assessment using a qualitative approach as of the beginning of the second quarter of Fiscal 2025. In performing the assessment, we identified and considered the significance of relevant key factors, events, and circumstances that affected the fair values and/or carrying amounts of our reporting units with allocated goodwill. These factors included external factors such as macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, as well as entity-specific factors, such as the Company's actual and expected financial performance. Additionally, we also considered the results of our most recent quantitative goodwill impairment test, which was performed as of the beginning of the second quarter of Fiscal 2024, the results of which indicated that the fair values of these reporting units significantly exceeded their respective carrying values. Based on the results of the qualitative impairment assessment, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units are less than their respective carrying values and there were no reporting units at risk of impairment. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of certain recently issued accounting standards which have impacted our consolidated financial statements, or may impact our consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 For a discussion of the Company's exposure to market risk, see " Market Risk Management " presented in Part I, Item 2 MD A of this Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 
 59 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 We carried out an evaluation based on criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officers have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 28, 2024. 
 There has been no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 60 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Reference is made to the information disclosed under Item 3 " Legal Proceedings " in the Fiscal 2024 10-K. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Reference is made to the information disclosed under Part I, Item 1A " Risk Factors " in the Fiscal 2024 10-K, which contains a detailed discussion of certain risk factors that could materially adversely affect the Company's business, operating results, and/or financial condition. There are no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed, nor has the Company identified any previously undisclosed risks that could materially adversely affect the Company's business, operating results, and/or financial condition. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 (a) Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Shares of the Company's Class B Common Stock may be converted immediately into Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis by the holder. There is no cash or other consideration paid by the holder converting the shares and, accordingly, there is no cash or other consideration received by the Company. The shares of Class A Common Stock issued by the Company in such conversions are exempt from registration pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 No shares of the Company's Class B common stock were converted into Class A common stock during the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 (b) Not Applicable 
 (c) Stock Repurchases 
 The following table sets forth the repurchases of shares of the Company's Class A common stock during the three months ended September 28, 2024: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar 
 Value of Shares 
 That May Yet be 
 Purchased Under the 
 Plans or Programs (a) 
 (millions) June 30, 2024 to July 27, 2024 433,308 170.07 433,308 527 July 28, 2024 to August 24, 2024 288,464 (b) 
 163.25 106,223 510 August 25, 2024 to September 28, 2024 47,469 (c) 
 172.27 46,229 502 769,241 585,760 
 
 (a) Repurchases of shares of the Company's Class A common stock are subject to overall business and market conditions. 
 (b) Includes 182,241 shares surrendered to or withheld by the Company in satisfaction of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of awards issued under its long-term stock incentive plans. 
 (c) Includes 1,240 shares surrendered to or withheld by the Company in satisfaction of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of awards issued under its long-term stock incentive plans. 
 61 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act) adopted or "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements" (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) other than , , who a new Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement on Mr. Louvet's trading arrangement provides for the sale of up to an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock until March 12, 2025. 
 There were no "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements" (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) or during the three months ended September 28, 2024 by our directors and officers. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-24733) filed June 10, 1997) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed August 16, 2011) 
 3.3 Fifth Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Form 10-K filed May 23, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibits shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 62 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION By: / S / JUSTIN M. PICICCI 
 Justin M. Picicci Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 
 
 63 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rl-20240928x10qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Patrice Louvet, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ralph Lauren Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s PATRICE LOUVET Patrice Louvet President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rl-20240928x10qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Justin M. Picicci, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ralph Lauren Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s JUSTIN M. PICICCI Justin M. Picicci Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rl-20240928x10qex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification of Patrice Louvet Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ralph Lauren Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrice Louvet, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s PATRICE LOUVET Patrice Louvet President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 7, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Ralph Lauren Corporation and will be retained by Ralph Lauren Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 rl-20240928x10qex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification of Justin M. Picicci Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ralph Lauren Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Justin M. Picicci, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s JUSTIN M. PICICCI Justin M. Picicci Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date November 7, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Ralph Lauren Corporation and will be retained by Ralph Lauren Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rl-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rl-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rl-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rl-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rl-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

