<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_102212_0000102212-24-000059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23762385</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134183</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2288866</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12910600</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3952429</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3742765</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000102212-24-000059.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029162343
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000102212-24-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIVEST FINANCIAL Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000102212
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				231886144
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07617
		FILM NUMBER:		241406066

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 NORTH MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 197
		CITY:			SOUDERTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18964
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2157212400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 NORTH MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 197
		CITY:			SOUDERTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18964

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNIVEST CORP OF PENNSYLVANIA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000102212-24-000059.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 uvsp-20240930.htm
 10-Q

uvsp-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Not applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of class Trading symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 (Title of Class) (Number of shares outstanding at October 28, 2024) 

Table of Contents 

UNIVEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX 
 Page Number Part I. Financial Information: 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 20 23 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2 023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2 023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2 023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30 , 202 4 and 2 023 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 62 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 63 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 63 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 63 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 63 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 63 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 64 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 65 
 Signatures 
 66 

1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 UNIVEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except share data) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits with other banks Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities held-to-maturity (fair value and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Investment securities available-for-sale (amortized cost and , net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Investments in equity securities Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and other stock, at cost Loans held for sale Loans and leases held for investment Less: Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases ) ) Net loans and leases held for investment Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Subordinated notes Operating lease liabilities Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock, par value: shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax benefit ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 Note: See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 UNIVEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income Interest and fees on loans and leases Interest and dividends on investment securities: Taxable Exempt from federal income taxes Interest on deposits with other banks Interest and dividends on other earning assets Total interest income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on short-term borrowings Interest on long-term debt and subordinated notes Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Trust fee income Service charges on deposit accounts Investment advisory commission and fee income Insurance commission and fee income Other service fee income Bank owned life insurance income Net gain on sales of investment securities Net gain on mortgage banking activities Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries, benefits and commissions Net occupancy Equipment Data processing Professional fees Marketing and advertising Deposit insurance premiums Intangible expenses Restructuring charges Other expense Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 Note: See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 UNIVEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Before Tax Amount Tax Expense (Benefit) Net of Tax Amount Before Tax Amount Tax Expense (Benefit) Net of Tax Amount Income Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investment securities: Net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) Reversal of provision for credit losses ) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net gains on sales realized in net income ) ) ) Total net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investment securities ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps used in cash flow hedges: Net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net losses realized in net income Reclassification adjustment recorded in earnings (1) Total net unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps used in cash flow hedges ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Amortization of net actuarial gains included in net periodic pension costs (2) Total defined benefit pension plans Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 Note: See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Before Tax Amount Tax Expense (Benefit) Net of Tax Amount Before Tax Amount Tax Expense (Benefit) Net of Tax Amount Income Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investment securities: Net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) (Reversal of provision) provision for credit losses ) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net gains on sales realized in net income ) ) ) Total net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investment securities ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps used in cash flow hedges: Net unrealized holding losses arising during the period ) ) ) ) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net losses realized in net income Reclassification adjustment recorded in earnings (1) Total net unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps used in cash flow hedges ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Amortization of net actuarial gains included in net periodic pension costs (2) Total defined benefit pension plans Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 (1) Represents reclassification to earnings as a reduction to interest income of amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income on the condensed consolidated balance sheet related to the interest rate swap terminated on August 2, 2024. 
 (2) These accumulated other comprehensive loss components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (before tax amount). See Note 8, "Retirement Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits" for additional details. 
 Note: See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 UNIVEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of income tax Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and employee stock purchase plans Vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) Exercise of stock options ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax benefit ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and employee stock purchase plans ) Vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of income tax Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and employee stock purchase plans Vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) Exercise of stock options ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Treasury Stock Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax benefit ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and employee stock purchase plans ) Vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld to cover taxes ) ) Exercise of stock options ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 Note: See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 UNIVEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation of premises and equipment Net amortization of investment securities premiums and discounts Amortization, fair market value adjustments and capitalization of servicing rights ) Net gain on sales of investment securities ) Net gain on mortgage banking activities ) ) Bank owned life insurance income ) ) Stock-based compensation Intangible expenses Other adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used in operating activities ) ) Originations of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale Contributions to pension and other postretirement benefit plans ) ) Increase in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal repayments of securities held-to-maturity Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal repayments of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Purchases of investment securities held-to-maturity ) ) Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of equity securities Purchases of money market mutual funds ) ) Net decrease (increase) in other investments ) Proceeds from sale of loans originally held-for-investment Net increase in loans and leases ) ) Proceeds from sales of foreclosed / repossessed assets Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Payment of contingent consideration on acquisitions ) ) Payment for shares withheld to cover taxes on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) Stock issued under dividend reinvestment and employee stock purchase plans Proceeds from exercise of stock options Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Non cash transactions: Transfer of loans to other real estate owned Transfer of leases to repossessed assets Transfer of loans to loans held for sale 
 Note: See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 UNIVEST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 

10 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 
 Denominator for basic earnings per share weighted-average shares outstanding 
 Effect of dilutive securities stock options and restricted stock units Denominator for diluted earnings per share adjusted weighted-average shares outstanding 
 Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Average antidilutive options and restricted stock units excluded from computation of diluted earnings per share 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3. 
 
 ) After 5 years to 10 years ) Over 10 years ) ) Total ) Securities Available-for-Sale State and political subdivisions: Within 1 year ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities: After 1 year to 5 years ) After 5 years to 10 years ) Over 10 years ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations: After 5 years to 10 years ) Over 10 years ) ) Corporate bonds: Within 1 year ) ) After 1 year to 5 years ) ) After 5 years to 10 years ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) After 5 years to 10 years ) Over 10 years ) ) Total ) Securities Available-for-Sale State and political subdivisions: Within 1 year ) After 1 year to 5 years ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities: After 1 year to 5 years ) After 5 years to 10 years ) Over 10 years ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations: After 5 years to 10 years ) Over 10 years ) ) Corporate bonds: Within 1 year ) ) After 1 year to 5 years ) ) After 5 years to 10 years ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Gross unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and changes in the allowance for credit loss are recorded in provision for credit loss expense. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because debt issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without call or prepayment penalties and mortgage-backed securities typically prepay at a rate faster than contractually due. 
 
 Securities with a carrying value of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged to secure public funds deposits and contingency funding. There were pledged securities to secure credit derivatives and interest rate swaps at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. See Note 11, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" for additional information. 
 
 Gross realized gains on sales Tax expense related to net realized gains on sales 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were reportable investments in any single issuer representing more than of shareholders equity. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Total ) ) Securities Available-for-Sale Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Total ) ) At December 31, 2023 Securities Held-to-Maturity Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Securities Available-for-Sale State and political subdivisions ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the fair value of held-to-maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for which an allowance for credit losses has not been recorded was million, including unrealized losses of million. These holdings were comprised of federal agency mortgage-backed securities, which are U.S. government entities and agencies and are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major rating agencies and have a long history of no credit losses. The Corporation did not recognize any credit losses on held-to-maturity debt securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the fair value of available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position for which an allowance for credit losses has not been recorded was million, including unrealized losses of million. These holdings were comprised of: (1) federal agency mortgage-backed securities, which are U.S. government entities and agencies and are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major rating agencies and have a long history of no credit losses; (2) collateralized mortgage obligation bonds, and (3) investment grade corporate bond. The Corporation does not intend to sell the securities in an unrealized loss position and is unlikely to be required to sell these securities before a recovery of fair value, which may be maturity. The Corporation concluded that the negative fair value of these securities was not indicative of a credit loss. Accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale debt securities totaled million at September 30, 2024 and is included within Accrued interest receivable and other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. This amount is excluded from the estimate of expected credit losses. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents Change in securities for which a previous expected credit loss was recognized Ending balance ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Securities Available-for-Sale Beginning balance ) Additions for securities for which no previous expected credit losses were recognized ) Change in securities for which a previous expected credit loss was recognized ) Ending balance ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the fair value of available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position for which an allowance for credit losses has been recorded was million, including unrealized losses of million, and allowance for credit losses of thousand. These holdings were comprised of investment grade corporate bonds and municipal bond, all of which fluctuate in value based on changes in market conditions. For these securities, fluctuations were primarily due to changes in the interest rate environment. The Corporation does not intend to sell these securities and it is not likely that it will be required to sell the securities before their anticipated recovery. The underlying issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments on the securities. 
 
 ) Less: Net losses recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period ) Unrealized (losses) recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the reporting date ) 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 
 Real estate-commercial Real estate-construction Real estate-residential secured for business purpose Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total loans and leases held for investment, net of deferred income Less: Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases ) ) Net loans and leases held for investment Imputed interest on lease financings, included in the above table ) ) Net deferred costs, included in the above table Overdraft deposits included in the above table 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Real estate commercial real estate and construction: Commercial real estate Construction Real estate residential and home equity: Residential secured for business purpose Residential secured for personal purpose Home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total 
 Accruing Loans and Leases (Dollars in thousands) 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or more Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Accruing Loans and Leases Nonaccrual Loans and Leases Total Loans and Leases Held for Investment At December 31, 2023 Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate commercial real estate and construction: Commercial real estate Construction Real estate residential and home equity: Residential secured for business purpose Residential secured for personal purpose Home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Loans and leases held for investment: Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate commercial real estate and construction: Commercial real estate Construction Real estate residential and home equity: Residential secured for business purpose Residential secured for personal purpose Home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Real estate-commercial Real estate-construction Real estate-residential secured for business purpose Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total At December 31, 2023 Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate-commercial Real estate-construction Real estate-residential secured for business purpose Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, thousand of interest income was recognized on nonaccrual loans and leases. 
 
 The following table presents, by class of loans and leases, the amortized cost basis of collateral-dependent nonaccrual loans and leases and type of collateral as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Real Estate Other (1) 
 None (2) 
 Total At September 30, 2024 Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate-commercial Real estate-construction Real estate-residential secured for business purpose Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total (Dollars in thousands) Real Estate Other (1) 
 None Total At December 31, 2023 Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate-commercial Real estate-construction Real estate-residential secured for business purpose Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Lease financings Total 
 (1) Collateral consists of business assets, including accounts receivable, personal property and equipment. 
 (2) Loans fully guaranteed or fully reserved given lack of collateral. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million are reviewed when necessary based on their performance, primarily when such loans are delinquent. Commercial, financial and agricultural loans, real estate-commercial loans, real estate-construction loans and real estate-residential secured for a business purpose loans with relationships greater than million are reviewed at least annually. Loan relationships with a higher risk profile or classified as special mention or substandard are reviewed at least quarterly. The Corporation reviews credit quality key risk indicators on at least an annual basis and last completed this review in conjunction with the period ended December 31, 2023. The following is a description of the internal risk ratings and the likelihood of loss related to the credit quality of commercial, financial and agricultural loans, real estate-commercial loans, real estate-construction loans and real estate-residential secured for a business purpose loans. 
 
 1. Pass Loans considered satisfactory with no indications of deterioration 
 2. Special Mention Potential weakness that deserves management's close attention 
 3. Substandard Well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt 
 4. Doubtful Collection or liquidation in-full, on the basis of current existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Real Estate-Commercial Risk Rating 1. Pass 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Real Estate-Construction Risk Rating 1. Pass 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Real Estate-Residential Secured for Business Purpose Risk Rating 1. Pass 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Totals By Risk Rating 1. Pass 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Total current period gross charge-offs 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Real Estate-Commercial Risk Rating 1. Pass 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Real Estate-Construction Risk Rating 1. Pass 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Real Estate-Residential Secured for Business Purpose Risk Rating 1. Pass 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total Totals By Risk Rating 1. Pass 2. Special Mention 3. Substandard Total 
 
 The Corporation had loans with a risk rating of Doubtful included within recorded investment in loans and leases held for investment at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Corporation monitors the credit risk profile by payment activity for the following classifications of loans and leases: real estate-residential secured for personal purpose loans, real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose loans, loans to individuals and lease financings. The Corporation reviews credit quality indicators on at least an annual basis and last completed this review in conjunction with the period ended December 31, 2023. Loans and leases past due 90 days or more and loans and leases on nonaccrual status are considered nonperforming. Nonperforming loans and leases are reviewed monthly. Performing loans and leases are reviewed only if the loan becomes 60 days or more past due. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 2. Nonperforming Total Real Estate-Home Equity Secured for Personal Purpose Payment Performance 1. Performing 2. Nonperforming Total Loans to Individuals Payment Performance 1. Performing 2. Nonperforming Total Current period gross charge-offs Lease Financings Payment Performance 1. Performing 2. Nonperforming Total Current period gross charge-offs Totals by Payment Performance 1. Performing 2. Nonperforming Total Total current period gross charge-offs 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 2. Nonperforming Total Real Estate-Home Equity Secured for Personal Purpose Payment Performance 1. Performing 2. Nonperforming Total Loans to Individuals Payment Performance 1. Performing 2. Nonperforming Total Lease Financings Payment Performance 1. Performing 2. Nonperforming Total Totals by Payment Performance 1. Performing 2. Nonperforming Total 
 
 The Corporation had no revolving loans which were converted to term loans included within recorded investment in loans and leases held for investment at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ) Real estate-commercial ) Real estate-construction ) Real estate-residential secured for business purpose ) Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals ) Lease financings ) ) Total ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases: Commercial, financial and agricultural ) Real estate-commercial Real estate-construction Real estate-residential secured for business purpose ) Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose ) Loans to individuals ) ) Lease financings ) Total ) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ) Real estate-commercial ) Real estate-construction ) ) Real estate-residential secured for business purpose ) Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals ) Lease financings ) Total ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases: Commercial, financial and agricultural ) Real estate-commercial ) Real estate-construction ) Real estate-residential secured for business purpose Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose ) Loans to individuals ) Lease financings ) ) Total ) 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Real estate-commercial Real estate-construction Real estate-residential secured for business purpose Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total At September 30, 2023 Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate-commercial Real estate-construction Real estate-residential secured for business purpose Real estate-residential secured for personal purpose Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Loans to individuals Lease financings Total 
 
 Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 
 Real estate commercial Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Real estate commercial Real estate construction Total 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Total 
 Amortized cost excludes thousand and thousand of accrued interest receivable on modified loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Added months to the life of the loan, which reduced monthly payment amount for the borrower. 
 Provided -month payment deferrals to assist borrowers. 
 Real estate commercial Added a weighted-average months to the life of the loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts for the borrowers. 
 Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Real estate construction Added a weighted-average months to the life of the loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts for the borrowers. 
 Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Accruing Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Real estate commercial Added months to the life of the loan, which reduced monthly payment amount for the borrower. 
 Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Real estate commercial Added months to the life of the loan, which reduced monthly payment amount for the borrower. 
 Total 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Total 
 
 Real estate commercial Total Nonaccrual Modified Loans to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty: Real estate construction Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Bank had thousand in commitments to extend credit to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty whose terms had been modified. 
 
 Real estate-home equity secured for personal purpose Total 
 
 The following presents foreclosed residential real estate property included in other real estate owned at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 (Dollars in thousands) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Foreclosed residential real estate 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments receivable Plus: Unguaranteed residual Plus: Initial direct costs Less: Imputed interest ) ) Lease financings 

Note 5. 

Addition to goodwill from acquisitions Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 The Corporation also has core deposit and customer-related intangibles, which are not deemed to have an indefinite life and therefore will continue to be amortized over their useful life using the present value of projected cash flows. 
 Customer related intangibles Servicing rights Total amortized intangible assets 
 (1) Included within accumulated amortization is a valuation allowance of thousand and thousand on servicing rights at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 The aggregate fair value of servicing rights was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of these rights was determined using a discount rate of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The change in the fair value of servicing rights from December 31, 2023 was primarily related to the sale of servicing rights associated with million of serviced loans in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Servicing rights capitalized Amortization of servicing rights ) ) ) ) Sold servicing rights ) Changes in valuation allowance ) ) ) ) End of period Loans serviced for others 
 million of serviced loans in the first quarter of 2024. ) ) ) Additions ) ) ) ) Valuation allowance, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6. 
 
 Demand deposits Savings deposits Time deposits Total 
 
 Deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC, which is currently 250 thousand per account owner. The aggregate amount of time deposits in denominations over 250 thousand was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

Note 7. 
 
 Long-term debt: FHLB advances Subordinated notes 
 
 The Corporation, through the Bank, has a credit facility with the Federal Home Loan Bank (the FHLB) that had a maximum borrowing capacity of approximately billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. All borrowings and letters of credit from the FHLB are secured by qualifying commercial real estate and residential mortgage loans, investments and other assets. The Bank had outstanding short-term letters of credit with the FHLB totaling billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which were utilized to collateralize public funds deposits and other secured deposits. The maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB changes as a function of the Bank s qualifying collateral assets as well as the FHLB s internal credit rating of the Bank. The available borrowing capacity from the FHLB totaled billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Corporation, through the Bank, holds investment securities at the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia (the FRB) to provide access to the Discount Window Lending program. During the second quarter of 2024, the Bank was approved to 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Corporation had outstanding borrowings under the Discount Window Lending program. 
 
 The Corporation has a million committed line of credit with a correspondent bank. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Corporation had outstanding borrowings under this line. 
 
 The Corporation and the Bank had billion and billion of committed borrowing capacity at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which billion and billion was available as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Corporation, through the Bank, also maintained uncommitted funding sources from correspondent banks of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. Future availability under these lines is subject to the prerogatives of the granting banks and may be withdrawn at will. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

Note 8. 
 
 Interest cost Expected loss on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Retirement Plans Other Post Retirement Benefits Service cost Interest cost Expected loss on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost, other than the service cost component, are included in other noninterest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 thousand to the Retirement Plans and thousand to Other Postretirement Benefit Plans in 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Corporation contributed thousand to its Retirement Benefit Plans and thousand to its Other Postretirement Benefit Plans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million was paid to participants from the Retirement Plans and thousand was paid to participants from the Other Postretirement Benefit Plans. 

Note 9. 
 
 Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 The Corporation did not grant any stock options during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 
 Granted Added by performance factor Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested stock units at September 30, 2024 
 
 Weighted average grant date fair value Intrinsic value of units granted Restricted stock units vested Weighted average grant date fair value Intrinsic value of units vested 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Employee stock purchase plan Total Tax benefit on nonqualified stock option expense and disqualifying dispositions of incentive stock options 

Note 10. ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Reclassification adjustment recorded in earnings (1) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents reclassification to earnings as a reduction to interest income of amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income on the condensed consolidated balance sheet related to the interest rate swap terminated on August 2, 2024. 

Note 11. 
 
 million to hedge the interest payments received on a pool of variable rate loans. Under the terms of the swap agreement, the Corporation paid a variable rate equal to the Prime Rate and received a fixed rate of with a maturity date of May 4, 2026. On August 2, 2024, the Corporation terminated the swap pursuant to the termination clause. The Corporation incurred an unwind fee of million, of which thousand was reclassified to earnings as a reduction to interest income in the quarter. Additionally, unamortized origination and third party fees totaled thousand at September 30, 2024. The million will be amortized into interest income over the remaining months of the original swap. 
 
 Credit Derivatives 
 
 The Corporation has agreements with third-party financial institutions whereby the third-party financial institution enters into interest rate derivative contracts with loan customers referred to them by the Corporation. By the terms of the agreements, the third-party financial institution has recourse to the Corporation for any exposure created under each swap contract in the event the customer defaults on the swap agreement and the agreement is in a paying position to the third-party financial institution. These transactions represent credit derivatives and are a customary arrangement that allows the Corporation to provide access to interest rate swap transactions for customers without issuing the swap. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 variable-rate to fixed-rate interest rate swap transactions between the third-party financial institution and customers with a current notional amount of million and remaining maturities ranging from months to years. At September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Corporation's interest rate swap credit derivatives was a liability of thousand. At September 30, 2024, the fair value of the swaps to the customers was a net gain of million. At September 30, 2024, the Corporation's credit exposure related to customers totaled million. 
 
 The maximum potential payments by the Corporation to the third-party financial institution under these credit derivatives are not estimable as they are contingent on future interest rates and the agreements do not provide for a limitation of the maximum potential payment amount. 
 
 Mortgage Banking Derivatives 
 
 Derivative loan commitments represent agreements for delayed delivery of financial instruments in which the buyer agrees to purchase, and the seller agrees to deliver, at a specified future date, a specified instrument at a specified price or yield. The Corporation s derivative loan commitments are commitments to sell loans secured by 1- to 4-family residential properties whose predominant risk characteristic is interest rate risk. 
 
 Derivatives Tables 
 
 At December 31, 2023 Interest rate swap - cash flow hedge Other liabilities Total 
 Other liabilities Interest rate locks with customers Other assets Forward loan sale commitments Other liabilities Total At December 31, 2023 Credit derivatives Other liabilities Interest rate locks with customers Other assets Forward loan sale commitments Other liabilities Total 
 
 36 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment included in earnings (1) Interest income ) ) Total net loss ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents reclassification to earnings as a reduction to interest income of amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income on the condensed consolidated balance sheet related to the interest rate swap terminated on August 2, 2024. 
 
 Interest rate locks with customers Net (loss) gain on mortgage banking activities ) ) ) Forward loan sale commitments Net gain (loss) on mortgage banking activities ) Total net (loss) gain ) ) Total ) ) 
 months of the original swap. 

Note 12. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 38 

Table of Contents 

 Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate bonds Total available-for-sale securities Equity securities: Money market mutual funds Total equity securities Loans held for sale Interest rate locks with customers Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration liability Credit derivatives Forward loan sale commitments Total liabilities 
 Such financial instruments are recorded at fair value as further described in Note 11, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." 
 
 The thousand of credit derivatives liability represented the Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA), which is obtained from real-time financial market data, of interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million. The September 30, 2024 CVA is calculated using a loss given default rate on the most recent investment grade credit curve. 
 
 The contingent consideration liability resulting from the Sheaffer acquisition was calculated using a discount rate of on the acquisition date. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Corporation paid thousand in contingent consideration related to this acquisition. The contingent consideration liability was thousand at September 30, 2024. The remaining potential cash payments that could result from the contingent consideration arrangement for the Sheaffer acquisition range from to a maximum of thousand through the period ending November 30, 2024. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate bonds Total available-for-sale securities Equity securities: Equity securities - financial services industry Money market mutual funds Total equity securities Loans held for sale Interest rate locks with customers Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration liability Interest rate swaps Credit derivatives Forward loan sale commitments Total liabilities 
 Such financial instruments are recorded at fair value as further described in Note 11, "Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." 
 The thousand of credit derivatives liability represented the CVA, which is obtained from real-time financial market data, of interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million. The December 31, 2023 CVA is calculated using a loss given default rate on the most recent investment grade credit curve. 
 
 The contingent consideration liability resulting from the Sheaffer acquisition was calculated using a discount rate of on the acquisition date. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Corporation paid thousand in contingent consideration related to this acquisition. The contingent consideration liability was million at December 31, 2023. The remaining potential cash payments that could result from the contingent consideration arrangement for the Sheaffer acquisition range from to a maximum of million through the period ending November 30, 2024.) ) ) Net total ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2022 Additions Increase in value Balance at September 30, 2023 Credit derivatives ) ) ) Net total ) ) ) 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Total contingent consideration liability 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2022 Payment of Contingent Consideration Adjustment of Contingent Consideration Balance at September 30, 2023 Paul I. Sheaffer Insurance Agency Total contingent consideration liability 
 
 The Corporation may be required to periodically measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from the application of lower of cost or market accounting or changes in the value of individual assets. 
 Other real estate owned Repossessed assets Total 
 At December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets at Fair Value Individually analyzed loans held for investment Other real estate owned Total 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Held-to-maturity securities Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and other stock NA NA NA NA Net loans and leases held for investment Servicing rights Total assets Liabilities: Deposits: Demand and savings deposits, non-maturity Time deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Subordinated notes Total liabilities 
 
 At December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value Carrying Amount Assets: Cash and short-term interest-earning assets Held-to-maturity securities Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and other stock NA NA NA NA Net loans and leases held for investment Servicing rights Total assets Liabilities: Deposits: Demand and savings deposits, non-maturity Time deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Subordinated notes Total liabilities 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 million with a valuation allowance of million. At December 31, 2023, individually analyzed loans held for investment had a carrying amount of million with a valuation allowance of million. The Corporation had individually analyzed leases at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Servicing rights: The Corporation estimates the fair value of servicing rights using discounted cash flow models that calculate the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The model uses readily available prepayment speed assumptions for the interest rates of the portfolios serviced. Servicing rights are classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy based upon management's assessment of the inputs. The Corporation reviews the servicing rights portfolio on a quarterly basis for impairment and the servicing rights are carried at the lower of amortized cost or estimated fair value. At September 30, 2024, servicing rights had a net carrying amount of million, which included a valuation allowance of thousand. At December 31, 2023, servicing rights had a net carrying amount of million, which included a valuation allowance of thousand. 
 
 Goodwill and other identifiable assets: Certain non-financial assets subject to measurement at fair value on a non-recurring basis include goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no required valuation adjustments of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. 
 
 Other real estate owned: Other real estate owned (OREO) represents properties that the Corporation has acquired through foreclosure by either accepting a deed in lieu of foreclosure, or by taking possession of assets that were used as loan collateral. The Corporation reports OREO at the lower of cost or fair value less cost to sell, adjusted periodically based on a current appraisal or an executed agreement of sale. Capital improvement expenses associated with the construction or repair of the property are capitalized as part of the cost of the OREO asset. Write-downs and any gain or loss upon the sale of OREO is recorded in other noninterest income. OREO is reported in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, OREO had a carrying amount of million and million, respectively. During the quarter, residential real estate property was transferred to OREO with a carrying value of thousand and during the second quarter, commercial real estate property was transferred to OREO with a carrying value of thousand. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million in capitalizable costs were 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 thousand. During the quarter, repossessed assets totaling thousand were sold. The Corporation had repossessed assets at December 31, 2023. Repossessed assets are classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy based on appraisals, letters of intent, agreement of sale or indications of value received from third parties. 
 
 Deposit liabilities: The fair values for demand and savings accounts, with no stated maturities, is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (carrying value) and are classified within Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair values for time deposits with fixed maturities are estimated by discounting the final maturity using interest rates currently offered for deposits with similar remaining maturities. Time deposits are classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Short-term borrowings: The fair value of short-term borrowings are estimated using current market rates for similar borrowings and are classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Long-term debt: The fair value of long-term debt is estimated by using discounted cash flow analysis, based on current market rates for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. Long-term debt is classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Note 13. 
 
 reportable business segments: Banking, Wealth Management and Insurance. The Corporation determines the segments based primarily upon product and service offerings, through the types of income generated and the regulatory environment. This is strategically how the Corporation operates and has positioned itself in the marketplace. Accordingly, significant operating decisions are based upon analysis of each of these segments. The parent holding company and intercompany eliminations are included in the "Other" segment. 
 Each segment generates revenue from a variety of products and services it provides. Examples of products and services provided for each reportable segment are indicated as follows: 
 The Banking segment provides financial services to individuals, businesses, municipalities and nonprofit organizations. These services include a full range of banking services such as deposit taking, loan origination and servicing, mortgage banking, other general banking services and equipment lease financing. The Wealth Management segment offers investment advisory, financial planning, trust and brokerage services. The Wealth Management segment serves a diverse client base of private families and individuals, municipal pension plans, retirement plans, trusts and guardianships. The Insurance segment includes a full-service insurance brokerage agency offering commercial property and casualty insurance, employee benefit solutions, personal insurance lines and human resources consulting. 
 Wealth Management Insurance Other Consolidated assets 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense Net interest income (expense) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense ) Intersegment (revenue) expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Net capital expenditures 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Banking Wealth Management Insurance Other Consolidated Interest income Interest expense Net interest income (expense) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense Intersegment (revenue) expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Net capital expenditures 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Banking Wealth Management Insurance Other Consolidated Interest income Interest expense Net interest income (expense) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income Noninterest expense Intersegment (revenue) expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Net capital expenditures ) 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense Net interest income (expense) ) Provision for credit losses Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense Intersegment (revenue) expense ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Net capital expenditures 
 Includes an allocation of general and administrative expenses from both the parent holding company and the Bank. These expenses are generally allocated based upon number of employees and square footage utilized. 

Note 14. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 (All dollar amounts presented in tables are in thousands, except per share data. BP equates to basis points "NM" equates to not meaningful equates to zero or doesn t round to a reportable number and N/A equates to not applicable. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-year presentation.) 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 The information contained in this report may contain forward-looking statements. When used or incorporated by reference in disclosure documents, the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "target," "goal" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements may include but are not limited to: statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the quality, growth and composition of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future credit provisions, costs and benefits. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to those set forth below: 
 
 Operating, legal and regulatory risks; 
 Economic, political and competitive forces; 
 General economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected, including as a result of employment levels and labor shortages, and the effect of inflation, a potential recession or slowed economic growth caused by supply chain disruptions or otherwise; 
 Legislative, regulatory and accounting changes, including increased assessments by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; 
 Monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government, including policies of the U.S. Treasury and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; 
 Demand for our financial products and services in our market area; 
 Major catastrophes such as earthquakes, floods or other natural or human disasters and infectious disease outbreaks, the related disruption to local, regional and global economic activity and financial markets, and the impact that any of the foregoing may have on us and our customers and other constituencies; 
 Inflation or volatility in interest rates that reduce our margins and yields, the fair value of financial instruments or our level of loan originations or prepayments on loans we have made and make or the sale of loans or other assets and/or lead to higher operating costs and higher costs to retain or attract deposits; 
 Fluctuations in real estate values in our market area; 
 A failure to maintain adequate levels of capital and liquidity to support our operations; 
 The composition and credit quality of our loan and investment portfolios; 
 Changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies, classified and criticized loans and charge-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses; 
 Changes in the economic and other assumptions utilized to calculate the allowance for credit losses; 
 Our ability to access cost-effective funding; 
 Changes in liquidity, including the size and composition of our deposit portfolio and the percentage of uninsured deposits in the portfolio; 
 Our ability to implement our business strategies; 
 Our ability to manage market risk, credit risk, interest rate risk and operational risk; 
 Timing and amount of revenue and expenditures; 
 Adverse changes in the securities markets; 
 The impact of any military conflict, terrorist act or other geopolitical acts; 
 Our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; 
 Competition for loans, deposits and employees; 
 System failures or cyber-security breaches of our information technology infrastructure and those of our third-party service providers; 
 The failure to maintain current technologies and/or to successfully implement future information technology enhancements; 
 Our ability to retain key employees; 
 Other risks and uncertainties, including those occurring in the U.S. and international financial systems; and 
 The risk that our analysis of these risks and forces could be incorrect and/or that the strategies developed to address them could be unsuccessful. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, expected or projected. These and other risk factors are more fully described in this report and in the Univest Financial Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 under the section entitled "Item 1A - Risk Factors," and from time to time in other filings made by the Corporation with the SEC. 
 
 These forward-looking statements speak only at the date of the report. The Corporation expressly disclaims any obligation to publicly release any updates or revisions to reflect any change in the Corporation s expectations with regard to any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 In order to prepare the Corporation s financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Corporation s financial statements. There are uncertainties inherent in making these estimates and assumptions. Certain critical accounting policies could materially affect the results of operations and financial condition of the Corporation should changes in circumstances require a change in related estimates or assumptions. The Corporation has identified the fair value measurement of investment securities available-for-sale and the calculation of the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases as critical accounting policies. For more information on these critical accounting policies, please refer to the Corporation s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 General 
 
 The Corporation is a Pennsylvania corporation, organized in 1973, and registered as a bank holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. The Corporation owns all of the capital stock of Univest Bank and Trust Co. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Corporation, the Bank and its subsidiaries. 
 
 The Bank is engaged in domestic banking services for individuals, businesses, municipalities and non-profit organizations. Through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Bank provides a variety of financial services throughout its markets of operation. The Bank is the parent company of Girard Investment Services, LLC, a full-service registered introducing broker-dealer and a licensed insurance agency, Girard Advisory Services, LLC, a registered investment advisory firm, and Girard Pension Services, LLC, a registered investment advisor, which provides investment consulting and management services to municipal entities. The Bank is also the parent company of Univest Insurance, LLC, an independent insurance agency, and Univest Capital, Inc., an equipment financing business. 
 
 The Corporation earns revenue primarily from the margins and fees generated from lending and depository services as well as fee-based income from trust, insurance, mortgage banking and investment services. The Corporation seeks to achieve adequate and reliable earnings through business growth while maintaining adequate levels of capital and liquidity and limiting exposure to credit and interest rate risk. 

Executive Overview 
 
 The Corporation s consolidated net income, earnings per share and return on average assets and average equity were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Change September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Net income 18,578 17,016 1,562 9.2 56,990 54,850 2,140 3.9 Net income per share: Basic 0.64 0.58 0.06 10.3 1.95 1.86 0.09 4.8 Diluted 0.63 0.58 0.05 8.6 1.94 1.86 0.08 4.3 Return on average assets 0.92 0.88 4 BP 4.5 0.97 0.98 (1 BP) (1.0) Return on average equity 8.55 8.32 23 BP 2.8 8.95 9.14 (19 BP) (2.1) 
 
 The Corporation reported net income of 18.6 million, or 0.63 diluted earnings per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 17.0 million, or 0.58 diluted earnings per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Corporation reported net income of 57.0 million, or 1.94 diluted earnings per share, for the nine 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 54.9 million, or 1.86 diluted earnings per share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The financial results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a 3.4 million net gain 2.7 million after-tax), or 0.09 diluted earnings per share, generated from the sale of mortgage servicing rights associated with 591.1 million of serviced loans in the first quarter of 2024 and tax-free bank owned life insurance ("BOLI") death benefit claims of 171 thousand, which represented 0.01 diluted earnings per share for the quarter. Additionally, the financial results for the third quarter of 2023 included a 1.3 million 1.1 million after-tax), or 0.04 diluted earnings per share, restructuring charge associated with expense management strategies deployed in response to macroeconomic headwinds. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income is the difference between interest earned primarily on loans, leases and investment securities and interest paid on deposits, borrowings, long-term debt and subordinated notes. Net interest income is the principal source of the Corporation s revenue. Table 1 presents the Corporation s average balances, tax-equivalent interest income, interest expense, tax-equivalent yields earned on average assets, cost of average liabilities, and shareholders' equity on a tax-equivalent basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The tax-equivalent net interest margin is tax-equivalent net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. The tax-equivalent net interest spread represents the weighted average tax-equivalent yield on interest-earning assets less the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The effect of net interest-free funding sources represents the effect on the net interest margin of net funding provided by noninterest-earning assets, noninterest-bearing liabilities and shareholders' equity. Table 2 analyzes the changes in the tax-equivalent net interest income for the periods broken down by their rate and volume components. 
 
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023 
 
 Net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 53.5 million, a decrease of 371 thousand, or 0.7 , compared to 53.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 156.6 million, a decrease of 11.6 million, or 6.9 , compared to 168.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in tax-equivalent net interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the comparable periods in the prior year reflects the continued pressure on the cost of deposits due to the shift of balances from lower to higher cost deposit products, which has exceeded the increase in interest income from asset yield expansion and the increase in average interest-earning assets. However, we continue to see indicators of stabilization in the cost of funds and our funding mix. 
 
 The net interest margin, on a tax-equivalent basis, was 2.82 and 2.85 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 2.96 and 3.22 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Excess liquidity reduced net interest margin by approximately nine and four basis points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Excess liquidity reduced net interest margin by approximately four and one basis point for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Table 1 Average Balances and Interest Rates Tax-Equivalent Basis Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Income/ Expense Average Rate Average Balance Income/ Expense Average Rate Assets: Interest-earning deposits with other banks 270,724 3,624 5.33 143,109 1,865 5.17 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 1,283 7 2.17 2,281 16 2.78 Other debt and equity securities 492,051 3,706 3.00 504,060 3,540 2.79 Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and other stock 38,769 742 7.61 40,406 712 6.99 Total interest-earning deposits, investments and other interest-earning assets 802,827 8,079 4.00 689,856 6,133 3.53 Commercial, financial and agricultural loans 997,465 18,459 7.36 995,355 17,545 6.99 Real estate commercial and construction loans 3,592,556 52,672 5.83 3,552,709 49,548 5.53 Real estate residential loans 1,692,361 21,127 4.97 1,543,360 18,270 4.70 Loans to individuals 26,651 549 8.20 26,538 525 7.85 Tax-exempt loans and leases 232,159 2,565 4.40 234,685 2,430 4.11 Lease financings 189,599 3,275 6.87 184,522 2,928 6.30 Gross loans and leases 6,730,791 98,647 5.83 6,537,169 91,246 5.54 Total interest-earning assets 7,533,618 106,726 5.64 7,227,025 97,379 5.35 Cash and due from banks 62,902 62,673 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases (86,517) (83,827) Premises and equipment, net 47,989 52,071 Operating lease right-of-use assets 29,620 31,647 Other assets 417,653 404,394 Total assets 8,005,265 7,693,983 Liabilities: Interest-bearing checking deposits 1,215,166 8,824 2.89 1,070,063 6,703 2.49 Money market savings 1,849,628 21,213 4.56 1,645,210 17,850 4.30 Regular savings 727,395 878 0.48 828,672 861 0.41 Time deposits 1,491,560 17,255 4.60 1,140,622 11,668 4.06 Total time and interest-bearing deposits 5,283,749 48,170 3.63 4,684,567 37,082 3.14 Short-term borrowings 8,210 1 0.05 93,028 1,117 4.76 Long-term debt 247,826 2,781 4.46 320,000 3,036 3.76 Subordinated notes 149,068 2,282 6.09 148,568 2,281 6.09 Total borrowings 405,104 5,064 4.97 561,596 6,434 4.55 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,688,853 53,234 3.72 5,246,163 43,516 3.29 Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,357,575 1,538,143 Operating lease liabilities 32,627 34,788 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 61,804 63,374 Total liabilities 7,140,859 6,882,468 Total interest-bearing liabilities and noninterest-bearing deposits ("Cost of Funds") 7,046,428 3.01 6,784,306 2.54 Shareholders Equity: Common stock 157,784 157,784 Additional paid-in capital 300,565 299,575 Retained earnings and other equity 406,057 354,156 Total shareholders equity 864,406 811,515 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 8,005,265 7,693,983 Net interest income 53,492 53,863 Net interest spread 1.92 2.06 Effect of net interest-free funding sources 0.90 0.90 Net interest margin 2.82 2.96 Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 132.43 137.76 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions are tax-exempt earning assets. 
 Notes: For rate calculation purposes, average loan and lease categories include deferred fees and costs and purchase accounting adjustments. 
 Net interest income includes net deferred costs amortization of 897 thousand and 563 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Nonaccrual loans and leases have been included in the average loan and lease balances. Loans held for sale have been included in the average loan balances. Tax-equivalent amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 have been calculated using the Corporation's federal applicable rate of 21 . 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Income/ Expense Average Rate Average Balance Income/ Expense Average Rate Assets: Interest-earning deposits with other banks 159,114 6,341 5.32 79,630 2,856 4.80 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 1,500 26 2.32 2,284 48 2.81 Other debt and equity securities 494,310 11,094 3.00 511,420 10,547 2.76 Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and other stock 38,392 2,166 7.54 39,664 2,102 7.09 Total interest-earning deposits, investments and other interest-earning assets 693,316 19,627 3.78 632,998 15,553 3.29 Commercial, financial and agricultural loans 972,003 52,429 7.21 997,590 50,002 6.70 Real estate commercial and construction loans 3,572,375 153,890 5.75 3,447,551 137,929 5.35 Real estate residential loans 1,657,142 61,095 4.92 1,478,871 51,216 4.63 Loans to individuals 26,928 1,639 8.13 26,859 1,453 7.23 Tax-exempt loans and leases 231,679 7,505 4.33 233,211 7,159 4.10 Lease financings 189,733 9,549 6.72 175,416 8,128 6.20 Gross loans and leases 6,649,860 286,107 5.75 6,359,498 255,887 5.38 Total interest-earning assets 7,343,176 305,734 5.56 6,992,496 271,440 5.19 Cash and due from banks 58,070 59,811 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases (86,435) (81,829) Premises and equipment, net 49,098 52,067 Operating lease right-of-use assets 30,359 31,384 Other assets 414,246 399,141 Total assets 7,808,514 7,453,070 Liabilities: Interest-bearing checking deposits 1,163,526 24,353 2.80 980,725 15,259 2.08 Money market savings 1,749,592 59,564 4.55 1,532,318 43,020 3.75 Regular savings 752,336 2,712 0.48 900,448 2,375 0.35 Time deposits 1,384,576 47,019 4.54 845,635 22,231 3.51 Total time and interest-bearing deposits 5,050,030 133,648 3.54 4,259,126 82,885 2.60 Short-term borrowings 15,919 248 2.08 195,606 7,094 4.85 Long-term debt 263,380 8,441 4.28 245,366 6,438 3.51 Subordinated notes 148,944 6,844 6.14 148,444 6,844 6.16 Total borrowings 428,243 15,533 4.85 589,416 20,376 4.62 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,478,273 149,181 3.64 4,848,542 103,261 2.85 Noninterest-bearing deposits 1,383,707 1,709,533 Operating lease liabilities 33,389 34,548 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 62,586 57,906 Total liabilities 6,957,955 6,650,529 Total interest-bearing liabilities and noninterest-bearing deposits ("Cost of Funds") 6,861,980 2.90 6,558,075 2.11 Shareholders Equity: Common stock 157,784 157,784 Additional paid-in capital 300,224 299,550 Retained earnings and other equity 392,551 345,207 Total shareholders equity 850,559 802,541 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 7,808,514 7,453,070 Net interest income 156,553 168,179 Net interest spread 1.92 2.34 Effect of net interest-free funding sources 0.93 0.88 Net interest margin 2.85 3.22 Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 134.04 144.22 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions are tax-exempt earning assets. 
 Notes: For rate calculation purposes, average loan and lease categories include deferred fees and costs and purchase accounting adjustments. 
 Net interest income includes net deferred costs amortization of 2.0 million and 1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Nonaccrual loans and leases have been included in the average loan and lease balances. Loans held for sale have been included in the average loan balances. Tax-equivalent amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 have been calculated using the Corporation's federal applicable rate of 21 . 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Table 2 Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income 
 
 The rate-volume variance analysis set forth in the table below compares changes in tax-equivalent net interest income for the periods indicated by their rate and volume components. The change in interest income/expense due to both volume and rate has been allocated proportionately. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Versus 2023 September 30, 2024 Versus 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Volume Change Rate Change Total Volume Change Rate Change Total Interest income: Interest-earning deposits with other banks 1,700 59 1,759 3,144 341 3,485 Obligations of states and political subdivisions (6) (3) (9) (15) (7) (22) Other debt and equity securities (88) 254 166 (359) 906 547 Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and other stock (30) 60 30 (68) 132 64 Interest on deposits, investments and other earning assets 1,576 370 1,946 2,702 1,372 4,074 Commercial, financial and agricultural loans 35 879 914 (1,307) 3,734 2,427 Real estate commercial and construction loans 534 2,590 3,124 5,211 10,750 15,961 Real estate residential loans 1,789 1,068 2,857 6,503 3,376 9,879 Loans to individuals 2 22 24 4 182 186 Tax-exempt loans and leases (27) 162 135 (48) 394 346 Lease financings 80 267 347 702 719 1,421 Interest and fees on loans and leases 2,413 4,988 7,401 11,065 19,155 30,220 Total interest income 3,989 5,358 9,347 13,767 20,527 34,294 Interest expense: Interest-bearing checking deposits 969 1,152 2,121 3,185 5,909 9,094 Money market savings 2,260 1,103 3,363 6,609 9,935 16,544 Regular savings (114) 131 17 (434) 771 337 Time deposits 3,898 1,689 5,587 16,978 7,810 24,788 Total time and interest-bearing deposits 7,013 4,075 11,088 26,338 24,425 50,763 Short-term borrowings (535) (581) (1,116) (4,223) (2,623) (6,846) Long-term debt (757) 502 (255) 502 1,501 2,003 Subordinated notes 1 1 Interest on borrowings (1,291) (79) (1,370) (3,721) (1,122) (4,843) Total interest expense 5,722 3,996 9,718 22,617 23,303 45,920 Net interest income (1,733) 1,362 (371) (8,850) (2,776) (11,626) 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1.4 million and 2.0 million, respectively. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 3.6 million and 8.8 million, respectively. The following table details information pertaining to the Corporation s allowance for credit losses on loans and leases as a percentage of loans and leases held for investment at the dates indicated. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases 86,041 85,745 85,632 85,387 83,837 Loans and leases held for investment 6,730,734 6,684,837 6,579,086 6,567,214 6,574,958 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases / loans and leases held for investment 1.28 1.28 1.30 1.30 1.28 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table presents noninterest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Change September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Trust fee income 2,110 1,910 200 10.5 6,226 5,789 437 7.5 Service charges on deposit accounts 2,037 1,816 221 12.2 5,890 5,088 802 15.8 Investment advisory commission and fee income 5,319 4,843 476 9.8 15,751 14,303 1,448 10.1 Insurance commission and fee income 5,238 4,852 386 8.0 17,606 16,447 1,159 7.0 Other service fee income 1,815 3,020 (1,205) (39.9) 11,274 9,414 1,860 19.8 Bank owned life insurance income 921 806 115 14.3 2,849 2,362 487 20.6 Net gain on sales of investment securities 18 18 N/M 18 18 N/M Net gain on mortgage banking activities 1,296 1,216 80 6.6 3,945 2,880 1,065 37.0 Other income 1,396 228 1,168 512.3 3,166 1,921 1,245 64.8 Total noninterest income 20,150 18,691 1,459 7.8 66,725 58,204 8,521 14.6 
 
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023 
 
 Noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 20.2 million, an increase of 1.5 million, or 7.8 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023. Noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 66.7 million, an increase of 8.5 million, or 14.6 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Investment advisory commission and fee income increased 476 thousand, or 9.8 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 1.4 million, or 10.1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable periods in the prior year, primarily due to increased assets under management and supervision driven by new business and market appreciation. 
 
 Insurance commission and fee income increased 386 thousand, or 8.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 1.2 million, or 7.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable periods in the prior year. The increase for the three months end September 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in commercial lines premiums. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to increases in commercial lines premiums and contingent commission income of 451 thousand, which was 2.3 million and 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Contingent income is largely recognized in the first quarter of the year. 
 
 Other service fee income decreased 1.2 million, or 39.9 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased 1.9 million, or 19.8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable periods in the prior year. The decrease for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a 785 thousand valuation allowance recorded on mortgage servicing rights driven by the increase in prepayment speed assumptions as a result of the decrease in interest rates during the quarter. Additionally, net servicing fees on sold mortgage loans decreased by 307 thousand, primarily attributable 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 to the sale of mortgage servicing rights associated with 591.1 million of serviced loans in the first quarter of 2024 and increased amortization driven by prepayments. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the net gain of 3.4 million generated from the sale of mortgage servicing rights associated with these serviced loans. 
 
 Bank owned life insurance income increased 115 thousand, or 14.3 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 487 thousand, or 20.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable periods in the prior year, primarily due to purchases of new policies in the first quarter of the year. Additionally, both periods included death benefits claims of 171 thousand received during the second quarter of the year. 
 
 Net gain on mortgage banking activities increased 1.1 million, or 37.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable period in the prior year, primarily due to increased salable volume. Service charges on deposit accounts 802 thousand, or 15.8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable period in the prior year, primarily due to increased treasury management income. 
 
 Other income increased 1.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, or 512.3 and 64.8 , respectively, from the comparable periods in the prior year, primarily due to increases of 705 thousand and 958 thousand in gains on the sale of Small Business Administration loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following table presents noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, Change September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Salaries, benefits and commissions 30,702 29,978 724 2.4 92,227 90,867 1,360 1.5 Net occupancy 2,723 2,594 129 5.0 8,274 7,935 339 4.3 Equipment 1,107 1,087 20 1.8 3,306 3,066 240 7.8 Data processing 4,154 4,189 (35) (0.8) 12,810 12,355 455 3.7 Professional fees 1,579 1,763 (184) (10.4) 4,733 5,373 (640) (11.9) Marketing and advertising 490 555 (65) (11.7) 1,621 1,548 73 4.7 Deposit insurance premiums 1,097 1,258 (161) (12.8) 3,330 3,475 (145) (4.2) Intangible expenses 164 220 (56) (25.5) 539 726 (187) (25.8) Restructuring charges N/M 1,330 (1,330) N/M Other expense 6,536 7,344 (808) (11.0) 20,494 21,641 (1,147) (5.3) Total noninterest expense 48,552 48,988 (436) (0.9 147,334 148,316 (982) (0.7 
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023 
 
 Noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 48.6 million, a decrease of 436 thousand, or 0.9 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023. Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 147.3 million, a decrease of 982 thousand, or 0.7 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The financial results for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included restructuring charges of 1.3 million. 
 
 Other expense decreased 808 thousand, or 11.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 1.1 million, or 5.3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable periods in the prior year, primarily due to decreases in retirement plan costs, insurance expense and recruiter fees. Additionally, the three months ended September 30, 2024 benefited from a decrease in bank shares tax expense. 
 
 Professional fees decreased 184 thousand, or 10.4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 640 thousand, or 11.9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the comparable periods in the prior year, primarily driven by a reduction in consultant fees. Deposit insurance premiums decreased 161 thousand, or 12.8 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 driven by an improvement in the financial ratios that contribute to our assessment rate. 
 
 Salaries, benefits and commissions increased 724 thousand, or 2.4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 1.4 million, or 1.5 , from the comparable periods in the prior year. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 2024 was primarily due to increases in salary expense and incentive compensation due to increased profitability, partially offset by an increase in compensation capitalized driven by higher loan production. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to increases in incentive compensation due to increased profitability and medical claims. 
 
 Tax Provision 
 
 The Corporation recognized a tax expense of 4.8 million and 4.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting in effective rates of 20.6 and 20.0 for the respective periods. The Corporation recognized a tax expense of 14.5 million and 13.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of 20.3 and 19.7 for the respective periods. The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 reflects the benefits of tax-exempt income from investments in municipal securities and loans and leases. The increase in the effective tax rate for the 2024 periods was primarily due to increases in the state tax rates. Additionally, the effective income tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were favorably impacted by proceeds from BOLI death benefits. 

Financial Condition 
 
 Assets 
 
 The following table presents assets at the dates indicated: 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Change (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Cash, interest-earning deposits and federal funds sold 504,700 249,799 254,901 102.0 Investment securities 494,187 500,623 (6,436) (1.3) Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank and other stock, at cost 40,235 40,499 (264) (0.7) Loans held for sale 17,131 11,637 5,494 47.2 Loans and leases held for investment 6,730,734 6,567,214 163,520 2.5 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases (86,041) (85,387) (654) 0.8 Premises and equipment, net 47,411 51,441 (4,030) (7.8) Operating lease right-of-use assets 29,260 31,795 (2,535) (8.0) Goodwill and other intangibles, net 182,668 186,460 (3,792) (2.0) Bank owned life insurance 138,744 131,344 7,400 5.6 Accrued interest receivable and other assets 106,708 95,203 11,505 12.1 Total assets 8,205,737 7,780,628 425,109 5.5 
 Cash and Interest-Earning Deposits 
 
 Cash and interest-earning deposits increased 254.9 million, or 102.0 , from December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest-earning deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank of 249.6 million due to seasonal increases in public funds outpacing loan growth, partially offset by the repayment of long-term debt. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 Total investment securities at September 30, 2024 decreased 6.4 million, or 1.3 , from December 31, 2023. Maturities and pay-downs of 53.6 million, sales of 3.9 million, net amortization of purchased premiums and discounts of 820 thousand were partially offset by purchases of 42.9 million, which were primarily residential mortgage-backed securities, increases in the fair value of available-for-sale investment securities of 8.8 million and a reversal of provision for credit losses of 89 thousand. 
 
 Loans and Leases 
 
 Gross loans and leases held for investment increased 163.5 million, or 2.5 , from December 31, 2023. The growth in gross loans and leases held for investment was primarily due to increases in commercial, commercial real estate and residential 
 55 

mortgage loans, partially offset by a decrease in construction loans. For more information on the composition of the commercial loan portfolio, see "Table 4 - Loan Portfolio Overview." 
 
 Asset Quality 
 
 The Bank's strategy for credit risk management focuses on having well-defined credit policies and uniform underwriting criteria and providing prompt attention to potential problem loans and leases. Performance of the loan and lease portfolio is monitored on a regular basis by Bank management and lending officers. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans and leases are loans or leases for which it is probable that not all principal and interest payments due will be collectible in accordance with the original contractual terms. Factors considered by management in determining accrual status include payment status, borrower cash flows, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, nonaccrual loans and leases were 15.3 million and had a related allowance for credit losses on loans and leases of 1.0 million. At December 31, 2023, nonaccrual loans and leases were 20.5 million and had a related allowance for credit losses on loans and leases of 1.8 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, pay-offs totaling 4.6 million were received on nonaccrual loans and leases. Individual reserves have been established based on current facts and management's judgements about the ultimate outcome of these credits, including the most recent known data available on any related underlying collateral and the borrower's cash flows. The amount of individual reserve needed for these credits could change in future periods subject to changes in facts and judgements related to these credits. 
 
 Net loan and lease charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 820 thousand compared to 969 thousand for the same period in the prior year. Net loan and lease charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 3.0 million compared to 4.3 million for the same period in the prior year. The decrease in charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to 2.4 million of charge-offs related to one borrower in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Other real estate owned ("OREO") was 20.9 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 19.0 million at December 31, 2023, primarily due to capitalized costs on an existing OREO property, the transfer of a residential real estate property with a carrying value of 156 thousand during the quarter and the transfer of a commercial real estate property with a carrying value of 252 thousand during the second quarter of 2024. Repossessed assets were 79 thousand at September 30, 2024. The Corporation had no repossessed assets at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Table 3 Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans and Leases; Other Real Estate Owned; Repossessed Assets; and Related Ratios 
 
 The following table details information pertaining to the Corporation s nonperforming assets at the dates indicated. 
 (Dollars in thousands) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans held for sale 8 Nonaccrual loans and leases held for investment 15,319 20,519 Accruing loans and leases, 90 days or more past due 310 534 Total nonperforming loans and leases 15,629 21,061 Other real estate owned 20,915 19,032 Repossessed assets 79 Total nonperforming assets 36,623 40,093 Loans and leases held for investment 6,730,734 6,567,214 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases 86,041 85,387 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases / loans and leases held for investment 1.28 1.30 Nonaccrual loans and leases / loans and leases held for investment 0.23 0.31 Allowance for credit losses, loans and leases / nonaccrual loans and leases 561.66 415.97 
 
 56 

The following table provides additional information on the Corporation s nonaccrual loans held for investment: 
 (Dollars in thousands) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans and leases, held for investment 15,319 20,519 Nonaccrual loans and leases with partial charge-offs 349 814 Life-to-date partial charge-offs on nonaccrual loans and leases 682 885 Reserves on individually analyzed loans 1,033 1,787 
 
 Table 4 Loan Portfolio Overview 
 
 The following table provides summarized detail related to outstanding commercial loan balances segmented by industry description as of September 30, 2024: 
 (Dollars in thousands) At September 30, 2024 Industry Description Total Outstanding Balance of Commercial Loan Portfolio CRE - Retail 458,230 8.6 Animal Production 384,554 7.2 CRE - Multi-family 340,181 6.4 CRE - 1-4 Family Residential Investment 295,454 5.6 CRE - Office 294,508 5.6 CRE - Industrial / Warehouse 254,019 4.8 Hotels Motels (Accommodation) 186,130 3.5 Specialty Trade Contractors 180,486 3.4 Nursing and Residential Care Facilities 167,467 3.2 Education 167,282 3.2 Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers 129,799 2.4 Repair and Maintenance 127,927 2.4 Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods 125,009 2.4 Homebuilding (tract developers, remodelers) 120,040 2.2 CRE - Mixed-Use - Residential 110,137 2.1 Crop Production 104,343 2.0 Wood Product Manufacturing 93,505 1.8 Food Services and Drinking Places 88,178 1.7 Real Estate Lenders, Secondary Market Financing 85,171 1.6 Rental and Leasing Services 79,876 1.5 Religious Organizations, Advocacy Groups 73,802 1.4 Fabricated Metal Product Manufacturing 72,794 1.4 CRE - Mixed-Use - Commercial 72,268 1.4 Administrative and Support Services 71,787 1.4 Personal and Laundry Services 71,184 1.3 Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable Goods 69,363 1.3 Amusement, Gambling, and Recreation Industries 69,052 1.3 Miniwarehouse / Self-Storage 65,176 1.2 Food Manufacturing 61,472 1.1 Truck Transportation 52,570 1.0 Industries with > 50 million in outstandings 4,471,764 84.3 Industries with 
 57 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets have been recorded on the books of the Corporation in connection with acquisitions. The Corporation has core deposit and customer-related intangibles, which are not deemed to have an indefinite life and therefore will continue to be amortized over their useful life using the present value of projected cash flows. The amortization of core deposit and customer-related intangibles was 175 thousand and 229 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The amortization of core deposit and customer-related intangibles was 350 thousand and 458 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 5 to the Condensed Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for a summary of intangible assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Corporation also has goodwill with a net carrying value of 175.5 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which is deemed to be an indefinite intangible asset and is not amortized. The Corporation completes a goodwill impairment analysis on an annual basis, or more often if events and circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. The Corporation also completes an impairment test for other identifiable intangible assets on an annual basis or more often if events and circumstances indicate there may be impairment. There was no impairment of goodwill or identifiable intangibles during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. There can be no assurance that future impairment assessments or tests will not result in a charge to earnings. 
 
 Bank Owned Life Insurance 
 
 The Bank purchases bank owned life insurance to protect itself against the loss of key employees due to death and to offset or finance the Corporation's future costs and obligations to employees under its benefits plans. Bank owned life insurance increased 7.4 million, or 5.6 , from December 31, 2023, primarily due to 5.7 million of policies purchased during the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Other Assets 
 
 Other assets increased 11.5 million, or 12.1 , from December 31, 2023, primarily due to increases of 3.9 million in pension plan assets and 5.2 million in prepaid expenses. 

Liabilities 
 The following table presents liabilities at the dates indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Change Amount Percent Deposits 6,854,148 6,375,781 478,367 7.5 Short-term borrowings 8,256 6,306 1,950 30.9 Long-term debt 225,000 310,000 (85,000) (27.4) Subordinated notes 149,136 148,761 375 0.3 Operating lease liabilities 32,246 34,851 (2,605) (7.5) Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 59,880 65,721 (5,841) (8.9) Total liabilities 7,328,666 6,941,420 387,246 5.6 

Deposits 
 
 Total deposits increased 478.4 million, or 7.5 , from December 31, 2023, primarily due to increases in commercial, brokered and seasonal public funds deposits. At September 30, 2024, noninterest bearing deposits totaling 1.3 billion represented 19.3 of total deposits compared to 1.5 billion representing 23.0 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, unprotected deposits, which excludes insured, internal, and collateralized deposit accounts, totaled 1.4 billion and represented 20.3 of total deposits compared to 1.5 billion at December 31, 2023 representing 23.3 of total deposits. 

Borrowings 
 
 Total borrowings decreased 82.7 million, or 17.8 , from December 31, 2023, primarily due to pay-downs of long-term FHLB advances of 85.0 million, partially offset by an increase of 2.0 million in customer repurchase agreements. These 
 58 

borrowings were replaced with lower cost deposits during the year. 

Other Liabilities 
 
 Other liabilities decreased 5.8 million, or 8.9 , from December 31, 2023, primarily due to the termination of an interest rate swap. 

Shareholders Equity 
 
 The following table presents total shareholders equity at the dates indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Change Amount Percent Common stock 157,784 157,784 Additional paid-in capital 301,262 301,066 196 0.1 Retained earnings 512,938 474,691 38,247 8.1 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (41,623) (50,646) 9,023 (17.8) Treasury stock (53,290) (43,687) (9,603) 22.0 Total shareholders equity 877,071 839,208 37,863 4.5 
 
 Total shareholders' equity increased 37.9 million, or 4.5 , from December 31, 2023. Retained earnings at September 30, 2024 increased by 38.2 million primarily due to net income of 57.0 million offset by 18.5 million in cash dividends paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased by 9.0 million, which was primarily attributable to increases in the fair value of available-for-sale investment securities of 7.0 million, net of tax. Treasury stock increased 9.6 million from December 31, 2023, related to repurchases of 664,201 shares at a cost of 14.7 million, offset by 5.1 million of stock issued under the dividend reinvestment and employee stock purchase plans and stock-based incentive plan activity. 

Discussion of Segments 
 
 The Corporation has three operating segments: Banking, Wealth Management and Insurance. Detailed segment information appears in Note 13, "Segment Reporting" included in the Notes to the Condensed Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 The Banking segment reported pre-tax income of 22.5 million and 21.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and pre-tax income of 71.1 million and 67.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See the section of this Management's Discussion Analysis under the headings "Results of Operations" and "Financial Condition" for a discussion of key items impacting the Banking Segment. 
 
 The Wealth Management segment reported noninterest income of 7.5 million and 6.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 22.1 million and 20.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Noninterest expense was 5.6 million and 5.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 16.6 million and 14.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in noninterest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to new customer relationships and appreciation of assets under management and supervision as a majority of investment advisory fees are billed based on the prior quarter-end assets under management and supervision balance. The increase in noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to increase in salary and benefits expense as we continue to invest in revenue-producing positions. Assets under management and supervision were 5.3 billion as of September 30, 2024, 5.0 billion as of June 30, 2024, 4.3 billion as of September 30, 2023 and 4.5 billion as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 The Insurance segment reported noninterest income of 5.2 million and 4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 17.7 million and 16.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Noninterest expense was 4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 12.1 million and 11.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included increases in commercial lines premiums of 745 thousand and contingent commission 
 59 

income of 451 thousand, which was 2.3 million and 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Contingent income is largely recognized in the first quarter of the year. 

Capital Adequacy 
 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Corporation and the Bank to maintain minimum capital amounts and ratios as set forth in the following table. To comply with the regulatory definition of well capitalized, a depository institution must maintain minimum capital amounts and ratios as set forth in the following table. 
 
 Under current rules, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions (including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers), a banking organization must hold a capital conservation buffer comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements in an amount greater than 2.50 of total risk-weighted assets. The Corporation's and Bank's intent is to maintain capital levels in excess of the capital conservation buffer, which requires Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets to exceed 8.50 and Total Capital to Risk Weighted Assets to exceed 10.50 . The Corporation and the Bank were in compliance with these requirements at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Table 5 Regulatory Capital 
 
 The Corporation's and Bank's actual and required capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 under regulatory capital rules were as follows. 
 Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes To Be Well-Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions (Dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio At September 30, 2024 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 984,852 14.27 552,226 8.00 690,282 10.00 Bank 852,945 12.41 549,899 8.00 687,374 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 751,271 10.88 414,169 6.00 552,226 8.00 Bank 768,500 11.18 412,424 6.00 549,899 8.00 Tier 1 Common Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 751,271 10.88 310,627 4.50 448,683 6.50 Bank 768,500 11.18 309,318 4.50 446,793 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): Corporation 751,271 9.53 315,213 4.00 394,016 5.00 Bank 768,500 9.78 314,367 4.00 392,959 5.00 At December 31, 2023 Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 953,889 13.90 549,160 8.00 686,450 10.00 Bank 810,449 11.86 546,782 8.00 683,478 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 726,478 10.58 411,870 6.00 549,160 8.00 Bank 731,799 10.71 410,087 6.00 546,782 8.00 Tier 1 Common Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): Corporation 726,478 10.58 308,903 4.50 446,193 6.50 Bank 731,799 10.71 307,565 4.50 444,260 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): Corporation 726,478 9.36 310,520 4.00 388,150 5.00 Bank 731,799 9.45 309,753 4.00 387,191 5.00 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Corporation and the Bank continued to meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. At September 30, 2024, the Bank was categorized as "well capitalized" under the 
 60 

regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that management believes have changed the Bank s category. 
 
 In December 2018, the Federal Reserve announced that a banking organization that experiences a reduction in retained earnings due to the CECL adoption as of the beginning of the fiscal year in which CECL was adopted may elect to phase in the regulatory capital impact of adopting CECL. Transitional amounts are calculated for the following items: retained earnings, temporary difference deferred tax assets and credit loss allowances eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital. When calculating regulatory capital ratios, 25 of the transitional amounts are phased in during the first year. An additional 25 of the transitional amounts are phased in over each of the next two years and at the beginning of the fourth year, the day-one effects of CECL are completely reflected in regulatory capital. 
 Additionally, in March 2020, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation announced the 2020 CECL interim final rule (IFR) designed to allow eligible firms to better focus on supporting lending to creditworthy households and businesses in light of the then-recent strains on the U.S. economy as a result of the coronavirus (COVID-19). The 2020 CECL IFR allows corporations that adopt CECL before December 31, 2020 to defer 100 percent of the day-one transitional amounts described above through December 31, 2021 for regulatory capital purposes. Additionally, the 2020 CECL IFR allows electing firms to defer through December 31, 2021 the approximate portion of the post day-one allowance attributable to CECL relative to the incurred loss methodology. This is calculated by applying a 25 scaling factor to the CECL provision. 
 The Corporation adopted the transition guidance and the 2020 CECL IFR relief and applied these effects to regulatory capital. 

Asset/Liability Management 
 
 The primary functions of Asset/Liability Management are to minimize interest rate risk and to ensure adequate earnings, capital and liquidity while maintaining an appropriate balance between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Management's objective with regard to interest rate risk is to understand the Corporation's sensitivity to changes in interest rates and develop and implement strategies to minimize volatility while maximizing net interest income. 
 
 The Corporation uses gap analysis and earnings at risk simulation modeling to quantify exposure to interest rate risk. The Corporation uses the gap analysis to identify and monitor long-term rate exposure and uses a risk simulation model to measure short-term rate exposure. The Corporation runs various earnings simulation scenarios to quantify the impact of declining or rising interest rates on net interest income over a one-year and two-year horizon. The simulations use expected cash flows and repricing characteristics for all financial instruments at a point in time and incorporates company-developed, market-based assumptions regarding growth, pricing, and optionality such as prepayment speeds. As interest rates increase, fixed-rate assets tend to decrease in value; conversely, as interest rates decline, fixed-rate assets tend to increase in value. 

Liquidity 
 
 The Corporation, in its role as a financial intermediary, is exposed to certain liquidity risks. Liquidity refers to the Corporation s ability to ensure that sufficient cash flows and liquid assets are available to satisfy demand for loans, deposit withdrawals, repayment of borrowings, certificates of deposit at maturity, operating expenses and capital expenditures. The Corporation manages liquidity risk by measuring and monitoring liquidity sources and estimated funding needs on a daily basis. The Corporation has a contingency funding plan in place to address liquidity needs in the event of an institution-specific or a systemic financial crisis. 
 
 The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain ample ability to meet the liquidity needs of its customers. Our most liquid asset, unencumbered cash and cash equivalents, were 492.3 million and 241.5 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Unencumbered securities classified as available-for-sale, which provide additional sources of liquidity, totaled 32.3 million and 23.3 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Further, the Corporation and its subsidiaries had committed borrowing capacity from the Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank of 3.6 billion and 3.4 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which 1.8 billion and 1.9 billion was available as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Corporation and its subsidiaries also maintained uncommitted funding sources from correspondent banks of 468.0 million at September 30, 2024 and 369.0 million at December 31, 2023. Future availability under these uncommitted funding sources is subject to the prerogatives of the granting banks and may be withdrawn at will. 
 
 61 

Sources of Funds 
 
 Core deposits continue to be the largest significant funding source for the Corporation. These deposits are primarily generated from individuals, businesses, public funds and non-profit customers located in our primary service areas. The Corporation faces increased competition for these deposits from a large array of financial market participants, including banks, credit unions, savings institutions, mutual funds, security dealers and others. 
 
 As part of its diversified funding strategy, the Corporation also utilizes a mix of short-term and long-term wholesale funding providers. Wholesale funding includes federal funds purchases from correspondent banks, secured borrowing lines from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh and the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, and brokered deposits and other similar sources. 
 
 Cash Requirements 
 
 The Corporation has cash requirements for various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commitments that require cash payments. The most significant contractual obligations, in both the under and over one-year time period, are for the Bank to repay certificates of deposit and short- and long-term borrowings. The Bank anticipates meeting these obligations by utilizing on-balance sheet liquidity and continuing to provide convenient depository and cash management services through its financial center network, thereby replacing these contractual obligations with similar funding sources at rates that are competitive in our market. The Bank will also use borrowings and brokered deposits to meet its obligations. 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are the Bank s most significant commitment in both the under and over one-year time periods. These commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements in that these commitments often expire without being drawn upon. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies." 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 No material changes in the Corporation s market risk occurred during the period ended September 30, 2024. A detailed discussion of market risk is provided in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" including Liquidity and Interest Sensitivity, in the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management is responsible for the disclosure controls and procedures of the Corporation. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be so disclosed by an issuer is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 
 62 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Corporation is periodically subject to various pending and threatened legal actions that involve claims for monetary relief. Based upon information presently available to the Corporation, it is the Corporation's opinion that any legal and financial responsibility arising from such claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes in risk factors applicable to the Corporation from those disclosed in "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 The following table provides information on repurchases by the Corporation of its common stock under the Corporation's Board approved program. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average 
 Price Paid 
 per Share 1 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1 31, 2024 21,603 22.95 21,603 674,771 August 1 31, 2024 73,411 26.72 73,411 601,360 September 1 30, 2024 61,714 28.08 61,714 539,646 Total 156,728 26.74 156,728 
 1. Average price paid per share includes stock repurchase excise tax. 
 
 On October 26, 2022, the Corporation's Board of Directors approved the repurchase of 1,000,000 shares, or approximately 3.4 of the Corporation's common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2022. On October 23, 2024, the Corporation's Board of Directors approved the repurchase of an additional 1,000,000 shares, or approximately 3.4 of the Corporation's common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The stock repurchase plans do not include normal treasury activity such as purchases to fund the dividend reinvestment, employee stock purchase and equity compensation plans. The stock repurchase plan has no scheduled expiration date, and the Board of Directors has the right to suspend or discontinue the plan at any time. 
 
 In addition to the repurchases disclosed above, participants in the Corporation's stock-based incentive plans may have shares withheld to cover income taxes upon the vesting of restricted stock awards and may use a stock swap to exercise stock options. Shares withheld to cover income taxes upon the vesting of restricted stock awards and stock swaps to exercise stock options are repurchased pursuant to the terms of the applicable plan and not under the Corporation's share repurchase program. Shares repurchased pursuant to these plans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share July 1 31, 2024 August 1 31, 2024 September 1 30, 2024 Total 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 63 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Corporation's securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement." 
 64 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 a. Exhibits Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019. 
 Exhibit 3.2 Amended By-Laws are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022. 
 Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Jeffrey M. Schweitzer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Brian J. Richardson, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Jeffrey M. Schweitzer, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, pursuant to 18 United States Code Section 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Brian J. Richardson, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, pursuant to 18 United States Code Section 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 101 The following financial statements from the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to the Condensed Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 Exhibit 104 The cover page from the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL. 

65 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Univest Financial Corporation (Registrant) Date: October 29, 2024 /s/ Jeffrey M. Schweitzer Jeffrey M. Schweitzer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 29, 2024 /s/ Brian J. Richardson Brian J. Richardson Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 66 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 uvsp093024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jeffrey M. Schweitzer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Univest Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s Jeffrey M. Schweitzer Jeffrey M. Schweitzer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 uvsp093024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian J. Richardson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Univest Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s Brian J. Richardson Brian J. Richardson Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 uvsp093024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Univest Financial Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Corporation. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Univest Financial Corporation and will be retained by Univest Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 s Jeffrey M. Schweitzer Jeffrey M. Schweitzer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 29, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 uvsp093024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Univest Financial Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Corporation. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Univest Financial Corporation and will be retained by Univest Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 s Brian J. Richardson Brian J. Richardson Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) October 29, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 uvsp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 uvsp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 uvsp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 uvsp-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 uvsp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

