<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1941365_0001941365-24-000120.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7396988</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104909</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1322127</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2746592</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1600300</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1462237</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001941365-24-000120.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106135216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001941365-24-000120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MasterBrand, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001941365
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WOOD HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, (NO UPHOLSTERED) [2511]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				883479920
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41545
		FILM NUMBER:		241430181

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 ENTERPRISE PARKWAY, SUITE 300
		CITY:			BEACHWOOD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-877-622-4782

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 ENTERPRISE PARKWAY, SUITE 300
		CITY:			BEACHWOOD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001941365-24-000120.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 mbc-20240929.htm
 10-Q

mbc-20240929 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of each class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of November 1, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page No Part I - Financial Information 
 1 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 5 
 Notes To Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 Part II - Other Information 
 36 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 
 MasterBrand, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions, except per share amounts) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 NET SALES Cost of products sold GROSS PROFIT Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring charges OPERATING INCOME Interest expense Other income, net ) ) ) ) INCOME BEFORE TAXES Income tax expense NET INCOME Average Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Basic Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Basic Diluted 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 MasterBrand, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 NET INCOME Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Unrealized (losses) gains on derivatives: Unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during period ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income ) ) Unrealized losses on derivatives ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax ) ) ) Income tax expense related to items of other comprehensive income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 MasterBrand, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Operating lease right-of-use assets, net of accumulated amortization Goodwill Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Current portion of long-term debt Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Pension and other postretirement plan liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Contingencies and Accrued Losses (Note 14) 
 per share; authorized million shares; 
 million issued and million outstanding as of September 29, 2024 ; 
 million issued and million outstanding as of December 31, 2023) 
 Paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings TOTAL EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MasterBrand, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 39 Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Restructuring charges, net of cash payments ) Write-off and amortization of finance fees Stock-based compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Other items NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures (a) 
 ) ) Proceeds from the disposition of assets Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from revolving credit facility borrowings Issuance of Senior Notes 
 Repayment of revolving credit facility borrowings ) ) Repayment of term loan ) ) Payment of financing fees ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Payments of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards ) ) Other items ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (a) million and million that have not been paid as of September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively, were excluded from the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MasterBrand, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Treasury stock, at cost 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 (Loss) Income 
 Retained Earnings Total Equity (U.S. Dollars and shares presented in millions) Shares Amount Balance at December 25, 2022 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation ) Stock repurchase program ) ) ) Balance at September 24, 2023 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Stock repurchase program ) ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 
 ) ) 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MasterBrand, Inc. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

million solely related to damages caused by the tornado, and additional expenses were incurred throughout the remainder of fiscal 2023. These expenses included compensation costs that we continued to pay skilled labor at the Jackson facility to enable a timely ramp up of production upon re-opening the facility on March 27, 2023, the first day of our fiscal second quarter of 2023, as well as the write-off of damaged inventory, freight costs to move product to other warehouses and professional fees to secure and maintain the site. During fiscal 2023, we received million of insurance proceeds for direct costs caused by the tornado, consisting of million, million and million received during our second, third and fourth quarters, respectively. Both the expenses and insurance recoveries were recorded as a component of cost of products sold in the condensed consolidated statements of income. Upon receipt of the final insurance proceeds in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we considered this claim to be closed. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

2. 

Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses 
 In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03 to require more detailed information about specified categories of expenses (purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, amortization, and depletion) included in certain expense captions presented on the face of the income statement. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments may be applied either (1) prospectively to financial statements issued for reporting periods after the effective date of this ASU or (2) retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 
 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments set forth in the Merger Agreement. Supreme is a domestic manufacturer of residential cabinetry with a portfolio of product lines significantly focused on premium products. Supreme, with manufacturing facilities located in Minnesota, Iowa and North Carolina, and its two brands, Dura Supreme and Bertch cabinetry, crafts framed and frameless cabinetry for a nationwide network of dealers. The combined company is reaching more customers, through its highly complementary dealer networks, with greater efficiency and effectiveness. Through this transaction, MasterBrand broadened its portfolio of premium cabinetry in the resilient and attractive kitchen and bath categories, further diversifying its channel distribution and adding to its strategically located facility footprint. The acquisition was funded with a combination of cash on hand and proceeds from our revolving credit facility. million , which was determined as follows: 
 
 Cash paid for transaction costs of Supreme Repayment of Supreme existing indebtedness and accrued interest Total Cash Consideration Preliminary purchase price adjustments ) Total Preliminary Purchase Consideration 
 The purchase price of Supreme was allocated on a preliminary basis as of the closing date of July 10, 2024. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at estimated fair values based on management s estimates, available information, and supportable assumptions that management considered reasonable. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Supreme are recognized and measured at fair value. Due to the timing of acquisition close, the preliminary fair value estimates and assumptions are subject to change as we obtain additional information over the measurement period. The primary areas of the purchase accounting that remain preliminary for completion of the related valuations relate to, but are not limited to, property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets and the related deferred income tax impacts. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Other intangible assets Other assets Accounts payable Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Net Assets Acquired Goodwill Purchase Consideration 
 The estimated value of Property, Plant and Equipment includes adjustments totaling million to increase the net book value of million to the preliminary fair value estimate of million . This estimate is based on other comparable acquisitions and historical experience, and preliminary expectations as to the duration of time we expect to realize benefits from those assets. 
 
 The estimated fair values of identifiable intangible assets acquired were prepared using an income valuation approach, which requires a forecast of expected future cash flows either through the use of the relief-from-royalty method or the multi-period excess earnings method. The estimated useful lives are based on our historical experience and expectations as to the duration of time we expect to realize benefits from those assets. We applied significant judgment in determining the fair value of the intangible assets, which involved the use of Level 3 inputs, including estimates and assumptions of future revenues, royalty rates and discount rates. The estimated fair values of the identifiable intangible assets acquired, their estimated useful lives and the related valuation methodology are as follows: 
 
 years Multi-period excess earnings Tradenames Indefinite Relief from royalty method Total other intangible assets 
 The Company recognized million of goodwill , of which million is tax deductible. The million of goodwill recognized is attributable to synergies that are expected to enhance and expand the Company s overall product portfolio and opportunities in new and existing markets, future products that have yet to be determined and Supreme s assembled workforce. 
 The Company incurred million and million of acquisition-related costs associated with the acquisition in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 , respectively, which are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income 
 
 The following table summarizes, on a pro forma basis, the combined results of operations of Supreme and MasterBrand as though the acquisition and the related financing had occurred as of December 26, 2022. The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of either the actual consolidated results had the acquisition of Supreme occurred on December 26, 2022, nor are they indicative of future consolidated operating results. 
 Net Income 
 These pro forma amounts have been calculated after applying our accounting policies and making certain adjustments, which primarily include: (i) depreciation adjustments relating to fair value step-ups to property, plant and equipment; (ii) amortization adjustments relating to fair value estimates of acquired intangible assets; (iii) incremental interest expense associated with the revolving credit facility used, in part, to fund the acquisition, and related debt issuance costs; (iv) cost of products sold adjustments relating to fair value step-ups to inventory; and (v) transaction related costs of both MasterBrand and Supreme. 

4. 
 to days. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that we collect are excluded from revenue. The expected costs associated with our contractual warranties are recognized as expense when the products are sold. See Note 14, "Contingencies and Accrued Losses," for further discussion. 
 
 We record estimates to reduce revenue for customer programs and incentives, which are considered variable consideration, and include price discounts, volume-based incentives, promotions and cooperative advertising when revenue is recognized in order to determine the amount of consideration the Company will ultimately be entitled to receive. These estimates are based on historical and projected experience for each type of customer. In addition, for certain customer program incentives, we receive an identifiable benefit (goods or services) in exchange for the consideration given and record the associated expenditure in selling, general and administrative expenses. We account for shipping and handling costs that occur after the customer has obtained control of a product as a fulfillment activity (i.e., as an expense) rather than as a promised service (i.e., as a revenue element). These costs are classified within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Settlement of our outstanding accounts receivable balances normally occurs within to days of the original sale transaction date. Obligations arise for us from customer rights to return our goods, including among others, product obsolescence, stock rotations, trade-in agreements for newer products and upon termination of a customer contract. We estimate future product returns at the time of sale based on historical experience and record a corresponding refund obligation, which amounted to million and million as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Refund obligations are classified within other current liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Return assets related to the refund obligation are measured at the carrying amount of the goods at the time of sale, less any expected costs to recover the goods and any expected reduction in value. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Retailers (c) 
 Builders (d) 
 Net sales Net Sales by Shipping Location 
 United States 
 Canada 
 Mexico 
 Net sales 
 (a) Net sales by channel presented for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023 have been reclassified to conform with the new format of this table, which is intended to provide a consolidated view of our net sales by channel and shipping location. Prior to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, net sales by channel were presented for our domestic sales only. 
 (b) Represents sales to dealers whose end customers include builders, professional trades and home remodelers, inclusive of sales through our dealers respective internet website portals. 
 (c) Represents sales to Do-It-Yourself retailers, including our two largest customers: 1) Lowe s and 2) The Home Depot, inclusive of sales through their respective internet website portals. 
 
 Practical Expedients 
 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract include only those costs the Company incurs that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These costs are required to be recognized as assets and amortized over the period that the related goods or services transfer to the customer. As a practical expedient, we expense as incurred costs to obtain a contract when the expected amortization period is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Our primary allowance for credit losses is the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts reduces the trade accounts receivable balance to the estimated net realizable value that is expected to be collected. The allowance is based on assessments of current creditworthiness of customers, historical collection experience, the aging of receivables and other currently available evidence. Trade accounts receivable balances are written-off against the allowance if a final determination of uncollectibility is made. All provisions for allowances for doubtful collection of accounts are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Bad debt provision 
 Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries ) ) ) ) Ending balance 

5 . 
 Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities - stock-based awards Denominator for diluted earnings per share - weighted average shares outstanding Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 Approximately million and million shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, respectively, because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Work in process Finished products Total inventories Property, plant and equipment: Land and improvements Buildings and improvements to leaseholds Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Other current liabilities: Accrued salaries, wages and other compensation Accrued restructuring Accrued income and other taxes Accrued product warranties Interest payable Derivative payable Other accrued expenses Total other current liabilities 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 million and million as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Supreme acquisition 2024 translation adjustments ) Balance at September 29, 2024 
 
 Amortizable intangible assets Tradenames ) ) Customer and contractual relationships (a) 
 ) ) Patents/proprietary technology ) ) Total ) ) Total identifiable intangibles ) ) 
 (a) During the third quarter of 2024, we completed our acquisition of Supreme, acquiring Indefinite-lived tradenames of million and customer relationships of million. 

There were impairments of goodwill or indefinite-lived assets for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 . The Company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. There were no triggering events requiring an impairment assessment be conducted in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. However, it is possible that future changes in circumstances would require the Company to record additional non-cash impairment charges. 

14 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 to months subsequent to the latest balance sheet date. 
 
 Our primary foreign currency hedge contracts pertain to the Mexican peso and the Canadian dollar. The gross U.S. dollar equivalent notional amount of all foreign currency derivative hedges outstanding at September 29, 2024, was million, representing a net settlement liability of million. Based on foreign exchange rates as of September 29, 2024 , we estimate that the million of net derivative losses associated with cash flow hedges and included in accumulated other comprehensive inco me as of September 29, 2024, will be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months. 
 
 Total assets Liabilities: Foreign exchange contracts Other current liabilities Total liabilities 

15 

Table of Contents ) Less: reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income ) ) Unrealized losses on derivatives ) ) ) ) 
 
 The effects of fair value hedging financial instruments included in other income, net on the condensed consolidated statements of income for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 were: 
 
 Amount of (Gain) Loss Recognized in Earnings on Fair Value Hedging Relationships 13 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Foreign exchange contracts: Hedged items ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) Net losses recognized in earnings 

9. 
 Deferred compensation program assets (Level 2) Total assets Liabilities: Derivative liability financial instruments (Level 2) 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million compared to the carrying value of million , excluding deferred financing costs. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of total debt was equal to the carrying value of million , excluding deferred financing costs. 

10. 
 Term loan due November 2027 Revolving credit facility due June 2029 Senior Notes due 2032 
 Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) ) Total 
 
 2022 Credit Agreement 
 On November 18, 2022, the Company entered into a , billion credit agreement, consisting of a million term loan and a million revolving credit facility (the 2022 Credit Agreement ). The 2022 Credit Agreement was secured by certain assets as well as the guarantee of certain of our subsidiaries. The million term loan had quarterly required amortization payments that began in March 2023. 
 
 T he revolving credit facility was paid in full during the third quarter of fiscal 2023. During the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, the Company made total payments of million on the term loan, consisting of a million required payment due September 2023, and million of required amortization payments due during each of the next three quarters. As such, we were not required to make, nor did we make, any required amortization payments associated with the term loan during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 or in the first two quarters of fiscal 2024. In June 2024, the Company refinanced the 2022 Credit Agreement, including extinguishing and repaying all amounts outstanding under the existing term loan facility, inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 Interest rates under the 2022 Credit Agreement were variable based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR at the time of the borrowing and the Company s net leverage ratio, as measured by net leverage to our consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Consolidated EBITDA ). Interest rates could range from SOFR plus percent to SOFR plus percent. Net leverage was defined as consolidated total indebtedness minus certain cash and cash equivalents. Consolidated EBITDA was defined as consolidated net income before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, losses from asset impairments, and certain other one-time adjustments. The net leverage ratio was not permitted to exceed to 1.00 at the initial borrowing through the second fiscal quarter of 2023, adjusting downward in various future quarters before settling at to 1.00 in January 2025. The Company was also required to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio, defined as Consolidated EBITDA compared to consolidated interest expense, of to 1.0. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants under the 2022 Credit Agreement through the date of the June 2024 refinancing transaction. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of percent Senior Notes due 2032 (the Senior Notes and entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the 2024 Credit Agreement ), which amended and restated the 2022 Credit Agreement. The Company used the funds from the refinancing transaction, and cash on-hand, to: 1) refinance the 2022 Credit Agreement (including repaying all amounts outstanding under the existing term loan, inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest), 2) fund the previously announced acquisition of Supreme on July 10, 2024, and 3) to pay all fees and expenses related to the foregoing transactions. 
 
 The Senior Notes were issued under the Indenture dated as of June 27, 2024 (the Indenture at par. The Senior Notes are the Company s unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations and are guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by each of the Company s existing and future subsidiaries that are borrowers under or guarantors of the 2024 Credit Agreement. The Senior Notes will mature on July 15, 2032. Interest on the Senior Notes will accrue at a rate of percent per annum and will be payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15, beginning on January 15, 2025. 
 
 The Senior Notes had an outstanding balance of million as of September 29, 2024. As of September 29, 2024, prepaid debt issuance costs related to the Notes were million and are being amortized over the term of the debt. These costs are included in long-term debt in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time prior to July 15, 2027 at a redemption price equal to 100 percent of the principal amount of the Senior Notes redeemed plus a premium and accrued and unpaid interest. At any time and from time to time on or after July 15, 2027, the Company may, at its option, redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at the applicable redemption price set forth in the Indenture plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, at any time and from time to time prior to July 15, 2027, the Company may, at its option, redeem up to 40 percent of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at the applicable redemption price set forth in the Indenture. 
 
 The Indenture contains certain covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations and restrictions on the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) to (i) incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness, (ii) make restricted payments, (iii) create, incur or assume liens or use assets as security in other transactions, (iv) merge, consolidate, or sell, transfer, lease or dispose of substantially all of their assets, (v) sell or transfer certain assets, (vi) enter into or conduct transactions with affiliates of the Company and (vii) agree to certain restrictions or encumbrances on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends, make loans or advances, or to otherwise transfer property or assets to the Company or other restricted subsidiaries. These covenants are subject to a number of important conditions, qualifications, exceptions and limitations. The Indenture also includes customary events of default. Certain of the foregoing covenants will be suspended in the event that (i) the Senior Notes receive investment grade ratings from any two of Fitch Ratings Inc., Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or S P Global Ratings and (ii) no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Indenture. The Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants under the Indenture as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement provides for a , million revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility is not subject to amortization and will mature in June 2029. The 2024 Credit Agreement is secured by certain assets as well as the guarantee of certain of our subsidiaries. Interest rates under the revolving credit facility are variable based on the SOFR, or, at the Company s option, at a base reference rate equal to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus percent, (ii) the rate of interest last quoted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent as its prime rate and (iii) the one-month SOFR rate plus percent (the Base Rate ), plus, as applicable, a margin ranging from percent to percent per annum for SOFR-based loans and ranging from percent to percent per annum for Base Rate-based loans, in each case, depending on the Company s net leverage ratio. The Company will also pay customary agency fees and a commitment fee based on the daily unused portion of the revolving credit facility ranging from percent to percent per annum, depending on its net leverage ratio. 
 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and restrictive covenants. The restrictive covenants limit the Company and its subsidiaries ability to, among other things, (i) incur indebtedness, (ii) create liens on the Company s or such subsidiaries assets, (iii) engage in fundamental changes, (iv) make investments, (v) sell or otherwise dispose of assets, (vi) engage in sale-leaseback transactions, (vii) make restricted payments, (viii) engage in certain transactions with affiliates and (ix) enter into agreements restricting the ability of the Company s subsidiaries to make distributions to the Company or incur liens on their assets. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

to 1:00 and (ii) in the case of any fiscal quarter ending on or following March 31, 2025, to 1:00 or, if the Company consummates any material acquisition, then the Company s net leverage ratio shall not exceed to 1.00 for the applicable fiscal quarter in which such acquisition is consummated and the three consecutive fiscal quarters thereafter. The Company is also required to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of to 1.00. The 2024 Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the termination of commitments under the revolving credit facility, the acceleration of all outstanding amounts thereunder and the requirement to cash collateralize outstanding letters of credit. The Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants under the 2024 Credit Agreement as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 The revolving credit facility had an outstanding balance of million as of September 29, 2024 and had million of availability. Availability under the million revolving credit facility is reduced by the outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility and outstanding letters of credit. As of September 29, 2024, prepaid debt issuance costs related to the 2024 Credit Agreement were million and will be amortized over the term of the debt. At September 29, 2024, these costs are included in other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, respectively. 

11. 
 million and million, respectively. For the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, we recognized restructuring charges of million and million. Restructuring charges for all periods presented are largely related to severance costs and other employee-related costs in order to better align our workforce with our forecasted demand within our manufacturing footprint. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ) Other (b) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) Balance at June 25, 2023 Provision Cash Expenditures (a) 
 Non-cash Writeoffs Balance at September 24, 2023 Workforce reduction costs ) Other (b) 
 ) ) 
 (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) Balance at December 31, 2023 Provision Cash Expenditures (a) 
 Non-cash Writeoffs Balance at September 29, 2024 Workforce reduction costs ) Other (b) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) Balance at December 25, 2022 Provision Cash Expenditures (a) 
 Non-cash Writeoffs Balance at September 24, 2023 Workforce reduction costs ) Other (b) 
 ) ) 
 (a) Cash expenditures primarily related to severance charges. 

12. 
 
 percent and percent, respectively. The net increase in the effective tax rate between the periods is primarily due to nondeductible acquisition-related transaction costs, an increase in nondeductible stock compensation and changes in foreign income inclusions with offsetting foreign tax credits, partially offset by favorable return-to-provision adjustments and a decrease in the deferred tax liability for foreign earnings. 
 
 The difference between our effective income tax rate for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 percent is due to the unfavorable impact of state and local income taxes, nondeductible compensation, nondeductible acquisition-related transaction costs and foreign income inclusions with offsetting tax credits, partially offset by favorable return-to-provision adjustments and the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates. 
 
 The difference between our effective income tax rate for the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 percent is due to the unfavorable changes in state and local income taxes, nondeductible compensation, foreign income inclusions with offsetting foreign tax credits and recognition of a deferred tax liability for foreign earnings, partially offset by the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 percent and percent, respectively. The net decrease in the effective tax rate between the periods is primarily related to favorable return-to-provision adjustments, the stock compensation windfall benefit for shares which vested and a decrease in the deferred tax liability for foreign earnings, partially offset by nondeductible acquisition-related transaction costs and nondeductible compensation. 
 
 The difference between our effective income tax rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 percent is due to the unfavorable impact of state and local income taxes, foreign income inclusions with offsetting tax credits, nondeductible compensation and nondeductible acquisition-related transaction costs, partially offset by favorable return-to-provision adjustments , the stock compensation windfall benefit for shares which vested and the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates. 
 
 The difference between the Company s effective income tax rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 percent is due to unfavorable changes in state and local income taxes, nondeductible compensation, foreign income inclusions with offsetting foreign tax credits, recognition of a deferred tax liability for foreign earnings and changes due to foreign tax return filings, partially offset by the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates. 

13. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Net periodic cost (benefit) ) 
 Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits 39 Weeks Ended 39 Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Net periodic cost (benefit) ) 
 21 

Table of Contents 

14. 

Provision for warranties issued Settlements made (in cash or in kind) ) ) ) ) Reserve balance at the end of the period 
 
 Litigation 
 
 The Company is a defendant in lawsuits that are ordinary routine litigation matters incidental to our business and operations. In addition, other matters, including tax assessments, audits, claims and governmental investigations and proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending against us. It is not possible to predict the outcome of the pending actions, and, as with any such matters, it is possible that these actions could be decided unfavorably to the Company. The Company believes that there are meritorious defenses to these actions and that these actions will not have a material adverse effect upon the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, and where appropriate, these actions are being vigorously contested. Accordingly, the Company believes the likelihood of material loss is remote. However, such matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings or other events could occur. The Company regularly undergoes tax audits in various jurisdictions in which our products are sold or manufactured. In the future, costs related to such audits or an unfavorable outcome could have a material impact on our condensed consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Following an audit for the 2018 tax year, the Mexican tax administration service, the Servicio de Administraci n Tributaria, (the SAT ), issued a tax assessment in the amount of approximately million to our subsidiary, Woodcrafters Home Products, S. de R.L. de C.V., for allegedly failing to make certain tax payments and to export timely certain merchandise. The Company disputed these findings and the SAT annulled their decision on January 11, 2024. In order to prevent the 2018 tax year from further audit by the SAT, the Company has filed an action to declare this annulment final in the specialized court of trade and customs in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Sala Especializada en Materia de Comercio Exterior y Auxiliar Noreste, Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa. We reserved an immaterial amount related to the 2018 tax year audit as our best estimate of our probable liability as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023. While we cannot predict with certainty the outcome of any future review relating to the 2018 tax year or other open tax years, based on currently known information, we believe our risk of additional loss is remote and not estimable. 
 
 Environmental 
 We reserve for remediation activities to clean up potential environmental liabilities as required by federal and state laws based on our best estimate of undiscounted future costs, excluding possible insurance recoveries or recoveries from other third parties. There were no material environmental accruals as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 ) ) ) Amounts classified into accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 ) ) ) ) Balance at June 25, 2023 ) ) Amounts classified into accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings ) ) Net current period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at September 24, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) Foreign Currency Adjustments Derivative Hedging Gain (Loss) Pension and Other Postretirement Plans Adjustments Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Amounts classified into accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Amounts reclassified into earnings Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 25, 2022 ) ) ) Amounts classified into accumulated other comprehensive income Amounts reclassified into earnings ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 24, 2023 ) ) ) 

23 

Table of Contents 

16. 
 million of our common stock over a period at management s discretion for general corporate purposes. As a result of this authorization, we may repurchase shares from time to time through open market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions, block trades or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and under Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing and amount of our purchases will depend upon prevailing market conditions, our available capital resources, our financial and operational performance, alternative uses of capital and other factors. We may limit or terminate the repurchase program at any time. 
 
 During the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock under this program. The shares were repurchased at a cost of approximately million, or an average of per share, during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. During the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, we repurchased and shares of our common stock under this program, respectively. The shares were repurchased at a cost of approximately million and million, respectively, or an average of and per share, respectively, during the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 million remained authorized for purchase under our stock repurchase program. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, other than purely historical information, including, but not limited to, estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the word believes, expects, anticipates, intends, projects, estimates, plans, may increase, may fluctuate, and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, would, may, and could are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. Where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of our management. Although we believe that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions, they are subject to numerous factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those indicated in such statements. These factors include those listed under Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 within Part I, Item 1A and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024 within Part II, Item 1A. 
 
 The forward-looking statements included in this document are made as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and, except pursuant to any obligations to disclose material information under the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify any forward-looking statements to reflect events, new information or circumstances occurring after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Some of the important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any such forward-looking statements include: 
 
 Our ability to develop and expand our business; 
 Our ability to develop new products or respond to changing consumer preferences and purchasing practices; 
 Our anticipated financial resources and capital spending; 
 Our ability to manage costs; 
 Our ability to effectively manage manufacturing operations and capacity, or an inability to maintain the quality of our products; 
 The impact of our dependence on third parties to source raw materials and our ability to obtain raw materials in a timely manner or fluctuations in raw material costs; 
 Our ability to accurately price our products; 
 Our projections of future performance, including future revenues, capital expenditures, gross margins, and cash flows; 
 The effects of competition and consolidation of competitors in our industry; 
 Costs of complying with evolving tax and other regulatory requirements and the effect of actual or alleged violations of tax, environmental or other laws; 
 The effect of climate change and unpredictable seasonal and weather factors; 
 Conditions in the housing market in the United States and Canada; 
 The expected strength of our existing customers and consumers and any loss or reduction in business from one or more of our key customers or increased buying power of large customers; 
 Information systems interruptions or intrusions or the unauthorized release of confidential information concerning customers, employees, or other third parties; 
 Worldwide economic, geopolitical and business conditions and risks associated with doing business on a global basis; 
 The effects of a public health crisis or other unexpected event; 
 The inability to recognize, or delays in obtaining, anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Supreme Cabinetry Brands, Inc. (the Acquisition ), including synergies, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain key employees; 
 The impact of our current and any additional future debt obligations on our business, current and future operations, profitability and our ability to meet other obligations; 
 Business disruption following the Acquisition; 
 Diversion of management time on Acquisition-related issues; 
 The reaction of customers and other persons to the Acquisition; and 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Other statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding items that are not historical facts or that involve predictions. 

Introduction 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is a supplement to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements of MasterBrand and its consolidated subsidiaries and provides additional information on our business, recent developments, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 MD A is organized as follows: 
 
 Overview : This section provides a general description of our business, as well as recent developments we believe are important in understanding our results of operations and financial condition or in understanding anticipated future trends. 
 
 Basis of Presentation : This section provides a discussion of the basis on which our condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared. 
 
 Results of Operations : Our consolidated financial statements are based on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Sunday in December in each calendar year. This section provides an analysis of our results of operations for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 as compared to September 24, 2023. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to years and quarters contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pertain to our fiscal years and fiscal quarters. Additionally, unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to: (1) 2024, or fiscal 2024 refers to our 2024 fiscal year that is a 52-week period that will end on December 29, 2024; and (2) 2023, or fiscal 2023 refers to our 2023 fiscal year that was a 53-week period that ended on December 31, 2023. Furthermore, unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to: (1) the third quarter of 2024 refers to the thirteen week period that ended on September 29, 2024; (2) the third quarter of 2023 refers to the thirteen week period that ended on September 24, 2023; (3) the first three quarters of 2024 refers to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024; and (4) the first three quarters of 2023 refers to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources : This section provides a discussion of our financial condition and an analysis of our cash flows for our thirty-nine week period that ended on September 29, 2024 as compared to our thirty-nine week period that ended on September 24, 2023. This section also provides a discussion of our ability to fund our future commitments and ongoing operating activities through internal and external sources of capital. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards : This section identifies our adoption of recently issued accounting standards. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates : This section identifies and summarizes those accounting policies that significantly impact our reported results of operations and financial condition and require significant judgment or estimates on the part of management in their application. 
 
 Overview 
 Founded ~ 70 years ago, we are the largest manufacturer of residential cabinets in North America. Our superior product quality, innovative design and service excellence drives a compelling value proposition. We have insight into the fashion and features consumers desire, which we use to tailor our product lines across price points. Our volume leadership allows us to achieve an advantaged cost structure and service platform by standardizing product platforms and components to the greatest extent possible resulting in an improved facility footprint and an efficient supply chain. Further, our decades of experience have informed how we use global geographies to optimize procurement and manufacturing costs. Finally, with the most extensive dealer network throughout the United States and Canada, we have an advantaged distribution model that cannot be easily replicated. We expect to further extend our competitive advantages by using technology and data to enhance the consumer s experience from visualization to ordering to delivery and installation. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 On July 10, 2024, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding limited liability interests of Dura Investment Holdings LLC, parent company of Supreme, a cabinetry company, from GHK Capital Partners LP. Supreme is a domestic manufacturer of residential cabinetry with a portfolio of product lines significantly focused on premium products. Supreme, with manufacturing facilities located in Minnesota, Iowa and North Carolina, and its two brands, Dura Supreme and Bertch cabinetry, crafts framed and frameless cabinetry for a nationwide network of dealers. The combined company is reaching more customers, through its highly complementary dealer networks, with greater efficiency and effectiveness. Through this transaction, MasterBrand broadened its portfolio of premium cabinetry in the resilient and attractive kitchen and bath categories, further diversifying its channel distribution and adding to its strategically located facility footprint. The acquisition was funded with a combination of cash on hand and proceeds from our revolving credit facility. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Our consolidated financial statements are based on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Sunday in December in each calendar year and have been principally derived from the consolidated financial statements of our Company and its consolidated subsidiaries using the historical results of operations, and historical basis of assets and liabilities. Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion of condensed consolidated results of operations refers to the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 Compared to the Thirteen Weeks Ended September 24, 2023 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) September 29, 2024 change change September 24, 2023 NET SALES 718.1 40.8 6.0 677.3 Cost of products sold 480.1 40.3 9.2 439.8 GROSS PROFIT 238.0 0.5 0.2 237.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 166.3 26.0 18.5 140.3 Amortization of intangible assets 6.3 2.7 75.0 3.6 Restructuring charges 7.8 6.4 457.1 1.4 OPERATING INCOME 57.6 (34.6) (37.5) 92.2 Interest expense 20.0 4.7 30.7 15.3 Other income, net (1.8) (0.8) 80.0 (1.0) INCOME BEFORE TAXES 39.4 (38.5) (49.4) 77.9 Income tax expense 10.3 (7.9) (43.4) 18.2 NET INCOME 29.1 (30.6) (51.3) 59.7 
 Net sales 
 Net sales were 718.1 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to 677.3 million for the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, an increase of 40.8 million, or 6.0 percent. The higher net sales, compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, were primarily driven by the acquisition of Supreme, which contributed 60.8 million of incremental net sales. Excluding the impact of Supreme, the 20.0 million decrease in net sales from the third quarter of 2023 was driven primarily by the combined net impact of price and mix on our overall average selling price, which accounted for 14.0 percent of the 20.0 million decrease. Sales unit volume was essentially flat year over year. Overall end-market demand was softer in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 in the repair and remodel markets, while single-family new construction was stronger in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, net sales to dealers, whose end customers include builders, professional trades and home remodelers, increased 25.1 million, or 6.8 percent, net sales to retailers, including through their respective retail internet website portals, increased 0.8 million, or 0.3 percent, and net sales directly to builders increased 14.9 million, or 18.9 percent. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Foreign currency impact was unfavorable by 0.4 million during the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 Cost of products sold 
 Cost of products sold increased by 40.3 million, or 9.2 percent, to 480.1 million (66.9 percent of net sales) in the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 439.8 million (64.9 percent of net sales) in the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. The 40.3 million increase in cost of products sold is due primarily to the acquisition of Supreme, which contributed 40.6 million of incremental cost of products sold, includi ng recognition of 2.2 million of cost of products sold related to the fair value step-up in inventory value at the date of acquisition. Excluding the impact of Supreme, cost of products sold for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was comparable to our cost of products sold during the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, as the year-over-year increase in realized savings from various cost reduction actions and lower variable compensation was offset by the combined net impact of price and mix and inflation in inbound transportation and labor costs. Additionally, the third quarter of 2023 was favorably impacted by 2.0 million of insurance recoveries related to the tornado at our Jackson, Georgia facility and 3.0 million of accumulated medical rebates related to the favorable renegotiation of our health insurance program that did not recur in the current year. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 26.0 million, or 18.5 percent, to 166.3 million (23.2 percent of net sales) in the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to 140.3 million (20.7 percent of net sales) in the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase in the third quarter of 2024 is primarily due to acquisition-related costs 15.0 million) associated with the acquisition of Supreme , the inclusion of Supreme 12.1 million) and increased associate-related costs, net of lower variable compensation 2.4 million). 
 
 Restructuring charges 
 Restructuring charges were 7.8 million in the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, compared to restructuring charges of 1.4 million in the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. Charges in the third quarter of 2024 include severance costs, facility closure costs and other employee-related costs in order to better align our workforce with our forecasted demand within our manufacturing footprint. 
 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense was 20.0 million in the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 15.3 million in the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase in the third quarter of 2024 is due primarily to the unfavorable impact of higher outstanding debt in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the third quarter of 2023, in connection with the funding of the Supreme acquisition. 
 
 Other income, net 
 Other income, net was 1.8 million in the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024, an increase of 0.8 million as compared to other expense, net of 1.0 million in the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. This increase was due primarily to transactional foreign currency gains in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Income taxes 
 Our condensed consolidated income before taxes, income tax expense, and effective tax rate for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 were as follows: 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions, except percentages) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Income before taxes 39.4 77.9 Income tax expense 10.3 18.2 Effective tax rate 26.1 23.4 
 28 

Table of Contents 

The effective income tax rates for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, were 26.1 percent and 23.4 percent , respectively. The net increase in the effective tax rate between the periods is primarily due to nondeductible acquisition-related transaction costs, an increase in nondeductible stock compensation and changes in foreign income inclusions with offsetting foreign tax credits, partially offset by favorable return-to-provision adjustments and a decrease in the deferred tax liability for foreign earnings. 
 
 The difference between our effective income tax rate for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 , and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 percent is due to the unfavorable impact of state and local income taxes, nondeductible compensation, nondeductible acquisition-related transaction costs and foreign income inclusions with offsetting tax credits, partially offset by favorable return-to-provision adjustments and the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates. 
 
 The difference between our effective income tax rate for the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 percent is due to the unfavorable changes in state and local income taxes, nondeductible compensation, foreign income inclusions with offsetting foreign tax credits and recognition of a deferred tax liability for foreign earnings, partially offset by the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates. 
 
 The following discussion of condensed consolidated results of operations refers to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 Compared to the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 24, 2023 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) September 29, 2024 change change September 24, 2023 NET SALES 2,032.7 (16.4) (0.8) 2,049.1 Cost of products sold 1,359.0 (11.8) (0.9) 1,370.8 GROSS PROFIT 673.7 (4.6) (0.7) 678.3 Selling, general and administrative expenses 450.8 33.5 8.0 417.3 Amortization of intangible assets 13.7 2.1 18.1 11.6 Restructuring charges 11.0 6.9 168.3 4.1 OPERATING INCOME 198.2 (47.1) (19.2) 245.3 Interest expense 54.7 4.8 9.6 49.9 Other income, net (5.0) (4.9) n/m (1) 
 (0.1) INCOME BEFORE TAXES 148.5 (47.0) (24.0) 195.5 Income tax expense 36.6 (13.0) (26.2) 49.6 NET INCOME 111.9 (34.0) (23.3) 145.9 
 ___________ 
 (1) Not meaningful. 
 Net sales 
 Net sales were 2,032.7 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to 2,049.1 million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, a decrease of 16.4 million, or 0.8 percent. The lower net sales, compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, were driven by the combined net impact of price and mix on our overall average selling price, partially offset by an increase in sales unit volume. Excluding the 60.8 million of incremental sales in the third quarter of 2024 related to the Supreme acquisition, the increased sales unit volume offset 9.0 percent of the gross year over year decrease in net sales. Overall end-market demand was softer in the first three quarters of 2024 as compared to the first three quarters of 2023 in the repair and remodel markets, while single-family new construction strengthened in the first three quarters of 2024. 
 
 Compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, net sales to dealers, whose end customers include builders, professional trades and home remodelers, declined 32.7 million, or 3.0 percent, and net sales to retailers, including through their respective retail internet website portals, declined 21.1 million, or 2.9 percent. Net sales directly to builders increased 37.4 million, or 16.4 percent. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign currency impact was unfavorable by 0.7 million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 Cost of products sold 
 Cost of products sold decreased by 11.8 million, or 0.9 percent, to 1,359.0 million (66.9 percent of net sales) in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 1,370.8 million (66.9 percent of net sales) in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The 11.8 million decrease in cost of products sold in the first three quarters of 2024 is due primarily to the combined net impact of price and mix. This overall decrease was also a function of a year-over-year increase in realized savings from various cost reduction actions, carry over deflation in commodity costs and inbound transportation, and 5.2 million of net incremental costs in the first three quarters of 2023 9.4 million of gross costs, less 4.2 million of insurance recoveries) related to the tornado at the Jackson, Georgia facility that did not recur in the current year . This overall decrease was partially offset by the impact of increased sales unit volume, which offset 8.9 percent of the gross year-over-year decrease in cost of products sold, the acquisition of Supreme, which contributed to 40.6 million of cost of products sold and 3.0 million of accumulated medical rebates in 2023 related to the favorable renegotiation of our health insurance program that did not recur in the current year. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 33.5 million, or 8.0 percent, to 450.8 million (22.2 percent of net sales) in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to 417.3 million (20.4 percent of net sales) in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase in the first three quarters of 2024 is primarily due to increased acquisition-related costs 19.4 million) associated with the acquisition of Supreme, the inclusion of Supreme 12.1 million) and associate-related costs 12.8 million), including salaries and incentive compensation, and professional support fees 5.8 million). These increases are partially offset by lower distribution and commission costs 9.5 million), as a result of the decrease in net sales. The first three quarters of 2023 included 2.3 million of costs directly related to the separation from Fortune Brands, which did not recur in 2024. 
 
 Restructuring charges 
 Restructuring charges were 11.0 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, as compared to restructuring charges of 4.1 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. Charges in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 are largely related to severance costs, facility closure costs and other employee-related costs in order to better align our workforce with our forecasted demand within our manufacturing footprint. 
 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense was 54.7 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 49.9 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The first three quarters of 2024 include 6.5 million of nonrecurring interest expense incurred in connection with the debt refinancing transaction, including the write-off of deferred financing fees. This increase was partially offset by the favorable impact of lower average outstanding debt in the first half of 2024 as compared to the first half of 2023, as strong cash from operations throughout fiscal 2023 was used, in part, to pay down our revolving credit facility and term loan included as part of the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 Other income expense, net 
 Other income, net was 5.0 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, an increase of 4.9 million as compared to other expense, net of 0.1 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. This increase was due primarily to transactional foreign currency gains recorded in the first three quarters of 2024. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Income taxes 
 Our condensed consolidated income before taxes, income tax expense, and effective tax rate for the thirty-nine week periods ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 were as follows: 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions, except percentages) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Income before taxes 148.5 195.5 Income tax expense 36.6 49.6 Effective tax rate 24.6 25.4 
 
 The effective income tax rates for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, were 24.6 percent and 25.4 percent, respectively. The net decrease in the effective tax rate between the periods is primarily related to favorable return-to-provision adjustments, the stock compensation windfall benefit for shares which vested and a decrease in the deferred tax liability for foreign earnings, partially offset by nondeductible acquisition-related transaction costs and nondeductible compensation. 
 
 The difference between our effective income tax rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 , and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 percent is due to the unfavorable impact of state and local income taxes, foreign income inclusions with offsetting tax credits, nondeductible compensation and nondeductible acquisition-related transaction costs, partially offset by favorable return-to-provision adjustments , the stock compensation windfall benefit for shares which vested and the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates. 
 
 The difference between our effective income tax rate for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, and the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 percent is due to unfavorable changes in state and local income taxes, nondeductible compensation, foreign income inclusions with offsetting foreign tax credits, recognition of a deferred tax liability for foreign earnings and changes due to foreign tax return filings, partially offset by the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our operating income is generated by our subsidiaries. There are generally no restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to MasterBrand, other than the fact our subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied before funding us and such dividends are subject to applicable local law and may be limited due to terms of other contractual arrangements, including our indebtedness. We periodic ally review our portfolio of brands, manufacturing and supply chain footprint, and evaluate potential strategic transactions to increase stockholder value. However, we cannot predict whether or when we may enter into acquisitions, joint ventures or dispositions, or what impact any such transactions could have on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Our cash flows from operations, borrowing availability and overall liquidity are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in the section entitled Risk Factors within Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024 within Part II, Item 1A. 
 
 On November 18, 2022, we entered into a 5-year, 1.25 billion credit agreement, consisting of a 750.0 million term loan and a 500.0 million revolving credit facility. The 2022 Credit Agreement was secured by certain assets as well as the guarantee of certain of our subsidiaries. 
 
 On June 27, 2024, the Company refinanced this debt by completing the Offering of 700.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes and entered into the 2024 Credit Agreement. The Company used the funds from the refinancing transaction, and cash on-hand, to: 1) refinance the 2022 Credit Agreement (including repaying all amounts outstanding under the existing term loan, inclusive of accrued and unpaid interest), 2) fund the previously announced acquisition of Supreme on July 10, 2024, and 3) to pay all fees and expenses related to the foregoing transactions. In July 2024, upon closing, we funded the acquisition with a combination of cash on hand and 430.0 million of proceeds from the revolving credit facility provided for by the 2024 Credit Agreement (see Note 10, "Debt," for further details). 
 31 

Table of Contents 

The Senior Notes will mature on July 15, 2032. Interest on the Senior Notes will accrue at a rate of 7.00 percent per annum and will be payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15, beginning on January 15, 2025. 
 
 The Indenture contains certain covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations and restrictions on the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) to (i) incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness, (ii) make restricted payments, (iii) create, incur or assume liens or use assets as security in other transactions, (iv) merge, consolidate, or sell, transfer, lease or dispose of substantially all of their assets, (v) sell or transfer certain assets, (vi) enter into or conduct transactions with affiliates of the Company and (vii) agree to certain restrictions or encumbrances on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends, make loans or advances, or to otherwise transfer property or assets to the Company or other restricted subsidiaries. These covenants are subject to a number of important conditions, qualifications, exceptions and limitations. The Indenture also includes customary events of default. Certain of the foregoing covenants will be suspended in the event that (i) the Senior Notes receive investment grade ratings from any two of Fitch Ratings Inc., Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or S P Global Ratings and (ii) no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Indenture. The Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants under the Indenture as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 The revolving credit facility under the 2024 Credit Agreement is not subject to amortization and will mature in June 2029. The 2024 Credit Agreement is secured by certain assets as well as the guarantee of certain of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Interest rates on the revolving credit facility are variable based on the SOFR, or, at the Company s option, at a base reference rate equal to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 percent, (ii) the rate of interest last quoted by the Administrative Agent (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) as its prime rate and (iii) the one-month SOFR rate plus 1.00 percent (the Base Rate ), plus, as applicable, a margin ranging from 1.625 percent to 2.25 percent per annum for SOFR-based loans and ranging from 0.625 percent to 1.25 percent per annum for Base Rate-based loans, in each case, depending on the Company s net leverage ratio. The Company will also pay customary agency fees and a commitment fee based on the daily unused portion of the revolving credit facility ranging from 0.20 percent to 0.30 percent per annum, depending on its net leverage ratio. 
 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, and restrictive covenants. The restrictive covenants limit the Company and its subsidiaries ability to, among other things, (i) incur indebtedness, (ii) create liens on the Company s or such subsidiaries assets, (iii) engage in fundamental changes, (iv) make investments, (v) sell or otherwise dispose of assets, (vi) engage in sale-leaseback transactions, (vii) make restricted payments, (viii) engage in certain transactions with affiliates and (ix) enter into agreements restricting the ability of the Company s subsidiaries to make distributions to the Company or incur liens on their assets. 
 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that does not permit the Company to allow its net leverage ratio to exceed (i) in the case of any fiscal quarter ending on or prior to December 31, 2024, 3.50 to 1:00 and (ii) in the case of any fiscal quarter ending on or following March 31, 2025, 3.25 to 1:00 or, if the Company consummates any material acquisition, then the Company s net leverage ratio shall not exceed 3.75 to 1.00 for the applicable fiscal quarter in which such acquisition is consummated and the three consecutive fiscal quarters thereafter. The Company is also required to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00 to 1.00. The 2024 Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the termination of commitments under the revolving credit facility, the acceleration of all outstanding amounts thereunder and the requirement to cash collateralize outstanding letters of credit. The Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants under the 2024 Credit Agreement as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, we had 1,062.3 million outstanding in third-party borrowings, net of deferred financing fees. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 Below is a summary of cash flows for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023. 
 Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended (U.S. Dollars presented in millions) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 176.9 336.5 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (541.9) (21.1) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 331.3 (292.1) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (5.6) (1.9) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (39.3) 21.4 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 176.9 million in the first three quarters of 2024 as compared to 336.5 million in the first three quarters of 2023. In the first three quarters of 2024, the movement in accounts receivable was 2.3 million unfavorable. In the first three quarters of 2023, our accounts receivable decreased 60.1 million as a result of improvements in our collection processes throughout 2023. In the first three quarters of 2024, the movement in inventory was 32.5 million unfavorable, reflective of the normal seasonal build in inventory from year-end. The first three quarters of 2023 had favorable movement in inventory of 103.9 million. In 2022, we executed an intentional build in inventory in the first three quarters of the year in order to mitigate the impact of an uncertain and volatile global supply chain environment. The favorable inventory movement in the first three quarters of 2023 reflected our efforts to more efficiently manage our inventory levels in the supply chain environment, which have continued through the first three quarters of 2024. Accounts payable was 18.0 million favorable in the first three quarters of 2024, reflective of the increased purchasing associated with the higher inventory balance from year-end, as compared to unfavorable accounts payable movement of 42.8 million in the first three quarters of 2023 as a result of decreased purchasing levels aligned with our inventory management. Restructuring charges, net of cash payments, was 4.3 million favorable in the first three quarters of 2024 as compared to 13.9 million unfavorable in the first three quarters of 2023. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 541.9 million in the first three quarters of 2024, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 21.1 million in first three quarters of 2023. The year-over-year increase is due to the acquisition of Supreme, net of cash acquired, of 515.7 million and increased capital expenditures as compared to the prior year. These increases were partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of a former manufacturing facility site in the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 331.3 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 as compared to net cash used of 292.1 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. In the first three quarters of 2023, we used strong cash flows from operations to pay down 272.5 million of debt. In the first three quarters of 2024, our 712.5 million term loan was repaid, and replaced with 700.0 million of Senior Notes as a result of the refinancing transaction completed in the second quarter. In the first three quarters of 2024, we used 430.0 million of proceeds from the revolving credit facility provided for by the 2024 Credit Agreement to fund the Supreme acquisition. We have subsequently paid down 55.0 million on the revolving credit facility through the usage of cash flow from operations. The first three quarters of 2024 also included the payment of 17.8 million of financing fees. 
 
 We believe that our cash and cash equivalent balances, along with available cash from operating cash flows and credit facilities, will be adequate to fund our typical needs, including working capital requirements and projected capital expenditures. We also believe we have access to additional funds from capital markets to fund strategic initiatives. 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 As discussed in Note 2, "Recently Issued Accounting Standards," of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, there are no recently issued accounting pronouncements that we have adopted and which have had a material effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. This requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Our critical accounting estimates requiring significant judgement that could materially impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Since the date of the Company s most recent Annual Report, there have been no material changes in our critical accounting estimates or assumptions, except as set forth below. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 We allocate the cost of an acquired business to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess value of the purchase price for an acquired business over the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. The valuation of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. We use a variety of information sources to determine the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities including: third-party appraisers for the values and lives of property, identifiable intangibles and inventories; and actuaries and other third-party specialists, workers' compensation and general and product liabilities, as necessary. Transaction costs related to the acquisition of a business are expensed as incurred. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of acquired customer relationships using the multi-period excess earnings method. Fair value is estimated as the present value of the benefits anticipated from ownership of the asset, in excess of the returns required on the investment in contributory assets which are necessary to realize those benefits. The intangible asset s estimated earnings are determined as the residual earnings after quantifying estimated earnings from contributory assets. Assumptions used in these calculations are considered from a market participant perspective and include revenue growth rates, estimated earnings, customer attrition rates, royalty rates and discount rates. 
 
 We estimate the fair value of tradenames using the relief from royalty method, which calculates the cost savings associated with owning rather than licensing the assets. Assumed royalty rates are applied to projected revenue for the remaining useful lives of the assets to estimate the royalty savings. Assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of a trade name include revenue growth rates, the royalty rate and the discount rate. 
 
 While we use our best estimates and assumptions, fair value estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Any adjustments required after the measurement period are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in our acquisition valuations and intangible asset and goodwill impairment testing, including discount rates or future operating results and related cash flow projections, could result in significantly different estimates of the fair values in the future. An increase in discount rates, a reduction in projected cash flows or a combination of the two could lead to a reduction in the estimated fair values, which may result in impairment charges that could materially affect our financial statements in any given year. 

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There have been no material changes in the information provided in the section entitled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of September 29, 2024 (the Evaluation Date ), have concluded that as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 (b) CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL. 
 
 The Company completed the Supreme acquisition on July 10, 20 24. Management plans to exclude Supreme from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024, because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2024. 
 
 We are currently integrating the processes and internal controls of Supreme. Except for the Supreme acquisition, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are defendants in lawsuits that are ordinary routine litigation matters incidental to our business and operations. In addition, other matters, including tax assessments, audits, claims and governmental investigations and proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending against us. It is not possible to predict the outcome of the pending actions, and, as with any such matters, it is possible that these actions could be decided unfavorably to us. We believe that there are meritorious defenses to these actions and that these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, and, where appropriate, these actions are being vigorously contested. Accordingly, we believe the likelihood of material loss is remote. However, such matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings or other events could occur. The Company regularly undergoes tax audits in various jurisdictions in which our products are sold or manufactured. In the future, such costs or an unfavorable outcome could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Based on available information to date and subject to below, we do not consider any such action, assessment, claim, investigation or proceeding to be material, within the meaning of that term as used in Item 103 of Regulation S-K and the instructions thereto. 
 
 Following an audit for the 2018 tax year, the Mexican tax administration service, the Servicio de Administraci n Tributaria, (the SAT ), issued a tax assessment in the amount of approximately 54.9 million to our subsidiary, Woodcrafters Home Products, S. de R.L. de C.V., for allegedly failing to make certain tax payments and to export timely certain merchandise. The Company disputed these findings and the SAT annulled their decision on January 11, 2024. In order to prevent the 2018 tax year from further audit by the SAT, the Company has filed an action to declare this annulment final in the specialized court of trade and customs in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Sala Especializada en Materia de Comercio Exterior y Auxiliar Noreste, Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa. We reserved an immaterial amount related to the 2018 tax year audit as our best estimate of our probable liability as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023. While we cannot predict with certainty the outcome of any future review relating to the 2018 tax year or other open tax years, based on currently known information, we believe our risk of additional loss is remote and not estimable. 

For additional information regarding our legal proceedings, refer to Note 14, "Contingencies and Accrued Losses," included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 in the section entitled Risk Factors within Part I, Item 1A, and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 in the section entitled Risk Factors within Part II, Item 1A. 

Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 

Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024, none of the Company s directors or executive officers , modified or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Incorporated by reference herein Exhibit Number Description Form Date 2.1 + 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 20, 2024, by and among Dura Investment Holdings LLC, GHK North Star Holdings LLC, as Seller Representative, MasterBrand Cabinets LLC and Dogwood Merger Sub LLC. 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41545) July 11, 2024 2.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 9, 2024, by and among Dura Investment Holdings LLC, GHK North Star Holdings LLC, as Seller Representative, MasterBrand Cabinets LLC and Dogwood Merger Sub LLC 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41545) July 11, 2024 3.1 
 Corrected Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MasterBrand, Inc., effective August 7, 2023 
 Current Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-41545) August 9, 2023 3. 2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of MasterBrand, Inc., effective September 4, 2024 
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41545) September 4, 2024 31.1 
 Certification of principal executive officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of principal financial officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of principal executive officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of principal financial officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Cover Page, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (vii) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the iXBRL document) + Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Filed or furnished herewith. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 6, 2024 
 MasterBrand, Inc. (Registrant) By: /s/ R. David Banyard, Jr. Name: R. David Banyard, Jr. Title: President and Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Andrea H. Simon Name: Andrea H. Simon Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31_1-banyardxq32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, R. David Banyard, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MasterBrand, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s R. David Banyard, Jr. R. David Banyard, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31_2-simonxq32024xc.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit No. 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andrea H. Simon, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MasterBrand, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Andrea H. Simon Andrea H. Simon Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32_1-banyardxq32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit No. 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of MasterBrand, Inc., does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-Q. 

s R. David Banyard, Jr. R. David Banyard, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MasterBrand, Inc. and will be retained by MasterBrand, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32_2-simonxq32024xc.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit No. 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of MasterBrand, Inc., does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-Q. 

s Andrea H. Simon Andrea H. Simon Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MasterBrand, Inc. and will be retained by MasterBrand, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mbc-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mbc-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mbc-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mbc-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mbc-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

