<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_730708_0000730708-24-000213.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14835081</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>159115</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1655286</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7419145</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2685591</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2540366</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000730708-24-000213.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106165250
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000730708-24-000213
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEACOAST BANKING CORP OF FLORIDA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				592260678
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13660
		FILM NUMBER:		241431871

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 COLORADO AVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 9012
		CITY:			STUART
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34994
		BUSINESS PHONE:		772 288 6063

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 COLORADO AVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 9012
		CITY:			STUART
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34995

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000730708-24-000213.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 sbcf-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sbcf-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______________ to __________________. 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Common Stock, 0.10 Par Value shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

INDEX 
 SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA 
 Part I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated statements of income Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated balance sheets - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Consolidated statements of shareholders equity - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 55 
 Part II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 56 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 56 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 57 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 57 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 57 
 SIGNATURES 
 59 

2 

Table of Contents 

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on securities Interest on interest bearing deposits and other investments Total Interest Income Interest on deposits Interest on time certificates Interest on borrowed money Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision for credit losses Net Interest Income after Provision for Credit Losses Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Interchange income Wealth management income Mortgage banking fees Insurance agency income SBA gains BOLI income Other Securities gains (losses), net ) ) Total Noninterest Income Noninterest expense: Salaries and wages Employee benefits Outsourced data processing costs Occupancy Furniture and equipment Marketing Legal and professional fees FDIC assessments Amortization of intangibles Other real estate owned expense and net loss on sale Provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments Other Total Noninterest Expense Income Before Income Taxes 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Provision for income taxes Net Income Net income per share of common stock Diluted Basic Average common shares outstanding Diluted Basic 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net of tax benefit of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred to held-to-maturity, net of tax benefit of thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net of tax benefit of thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax benefit of thousand and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net of tax expense of thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 ) Unrealized (losses) gains on derivatives designated as fair value hedges, net of reclassifications to income, net of tax benefit of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net of tax expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Unrealized gains on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, net of reclassifications to income, net of tax expense of thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive Income 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 September 30, December 31, (In thousands, except share data) 2024 2023 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits with other banks Total cash and cash equivalents Time deposits with other banks Debt securities: Securities available-for-sale (at fair value) Securities held-to-maturity (fair value million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023) 
 Total debt securities Loans held for sale Loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net of allowance for credit losses Bank premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Bank owned life insurance Net deferred tax assets Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB borrowings 
 Long-term debt, net Other liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders Equity Common stock, par value per share, authorized shares, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and authorized , issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Total Shareholders Equity 
 Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Accretion of discounts on securities, net ) ) Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Other amortization and accretion, net ) ) Stock based compensation Origination of loans designated for sale ) ) Sale of loans designated for sale Provision for credit losses Deferred income taxes ) (Gains) losses on securities ) Gains on sale of loans ) ) Losses (gains) on sale and write-downs of other real estate owned ) Losses on disposition of fixed assets and write-downs upon transfer of bank premises to other real estate owned Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquired companies: Net decrease in other assets Net increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Maturities and repayments of debt securities available-for-sale Maturities and repayments of debt securities held-to-maturity Proceeds from sale of debt securities available-for-sale Purchases of debt securities available-for-sale ) ) Maturities and redemptions of time deposits with other banks Purchases of time deposits with other banks ) ) Net new loans and principal repayments ) Proceeds from the sale of loans held for investment Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Proceeds from sale of FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank Stock Purchase of FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank Stock ) ) Proceeds from sale of Visa Class B shares Net cash from bank acquisitions Additions to bank premises and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net increase in deposits Net (decrease) increase in repurchase agreements ) Net decrease in FHLB borrowings with original maturities of three months or less ) Repayments of FHLB borrowings with original maturities of more than three months ) ) Proceeds from FHLB borrowings with original maturities of more than three months Stock based employee benefit plans Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid (refunded) for taxes, net ) Recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets, other than through bank acquisitions, net of terminations Recognition of operating lease liabilities, other than through bank acquisitions, net of terminations Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: Transfers from loans to other real estate owned Transfers from bank premises to other real estate owned 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (In thousands) Shares Amount Total Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Stock based compensation expense Common stock transactions related to stock based employee benefit plans Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Three months ended September 30, 2024 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (In thousands) Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Stock based compensation expense Common stock transactions related to stock based employee benefit plans ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 

Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (In thousands) Shares Amount Total Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Stock based compensation expense Common stock transactions related to stock based employee benefit plans Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (In thousands) Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Stock based compensation expense Common stock transactions related to stock based employee benefit plans ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, pursuant to acquisition Conversion of options, pursuant to acquisition Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 10 

Table of Contents 

SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Note 1 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Note 2 
 and , respectively, were anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock were anti-dilutive. 
 Average common shares outstanding Net income per share Diluted earnings per share Net income Average common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive effect of employee restricted stock and stock options Average diluted shares outstanding Net income per share 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Note 3 
 ) Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) Private mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) Other debt securities Totals ) Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) Totals ) 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available-for-Sale Debt Securities U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies ) Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) Private mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) Other debt securities ) Totals ) Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) Totals ) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, debt securities with a fair value of million were sold, with gross losses of million. There were sales of debt securities during the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the 
 13 

Table of Contents 

million were sold, with gross losses of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, debt securities with a fair value of million obtained in the acquisition of Professional Holding Corp. Professional were sold. No gain or loss was recognized on the sale. There were million in other sales of securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, with gross gains of thousand and gross losses of thousand. Included in Securities gains (losses), net are increases of million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and decreases of million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 in the value of investments in mutual funds that invest in Community Reinvestment Act CRA )-qualified debt securities. 
 At September 30, 2024, debt securities with a fair value of billion were pledged primarily as collateral for public deposits and secured borrowings. 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities Private mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations Collateralized loan obligations Other debt securities Totals 
 The estimated fair value of a security is determined based on market quotations when available or, if not available, by using quoted market prices for similar securities, pricing models, or discounted cash flow analyses, or using observable market data. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) ) Private mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) ) Totals ) ) ) 1 Comprised of individual securities. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total 1 
 (In thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of U.S. government-sponsored entities ) ) ) Private mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) ) ) Other debt securities ) ) Totals ) ) ) 1 Comprised of individual securities. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had unrealized losses of million on U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies having a fair value of million. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. The Company does not expect individual securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, a U.S. agency, or a sponsored U.S. agency to incur future losses of principal. Based on the assessment of all relevant factors, the Company believes that the unrealized loss positions on these debt securities are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest rate movements and not changes in credit quality, and expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, allowance for credit losses has been recorded. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had unrealized losses of million on commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued by government-sponsored entities having a fair value of billion. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government and have a long history of no credit losses. The implied government guarantee of principal and interest payments and the high credit rating of the portfolio provide a sufficient basis for the current expectation that there is no risk of loss if default were to occur. Based on the assessment of all relevant factors, the Company believes that the unrealized loss positions on these debt securities are a function of changes in 
 15 

Table of Contents 

allowance for credit losses has been recorded. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrealized losses on private label residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations having a fair value of million. The securities have weighted average credit support of . Based on the evaluation of available information relevant to collectibility, the Company believes that the unrealized loss positions on these debt securities are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest rate movements and not changes in credit quality, and expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, allowance for credit losses has been recorded. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrealized losses in floating rate collateralized loan obligations CLOs having a fair value of million. CLOs are special purpose vehicles and those in which the Company has invested are nearly all first-lien, broadly syndicated corporate loans across a diversified band of industries while providing support to senior tranche investors. As of September 30, 2024, all positions held by the Company are in AAA and AA tranches, with weighted average credit support of and , respectively. The Company evaluates the securities for potential credit losses by modeling expected loan-level defaults, recoveries, and prepayments for each CLO security. Based on the evaluation of available information relevant to collectibility, the Company believes that the unrealized loss positions on these debt securities are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest rate movements and not changes in credit quality, and expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, allowance for credit losses has been recorded. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrealized losses on municipal securities having a fair value of million. These securities are highly rated issuances of state or local municipalities, all of which are continuing to make timely contractual payments. Based on the evaluation of available information relevant to collectibility, the Company believes that the unrealized loss positions on these debt securities are a function of changes in investment spreads and interest rate movements and not changes in credit quality, and expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities. As a result, as of September 30, 2024, allowance for credit losses has been recorded. 
 All HTM debt securities are issued by government-sponsored entities, which are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government and have a long history of no credit losses. The implied government guarantee of principal and interest payments, and the high credit rating of the HTM portfolio provide sufficient basis for the current expectation that there is no risk of loss if a default were to occur. As a result, as of September 30, 2024, allowance for credit losses has been recorded. The Company has the intent and ability to hold these securities until maturity. 
 Included in Other Assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is million and million, respectively, of FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank FRB stock stated at par value. The Company has not identified events or changes in circumstances which may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of these cost method investment securities. Accrued interest receivable on AFS and HTM debt securities of million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024, and million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023, is included in Other Assets. Also included in Other Assets are investments in CRA-qualified mutual funds carried at fair value of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2023, the Company held shares of Visa Class B stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold all of its Visa Class B stock, receiving net proceeds of million. The ownership of Visa stock was related to prior ownership in Visa s network while Visa operated as a cooperative, and was recorded on the Company s financial records at a zero basis. 
 
 Note 4 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Totals 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Portfolio Loans Acquired Non-PCD Loans PCD Loans Total Construction and land development Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Totals 
 The amortized cost basis of loans included net deferred costs of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the remaining fair value adjustments on acquired loans were million, or of the outstanding acquired loan balances, compared to million, or of the acquired loan balances at December 31, 2023. The discount is accreted into interest income over the remaining lives of the related loans on a level yield basis. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million in loans previously held for investment were sold, resulting in a net gain of million. 
 Accrued interest receivable is included within Other Assets and was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Total Portfolio Loans Acquired Non-PCD Loans Construction and land development Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Total Acquired Non-PCD Loans PCD Loans Construction and land development Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Total PCD Loans Total Loans 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Total Portfolio Loans Acquired Non-PCD Loans Construction and land development Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Total Acquired Non-PCD Loans PCD Loans Construction and land development Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Total PCD Loans Total Loans All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. Interest subsequently received on such loans is accounted for under the cost-recovery method, whereby interest income is not recognized until the loan balance is paid down to zero. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current, and future payments are reasonably assured. The Company recognized interest income of million and million on nonaccrual loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized million and million in interest income on nonaccrual loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Totals 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Nonaccrual Loans With No Related Allowance Nonaccrual Loans With an Allowance Total Nonaccrual Loans Allowance for Credit Losses Construction and land development Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Totals 
 
 Loans by Risk Rating 
 The Company utilizes an internal asset classification system as a means of identifying problem and potential problem loans. The following classifications are used to categorize loans under the internal classification system: 
 Pass: Loans that are not problem loans or potential problem loans are considered to be pass-rated. 
 Special Mention: Loans that do not currently expose the Company to sufficient risk to warrant classification in the Substandard or Doubtful categories, but possess weaknesses that deserve management s close attention are deemed to be Special Mention. 
 Substandard: Loans with the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful: Loans that have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified Substandard with the added characteristic that the weakness present makes collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Commercial real estate - owner occupied Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Residential real estate Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Commercial and financial Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Consumer Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Consolidated Total Gross Charge Offs 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Commercial real estate - owner occupied Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Residential real estate Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Commercial and financial Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Consumer Risk Ratings: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Charge Offs Consolidated Total Gross Charge Offs 1 Represents gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

million modified as a TBM during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Rate Reduction or Rate Reduction with Term Extension 
 Term Extension and/or Payment Delay Total 1 
 of Total Class of Loans Construction and land development Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Totals 1 At September 30, 2024, there were no unfunded lending related commitments associated with TBMs. 
 
 The following table presents the payment status of TBM loans that were modified in the twelve months prior to September 30, 2024. 
 September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Current Accruing 30-59 Days Past Due Accruing 60-89 Days Past Due Accruing Greater Than 90 Days Nonaccrual Total Construction and Land Development Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer Totals 

23 

Table of Contents 

Note 5 
 Commercial real estate - owner occupied ) Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied ) Residential real estate ) ) Commercial and financial ) Consumer ) Totals ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (In thousands) Beginning Balance Provision for Credit Losses Charge- Offs Recoveries Ending Balance Construction and land development Commercial real estate - owner occupied ) Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied ) Residential real estate ) Commercial and financial ) Consumer ) ) Totals ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Beginning Balance Provision for Credit Losses Charge- Offs Recoveries Ending Balance Construction and land development ) ) Commercial real estate - owner occupied ) Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied ) ) Residential real estate ) ) Commercial and financial ) Consumer ) Totals ) 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied ) Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied ) Residential real estate ) Commercial and financial ) Consumer ) Totals ) 
 
 Management establishes the allowance using relevant available information from both internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Forecast data is sourced from Moody s Analytics Moody s ), a firm widely recognized for its research, analysis, and economic forecasts. The forecasts of future economic conditions are over the expected remaining life of the loan using economic forecasts that revert to long-term historical averages over time. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company utilized a multiple scenario model comprised of a blend of Moody s economic scenarios and considered the uncertainty associated with the assumptions in the scenarios, including continued actions taken by the Federal Reserve with regard to monetary policy and interest rates and the potential impact of those actions. Outcomes could differ from the scenarios utilized, and the Company incorporated qualitative considerations reflecting the risk of uncertain economic conditions, and for additional dimensions of risk that may not be captured in the quantitative model. 
 The following section discusses changes in the level of the allowance for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The allowance decreased million, or , during the third quarter of 2024 to million, or of loans held for investment as of September 30, 2024. 
 In the Construction and Land Development segment, the increase in allowance is due to continued uncertainty in connection with commercial real estate markets. In this segment, the primary source of repayment is typically from proceeds of the sale or permanent financing of the underlying property; therefore, industry and collateral type and estimated collateral values are among the relevant factors in assessing expected losses. 
 In the Commercial Real Estate - Owner-Occupied segment, the allowance increased nominally due to an increase in loan balances and continued uncertainty in connection with commercial real estate valuations broadly and uncertainty associated with the economy. Risk characteristics include, but are not limited to, collateral type, note structure and loan seasoning. 
 In the Commercial Real Estate - Non-Owner-Occupied segment, the allowance increased slightly driven by higher loan balances and was partially offset by the charge-off of one nonaccrual loan. Repayment is often dependent upon rental income from the successful operation of the underlying property or from the sale of the property. Loan performance may be adversely affected by general economic conditions or conditions specific to the real estate market, including property types. Collateral type, note structure, and loan seasoning are among the risk characteristics analyzed for this segment. 
 The Residential Real Estate segment includes first mortgages secured by residential property, and home equity lines of credit. Allowance levels were essentially flat from last quarter. Risk characteristics considered for this segment include, but are not limited to, borrower FICO score, lien position, loan to value ratios, and loan seasoning. 
 In the Commercial and Financial segment, borrowers are primarily small to medium sized professional firms and other businesses, and loans are generally supported by projected cash flows of the business, collateralized by business assets, and/or guaranteed by the business owners. The decrease in the allowance is primarily driven by the charge-off of one nonaccrual relationship that was previously individually reserved. Industry, collateral type, estimated collateral values, and loan seasoning are among the relevant factors in assessing expected losses. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Note 6 
 million and million, respectively, and reclassified net gains of million in each period out of accumulated other comprehensive income into interest income. For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized nominal amounts through other comprehensive income, and reclassified million and million, respectively, out of accumulated other comprehensive income into interest income. 
 The Company has entered into interest rate swap contracts to hedge the risk of changes in the fair value of a pool of residential mortgages due to changes in SOFR. These fair value hedges utilize the portfolio layer method. The Company considers these derivatives to be highly effective at offsetting changes in interest rates and assesses the effectiveness on a quarterly basis. The effect of changes in interest rates on the fair value of these derivative contracts is recognized in interest income. These derivative instruments are primarily for risk management purposes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized gains through interest income of million and million, respectively. 
 Other Assets and Other Liabilities Securities fair value hedges Other Assets Residential mortgage fair value hedges Other Liabilities December 31, 2023 
 Interest rate contracts 1 
 Other Assets and Other Liabilities Securities fair value hedges Other Assets Residential mortgage fair value hedges Other Liabilities 1 Interest rate contracts include risk participation agreements with notional amounts of million and million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively with nominal fair value in both periods. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Loans, net 2 
 1 At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the amortized cost basis and unallocated basis adjustments used in hedging relationships was million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 3 - Securities for a reconciliation of the amortized cost and fair value of AFS securities. 
 2 These amounts represent the amortized cost basis of closed portfolios used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the stated amount of assets in the closed portfolios anticipated to be outstanding for the designated hedge period. At September 30, 2024, the portfolio layer method was million, of which million was designated as hedged. At December 31, 2023, the portfolio layer method was million, of which million was designated as hedged. 

Note 7 

Note 8 
 for well-capitalized institutions under the Basel III standardized transition approach, as well as risk-based and leverage ratio requirements for well-capitalized banks under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. 

Note 9 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 
 Derivative financial instruments 2 
 Loans held for sale 2 
 Loans 3 
 Other real estate owned 3 
 Equity securities 4 
 Financial Liabilities Derivative financial instruments 2 
 At December 31, 2023 
 Financial Assets Debt securities available-for-sale 1 
 Derivative financial instruments 2 
 Loans held for sale 2 
 Loans 3 
 Other real estate owned 3 
 Equity securities 4 
 Financial Liabilities Derivative financial instruments 2 
 1 See Note 3 Securities for further detail of fair value of individual investment categories. 
 2 Recurring fair value basis determined using observable market data. 
 3 Fair value is measured on a nonrecurring basis. 
 4 Investment in shares of mutual funds that invest primarily in CRA-qualified debt securities, reported at fair value in Other Assets. Recurring fair value basis is determined using market quotations. 
 
 Loans and other real estate owned: Fair values of collateral-dependent real estate loans and other real estate owned are based on recent real estate appraisals less estimated costs of sale. Evaluations may use either a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches, such as comparative sales, cost and/or income approach. Adjustments to comparable sales may be made by an appraiser to reflect local market conditions or other economic factors and may result in changes in the fair value of an asset over time but none were made by management. As such, the fair values of these loans and properties are considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Collateral-dependent loans measured at fair value totaled million with a specific reserve of million at September 30, 2024, compared to million with a specific reserve of million at December 31, 2023. 
 For recurring fair value measurements, transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer, which generally coincides with the Company s monthly and/or quarterly valuation process. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no such transfers. 
 For additional information on the valuation techniques and significant inputs for Level 2 and Level 3 assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, see Note 16 - Fair Value of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Time deposits with other banks Loans, net Financial Liabilities Deposits FHLB borrowings Long-term debt December 31, 2023 Held-to-maturity debt securities 1 
 Time deposits with other banks Loans, net Financial Liabilities Deposits FHLB borrowings Long-term debt 1 See Note 3 Securities for further detail of recurring fair value basis of individual investment categories. 
 
 The short maturity of Seacoast s assets and liabilities results in a significant number of financial instruments whose fair value equals or closely approximates carrying value. Such financial instruments are reported in the following balance sheet captions: cash and due from banks, interest bearing deposits with other banks, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate that value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Note 11 
 branches across South Florida. The transaction further expanded the Company s presence in the tri-county South Florida market, which includes Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach counties, Florida s largest metropolitan statistical area and the 8th largest in the nation. The Company acquired of the outstanding common stock of Professional. Under the terms of the merger agreement, Professional shareholders received shares of Seacoast common stock for each share of Professional common stock held immediately prior to the merger, and Professional option holders received options to purchase Seacoast common stock, with the number of shares underlying each such option and the applicable exercise price adjusted using the same exchange ratio. 
 Per share exchange ratio Number of shares of SBCF common stock issued Multiplied by common stock price per share at January 31, 2023 Value of SBCF common stock issued Cash paid for fractional shares Fair value of Professional options converted Total purchase price 
 The acquisition of Professional was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. The Company recognized goodwill of million for this acquisition that is nondeductible for tax purposes. Determining fair values of assets and liabilities, especially the loan portfolio, core deposit intangibles, and deferred taxes, is a complicated process involving significant judgment regarding methods and assumptions used to calculate estimated fair values. 
 As part of the acquisition of Professional, options to purchase shares of Seacoast common stock were granted to replace outstanding Professional options. These options were fully vested upon acquisition. The full value of the replacement options, million, was associated with pre-combination service and was therefore included in the calculation of the total purchase consideration. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Investment securities Loans ) Bank premises and equipment Core deposit intangibles Goodwill BOLI Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities: Deposits Subordinated debt Other Liabilities Total Liabilities 
 Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Residential real estate Commercial and financial Consumer PPP Loans Total acquired loans 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for credit losses at acquisition ) Non-credit related discount ) Total PCD loans acquired 
 The acquisition of Professional resulted in the addition of million in allowance for credit losses, including the million identified in the table above for PCD loans, and million for non-PCD loans recorded through the provision for credit losses at the date of acquisition. Included within the million initial PCD allowance is million recorded as a measurement period adjustment during the three months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting information obtained by the Company relating to events or circumstances existing at the acquisition date. 
 The Company believes the deposits assumed in the acquisition have an intangible value. In determining the valuation amount, deposits were analyzed based on factors such as type of deposit, deposit retention, interest rates and age of deposit relationships. The core deposit intangible asset acquired from Professional is being amortized over using an accelerated method of amortization. 
 Acquisition Costs 
 Acquisition costs were million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Note 12 
 were sold, resulting in a pre-tax loss of approximately million impacting fourth quarter 2024 results. The proceeds of approximately million were reinvested in agency mortgage-backed securities with an average book yield of , for an estimated earnback of less than . 
 
 Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The purpose of this discussion and analysis is to aid in understanding significant changes in the financial condition of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and its subsidiaries Seacoast or the Company and their results of operations. Nearly all of the Company s operations are contained in its banking subsidiary, Seacoast National Bank Seacoast Bank or the Bank ). Such discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in this report. 
 The emphasis of this discussion will be on the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 for the consolidated statements of income. For the consolidated balance sheets, the emphasis of this discussion will be the balances as of September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. 
 This discussion and analysis contain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements as defined in, and subject to the protections of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See the following section for additional information regarding forward-looking statements. 
 For purposes of the following discussion, the words Seacoast or the Company refer to the combined entities of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida and its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 
 Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements made or incorporated by reference herein which are not statements of historical fact, including those under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere herein, are forward-looking statements within the meaning, and protections, of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to the Company s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, and intentions about future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond the Company s control, and which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida Seacoast or the Company or its wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Seacoast National Bank Seacoast Bank ), to be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 All statements other than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through the use of words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, should, support, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, estimate, continue, further, plan, point to, project, could, intend, target or other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: 
 The impact of current and future economic and market conditions generally (including seasonality) and in the financial services industry, nationally and within Seacoast s primary market areas, including the effects of inflationary pressures, changes in interest rates, slowdowns in economic growth, and the potential for high unemployment rates, as well as the financial stress on borrowers and changes to customer and client behavior and credit risk as a result of the foregoing; 
 Potential impacts of adverse developments in the banking industry, including those highlighted by high-profile bank failures, and including impacts on customer confidence, deposit outflows, liquidity and the regulatory response thereto (including increases in the cost of our deposit insurance assessments), the Company s ability to effectively manage its liquidity risk and any growth plans, and the availability of capital and funding; 
 Governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, as well as legislative, tax and regulatory changes including proposed overdraft and late fee caps, including those that impact the money supply and inflation; 
 The risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits (as well as the cost of, and competition for, deposits), loan demand, liquidity and the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities; 
 Interest rate risks (including the impact of interest rates on macroeconomic conditions, customer and client behavior, and on our net interest income), as well as the impact of fluctuating interest rates on our financial projections and models, sensitivities, and the shape of the yield curve; 
 Changes in accounting policies, rules, and practices; 
 Changes in retail distribution strategies, customer preferences and behavior generally and as a result of economic factors, including heightened inflation; 
 Changes in the availability and cost of credit and capital in the financial markets; 
 Changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate, especially as they relate to the value of collateral supporting the Company s loans; 
 The Company s concentration in commercial real estate loans and in real estate collateral in Florida; 
 Seacoast s ability to comply with any regulatory requirements and the risk that the regulatory environment may not be conducive to or may prohibit or delay the consummation of future mergers and/or business combinations, may increase the length of time and amount of resources required to consummate such transactions, and may reduce the anticipated benefit; 
 Inaccuracies or other failures from the use of models, including the failure of assumptions and estimates, as well as differences in, and changes to, economic, market and credit conditions; 
 The impact on the valuation of Seacoast s investments due to market volatility or counterparty payment risk, as well as the effect of a decline in stock market prices on our fee income from our wealth management business; 
 Statutory and regulatory dividend restrictions; increases in regulatory capital requirements for banking organizations generally; 
 The risks of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including Seacoast s ability to continue to identify acquisition targets, successfully acquire and integrate desirable financial institutions and realize expected revenues and revenue synergies; 
 Changes in technology or products that may be more difficult, costly, or less effective than anticipated; 
 The Company s ability to identify and address increased cybersecurity risks, including those impacting vendors and other third parties which may be exacerbated by developments in generative artificial intelligence; 
 Fraud or misconduct by internal or external parties, which Seacoast may not be able to prevent, detect or mitigate; 
 Inability of Seacoast s risk management framework to manage risks associated with the Company s business; 
 Dependence on key suppliers or vendors to obtain equipment or services for the business on acceptable terms; 
 Reduction in or the termination of Seacoast s ability to use the online- or mobile-based platform that is critical to the Company s business growth strategy; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

The effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, including hurricanes in the Company s footprint, health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics, or other catastrophic events that may affect general economic conditions and/or increase costs, including, but not limited to, property and casualty and other insurance costs; 
 Seacoast s ability to maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting; 
 Potential claims, damages, penalties, fines, costs and reputational damage resulting from pending or future litigation, regulatory proceedings and enforcement actions; 
 The risks that deferred tax assets could be reduced if estimates of future taxable income from the Company s operations and tax planning strategies are less than currently estimated, the results of tax audit findings, challenges to our tax positions, or adverse changes or interpretations of tax laws; 
 The effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, non-bank financial technology providers, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds and other financial institutions; 
 The failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for expected credit losses; 
 Risks related to, and the costs associated with, environmental, social and governance ESG matters, including the scope and pace of related rulemaking activity and disclosure requirements; 
 A deterioration of the credit rating for U.S. long-term sovereign debt, actions that the U.S. government may take to avoid exceeding the debt ceiling, and uncertainties surrounding the federal budget and economic policy; 
 The risk that balance sheet, revenue growth, and loan growth expectations may differ from actual results; and 
 Other factors and risks described under Risk Factors herein and in any of the Company s subsequent reports filed with the SEC and available on its website at www.sec.gov. 
 All written or oral forward-looking statements that are made or are attributable to Seacoast are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice, including, without limitation, those risks and uncertainties described in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in other periodic reports that the Company files with the SEC. The Company assumes no obligation to update, revise or correct any forward-looking statements that are made from time to time, either as a result of future developments, new information or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 

Results of Operations 
 Seacoast provides integrated financial services including commercial and consumer banking, wealth management, and mortgage services to customers at 77 full-service branches across Florida, and through advanced mobile and online banking solutions. The Company s financial results in the third quarter of 2024 include strong growth in loans and deposits supporting improved net interest income. Growth in noninterest income continues, and with significant cost-saving initiatives now complete, Seacoast continues to prudently manage expenses while strategically investing to support continued growth. Highlights for the third quarter of 2024 include: 
 Net income of 30.7 million, or 0.36 per average diluted share, an increase of 0.4 million, or 1 , from the prior quarter. 
 Pre-tax pre-provision earnings on an adjusted basis 1 increased 1.9 million to 46.4 million from the prior quarter. 
 Tangible book value per share increased 20 on an annualized basis to 16.20. 
 Loans grew 6.6 on an annualized basis to 10.2 billion, and the overall loan pipeline remained strong at 831.1 million. 
 Growth in customer deposits, excluding brokered deposits, of 195.9 million, or 6.6 annualized. 
 Noninterest bearing deposits grew 45.5 million, or 5.3 annualized. 
 Net interest margin was 3.17 , nearly flat compared to 3.18 in the prior quarter, and net interest margin, excluding accretion on acquired loans, expanded to 2.90 from 2.87 . 
 Net interest income of 106.7 million, an increase of 2.2 million, or 2 , from the second quarter of 2024. 
 Noninterest income increased to 23.7 million, representing a 33 year-over-year increase compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Strong capital position, with a Tier 1 capital ratio of 14.8 , and a tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio of 9.6 . 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

The Company s focus on organic customer growth and recent talent additions are generating momentum across its markets and business segments. The results for the third quarter of 2024 evidence the inflection in growth and the start of margin expansion expected during the second half of 2024. 
 For the third quarter of 2024, the Company reported net income of 30.7 million, or 0.36 per average diluted share, an increase of 0.4 million, or 1 , from the second quarter of 2024 and a decrease of 0.8 million, or 2 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. Adjusted net income 1 for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 30.5 million, or 0.36 per average diluted share, an increase of 0.2 million, or 1 , compared to the second quarter of 2024 and a decrease of 3.7 million, or 11 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income totaled 86.9 million, or 1.02 per average diluted share, an increase of 12.4 million, or 17 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, adjusted net income 1 totaled 91.9 million, or 1.08 per average diluted share, compared to 101.9 million, or 1.21 per average diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Third Second Third Nine Months Ended Quarter Quarter Quarter September 30, 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Return on average tangible assets 0.99 1.00 1.04 0.96 0.88 Return on average tangible shareholders equity 10.31 10.75 11.90 10.21 10.09 Efficiency ratio 59.84 60.21 62.60 62.24 65.19 Adjusted return on average tangible assets 1 
 0.98 1.00 1.12 1.01 1.15 Adjusted return on average tangible shareholders equity 1 
 10.27 10.76 12.79 10.72 13.14 Adjusted efficiency ratio 1 
 59.84 60.21 60.19 60.39 56.47 1 Non-GAAP measure - see Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information and a reconciliation to GAAP. 

Net Interest Income and Margin 
 Net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 106.7 million, an increase of 2.2 million, or 2 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and a decrease of 12.6 million , or 11 , c ompared to the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income totaled 316.2 million, a decrease of 61.3 million, or 16 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In the loan portfolio, higher interest income from new loan production was partially offset by lower accretion of purchase discount on acquired loans. Recent purchases in the securities portfolio contributed to higher securities yields. Higher interest expense on deposits reflects the impact of higher rates, with cuts to the federal funds rate late in the quarter not yet fully impacting the third quarter of 2024 results. 
 Net interest income (on a fully taxable equivalent basis) 1 for the third quarter of 2024 was 107.0 million, an increase of 2.3 million, or 2 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and a decrease of 12.5 million, or 10 , c ompared to the third quarter of 2023. Accretion on acquired loans totaled 9.2 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 10.2 million for the second quarter of 2024, and 14.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income (on a fully taxable equivalent basis) 1 was 316.9 million, a decrease of 61.1 million, or 16 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Accretion on acquired loans totaled 30.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 45.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net interest margin (on a fully taxable equivalent basis) 1 decreased one basis point to 3.17 in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 3.18 in the second quarter of 2024, and decreased 40 basis points from 3.57 in the third quarter of 2023, largely driven by higher deposit costs. Compared to the second quarter of 2024, securities yields increased six basis points in the third quarter of 2024 to 3.75 and increased 42 basis points from the third quarter of 2023. The yield on loans increased to 5.94 for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of one basis point from both the second quarter of 2024 and from the third quarter of 2023. The effect on net interest margin of accretion of purchase discounts on acquired loans was an increase of 27 basis points for the third quarter of 2024, 30 basis points in the second quarter, and 44 basis points in the third quarter of 2023. The cost of deposits was 2.34 in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 2.31 in the second quarter of 2024, and 1.79 in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 1 Non-GAAP measure - see Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information and a reconciliation to GAAP. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest margin (on a fully taxable equivalent basis) 1 decreased 72 basis points to 3.19 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, largely driven by higher deposit costs. The yield on securities was 3.65 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.10 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The yield on total loans increased from 5.89 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 5.93 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The effect on net interest margin of accretion of purchase discounts on acquired loans was an increase of 30 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 47 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cost of deposits was 2.28 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 95 basis points compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In the remainder of 2024, the Company expects to continue growing customer relationships resulting in growth in loans and deposits. This growth, combined with lower rates on deposits resulting from expected short-term interest rate reductions, should benefit net interest income and net interest margin in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 The following table details the trend for net interest income and margin results (on a fully taxable equivalent basis) 1 , the yield on earning assets and the rate paid on interest bearing liabilities for the periods specified: 
 (In thousands, except ratios) Net Interest 
 Income 1 
 Net Interest 
 Margin 1 
 Yield on 
 Earning Assets 1 
 Rate on Interest Bearing Liabilities Third quarter 2024 106,975 3.17 5.46 3.32 Second quarter 2024 104,657 3.18 5.47 3.33 Third quarter 2023 119,505 3.57 5.38 2.76 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 316,930 3.19 5.44 3.28 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 378,009 3.91 5.30 2.19 1 On a fully taxable equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure - see Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information and a reconciliation to GAAP. 
 
 Average loans increased 123.7 million, or 1 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the second quarter of 2024, and increased 85.2 million, or 1 , from the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, average loans increased 216.0 million, or 2 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Average loans as a percentage of average earning assets totaled 75 for the third quarter of 2024, 76 for the second quarter of 2024 and 76 for the third quarter of 2023. For each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, average loans as a percentage of average earning assets totaled 76 . 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, average investment securities increased 127.1 million, or 4.8 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and increased 171.9 million, or 6.6 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. Securities yields increased six basis points to 3.75 during the third quarter of 2024 from 3.69 in the second quarter of 2024, benefiting from recent purchases. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, average investment securities were 2.7 billion, a decrease of 3.7 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities decreased one basis point in the third quarter of 2024 to 3.32 from 3.33 in the second quarter of 2024, and increased 56 basis points from 2.76 in the third quarter of 2023. The cost of average total deposits (including noninterest bearing demand deposits) was 2.34 in the third quarter of 2024, 2.31 in the second quarter of 2024 and 1.79 in the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the cost of average total deposits (including noninterest bearing demand deposits) was 2.28 compared to 1.33 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, average transaction deposits (noninterest and interest-bearing demand) decreased 273.4 million, or 4 , compared to the second quarter of 2024 and decreased 909.2 million, or 13 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, average transaction deposits decreased 751.8 million, or 11 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Declines reflect shifts in customer preference during the periods toward money market accounts, which increased 276.5 million, or 8 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior quarter, and increased 841.7 million, or 30 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period. The Company s deposit mix remains favorable, with 86 of average deposit balances comprised of savings, money market, and demand deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Average balances of sweep repurchase agreements with customers decreased 52.5 million, or 18 , from the second quarter of 2024 and decreased 86.6 million, or 26 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The average rate on customer sweep repurchase accounts was 3.37 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 3.68 for the second quarter of 2024, and 3.48 for the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the average balance was 289.2 million, compared to an average balance of 249.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 with average rates of 3.61 and 2.86 , respectively. 
 The Company had an average balance of 237.9 million in FHLB borrowings outstanding for the third quarter of 2024, with an average interest rate of 4.26 , compared to 149.2 million for the second quarter of 2024, with an average interest rate of 4.29 , and 111.1 million for the third quarter of 2023, with an average interest rate of 3.17 . The Company had an average balance of 163.5 million in FHLB borrowings outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, with an average interest rate of 4.17 , compared to 214.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, with an average interest rate of 3.70 . 
 Long-term debt balances averaged 106.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, 106.5 million in the second quarter of 2024, and 106.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. The average rate on long-term debt for the third quarter of 2024 was 7.05 , an increase of two basis points compared to the second quarter of 2024 and a decrease of 13 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, long-term debt averaged 106.5 million, compared to 103.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The average rate on long-term debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 7.13 , an increase of 25 basis points compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The long-term debt is comprised of trust preferred securities issued by subsidiary trusts of the Company, and notes assumed in bank acquisitions in 2022 and 2023. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The following tables detail average balances, net interest income and margin results (on a fully taxable equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure) for the periods presented: Average Balances, Interest Income and Expenses, Yields and Rates 1 
 2024 2023 Third Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Average Yield/ Average Yield/ Average Yield/ (In thousands, except ratios) Balance Interest Rate Balance Interest Rate Balance Interest Rate Assets Earning assets: Securities: Taxable ` 2,756,502 25,963 3.75 2,629,716 24,155 3.69 2,575,002 21,401 3.32 Nontaxable 5,701 42 2.93 5,423 40 2.97 15,280 119 3.11 Total Securities 2,762,203 26,005 3.75 2,635,139 24,195 3.69 2,590,282 21,520 3.32 Federal funds sold 433,423 5,906 5.42 510,401 6,967 5.49 547,576 7,415 5.37 Interest bearing deposits with other banks and other investments 102,700 1,232 4.77 98,942 1,361 5.53 90,039 1,062 4.68 Total Loans, net 10,128,822 151,282 5.94 10,005,122 147,518 5.93 10,043,611 150,048 5.93 Total Earning Assets 13,427,148 184,425 5.46 13,249,604 180,041 5.47 13,271,508 180,045 5.38 Allowance for credit losses (141,974) (146,380) (158,440) Cash and due from banks 167,103 168,439 168,931 Premises and equipment, net 109,699 110,709 116,704 Intangible assets 812,761 818,914 839,787 Bank owned life insurance 304,703 302,165 295,272 Other assets including deferred tax assets 317,406 336,256 372,241 Total Assets 14,996,846 14,839,707 14,906,003 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand 2,489,674 12,905 2.06 2,670,569 14,946 2.25 2,804,243 15,013 2.12 Savings 546,473 601 0.44 584,490 560 0.39 770,503 465 0.24 Money market 3,942,357 38,457 3.88 3,665,858 35,813 3.93 2,972,495 22,918 3.06 Time deposits 1,716,720 19,002 4.40 1,631,290 17,928 4.42 1,619,572 16,461 4.03 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 241,083 2,044 3.37 293,603 2,683 3.68 327,711 2,876 3.48 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 237,935 2,549 4.26 149,234 1,592 4.29 111,087 888 3.17 Long-term debt, net 106,706 1,892 7.05 106,532 1,862 7.03 106,036 1,919 7.18 Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities 9,280,948 77,450 3.32 9,101,576 75,384 3.33 8,711,647 60,540 2.76 Noninterest demand 3,393,110 3,485,603 3,987,761 Other liabilities 154,344 134,900 133,846 Total Liabilities 12,828,402 12,722,079 12,833,254 Shareholders equity 2,168,444 2,117,628 2,072,747 Total Liabilities Equity 14,996,846 14,839,707 14,906,003 Cost of deposits 2.34 2.31 1.79 Interest expense as a of earning assets 2.29 2.29 1.81 Net interest income as a of earning assets 106,975 3.17 104,657 3.18 119,505 3.57 1 On a fully taxable equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure - see Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information and a reconciliation to GAAP. All yields and rates have been computed on an annual basis using amortized cost. Fees on loans have been included in interest on loans. Nonaccrual loans are included in loan balances. 
 
 Average Balances, Interest Income and Expenses, Yields and Rates 1 
 2024 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Average Yield/ Average Yield/ (In thousands, except ratios) Balance Interest Rate Balance Interest Rate Assets Earning assets: Securities: Taxable 2,655,422 72,511 3.65 2,649,127 61,543 3.10 Nontaxable 5,677 123 2.89 15,721 370 3.14 Total Securities 2,661,099 72,634 3.65 2,664,848 61,913 3.10 Federal funds sold 438,089 17,929 5.47 336,022 12,444 4.95 Interest bearing deposits with other banks and other investments 102,415 3,721 4.85 90,511 4,530 6.69 Total Loans, net 10,056,466 446,108 5.93 9,840,484 433,821 5.89 Total Earning Assets 13,258,069 540,392 5.44 12,931,865 512,708 5.30 Allowance for credit losses (145,579) (151,613) Cash and due from banks 167,424 185,426 Premises and equipment, net 110,929 116,840 Intangible assets 819,046 811,483 Bank owned life insurance 302,220 287,756 Other assets including deferred tax assets 330,898 402,175 Total Assets 14,843,007 14,583,932 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand 2,626,026 43,117 2.19 2,642,180 25,780 1.30 Savings 586,285 1,701 0.39 909,184 1,292 0.19 Money market 3,673,493 105,998 3.85 2,831,747 54,540 2.58 Time deposits 1,646,285 54,051 4.39 1,288,736 36,490 3.79 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 289,181 7,806 3.61 249,242 5,333 2.86 Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 163,468 5,101 4.17 214,415 5,936 3.70 Long-term debt, net 106,538 5,688 7.13 103,469 5,328 6.88 Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities 9,091,276 223,462 3.28 8,238,973 134,699 2.19 Noninterest demand 3,468,790 4,204,389 Other liabilities 148,000 126,487 Total Liabilities 12,708,066 12,569,849 Shareholders' equity 2,134,941 2,014,083 Total Liabilities Equity 14,843,007 14,583,932 Cost of deposits 2.28 1.33 Interest expense as a of earning assets 2.25 1.39 Net interest income as a of earning assets 316,930 3.19 378,009 3.91 1 On a fully taxable equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure - see "Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for more information and a reconciliation to GAAP. All yields and rates have been computed on an annual basis using amortized cost. Fees on loans have been included in interest on loans. Nonaccrual loans are included in loan balances. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income totaled 23.7 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.5 million, or 7 , compared to the second quarter of 2024 and an increase of 5.9 million, or 33 , from the third quarter of 2023. Noninterest income totaled 66.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 4.5 million, or 7 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Noninterest income is detailed as follows: 
 Third Second Third Nine Months Ended Quarter Quarter Quarter September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service charges on deposit accounts 5,412 5,342 4,648 15,714 13,450 Interchange income 1,911 1,940 1,684 5,739 11,444 Wealth management income 3,843 3,766 3,138 11,149 9,519 Mortgage banking fees 485 582 410 1,448 1,412 Insurance agency income 1,399 1,355 1,183 4,045 3,444 SBA gains 391 694 613 1,824 1,184 BOLI income 2,578 2,596 2,197 7,438 6,181 Other 7,473 5,953 4,307 18,631 15,636 23,492 22,228 18,180 65,988 62,270 Securities gains (losses), net 187 (44) (387) 372 (456) Total 23,679 22,184 17,793 66,360 61,814 
 Service charges on deposits were 5.4 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 5.3 million in the second quarter of 2024, and 4.6 million in the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, service charges on deposits totaled 15.7 million, an increase of 2.3 million, or 17 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s investments in talent and market expansion across the state have resulted in continued growth in treasury management services to commercial customers. 
 Interchange income remained flat compared to the second quarter of 2024 and increased 0.2 million, or 13 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase from the prior year quarter reflects continued organic growth. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interchange income totaled 5.7 million, a decrease of 5.7 million, or 50 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to the impact of the Durbin amendment, which became effective for the Company on July 1, 2023. 
 Wealth management income, including trust fees and brokerage commissions and fees, was 3.8 million in both the second and third quarters of 2024, compared to 3.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, wealth management income totaled 11.1 million, an increase of 1.6 million, or 17 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The wealth management division continues to demonstrate success in building relationships, and assets under management have increased 276.5 million, or 16 , from December 31, 2023, to 2.0 billion at September 30, 2024. 
 Insurance agency income was similar to the second quarter of 2024 and totaled 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.2 million in the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, insurance agency income totaled 4.0 million, an increase of 0.6 million, or 17 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting continued growth and expansion of insurance services. 
 Bank owned life insurance BOLI income of 2.6 million for the third quarter of 2024 was consistent with the second quarter of 2024 and increased 0.4 million, or 17 , from 2.2 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, BOLI income totaled 7.4 million, an increase of 1.3 million, or 20 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, with policy exchanges executed in the first quarter of 2024 resulting in improved ongoing yields. 
 Other income was 7.5 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.5 million, or 26 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and an increase of 3.2 million, or 74 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other income totaled 18.6 million, an increase of 3.0 million, or 19 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Changes in each period reflect variability in income from SBIC investments, loan swap-related fees, and other fees correlating with growth in customers and accounts. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Net securities activity resulted in gains of 0.2 million during the third quarter of 2024, losses of 44 thousand in the second quarter of 2024 , and losses of 0.4 million in the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net securities activity resulted in gains of 0.4 million, compared to losses of 0.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The first quarter of 2024 included gains of 4.1 million on the sale of the Company s holdings of Visa Class B stock, which were largely offset by losses of 3.8 million on the sale of 86.8 million, or 3 , of the bank s investment securities portfolio. The proceeds were reinvested at a yield of 5.53 , with an expected earnback on the trade of 1.9 years. 
 In October 2024, the Company took advantage of favorable market conditions and repositioned a portion of its available for sale securities portfolio. Securities with an average book yield of 2.8 were sold, resulting in a pre-tax loss of approximately 8.0 million impacting fourth quarter 2024 results. The proceeds of approximately 113.0 million were reinvested in agency mortgage-backed securities with an average book yield of 5.4 , for an estimated earnback of less than three years. 
 
 Noninterest Expenses 
 Noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 84.8 million, an increase of 2.3 million, or 3 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and a decrease of 9.1 million, or 10 , from the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, noninterest expense totaled 257.7 million, a decrease of 51.5 million, or 17 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decreases from 2023 are the result of cost-saving initiatives and prudent management of expenses, while maintaining strategic investments to support continued growth. Noninterest expenses are detailed as follows: 
 Third Second Third Nine Months Ended Quarter Quarter Quarter September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Salaries and wages 40,697 38,937 46,431 119,938 139,202 Employee benefits 6,955 6,861 7,206 21,705 23,240 Outsourced data processing costs 8,003 8,210 8,714 28,331 43,489 Occupancy 7,096 7,180 7,758 22,313 24,360 Furniture and equipment 2,060 1,956 2,052 6,027 6,664 Marketing 2,729 3,266 1,876 8,650 6,161 Legal and professional fees 2,708 1,982 2,679 6,841 14,220 FDIC assessments 1,882 2,131 2,258 6,171 5,817 Amortization of intangibles 6,002 6,003 7,457 18,297 21,838 Other real estate owned expense and net (gain) loss on sale 491 (109) 274 356 412 Provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments 250 251 751 1,239 Other 5,945 5,869 7,210 18,346 22,613 Total 84,818 82,537 93,915 257,726 309,255 
 Salaries and wages totaled 40.7 million for the third quarter of 2024, 38.9 million for the second quarter of 2024, and 46.4 million for the third quarter of 2023. The third quarter of 2024 reflects continued additions to the banking team as the Company focuses on organic growth. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, salaries and wages totaled 119.9 million, a decrease of 19.3 million, or 14 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. A workforce reduction in early 2024 partially offset revenue compression from higher interest rates. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, employee benefits, which include costs associated with the Company s self-funded health insurance benefits, 401(k) plan, payroll taxes, and unemployment compensation, were 7.0 million, an increase of 0.1 million, or 1 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and a decrease of 0.3 million, or 3 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, employee benefit costs totaled 21.7 million, a decrease of 1.5 million, or 7 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decreases compared to the 2023 periods are related to reductions in the workforce. 
 The Company utilizes third parties for its core data processing systems. Ongoing data processing costs are directly related to the number of transactions processed and the negotiated rates associated with those transactions. Outsourced data processing costs totaled 8.0 million, 8.2 million, and 8.7 million for the third quarter of 2024, second quarter of 2024, and third quarter of 2023, respectively. Lower expenses in the third quarter of 2024 reflect the benefit of lower negotiated rates with key service providers. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, outsourced data processing costs totaled 28.3 million, a decrease of 
 40 

Table of Contents 

15.2 million, or 35 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 2023 period included 17.5 million in costs directly associated with bank acquisitions. 
 Total occupancy and furniture and equipment expenses were 9.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, 9.1 million in the second quarter of 2024, and 9.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in expenses compared to the third quarter of 2023 is the result of expense reduction efforts completed during 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, occupancy and furniture and equipment expenses totaled 28.3 million, a decrease of 2.7 million, or 9 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Marketing expenses totaled 2.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, 3.3 million in the second quarter of 2024, and 1.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, marketing expenses totaled 8.7 million, an increase of 2.5 million, or 40 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Planned investments in branding and in marketing campaigns across the state led to higher marketing expenses in 2024, with changes between periods driven by the timing of various campaigns. 
 Legal and professional fees for the third quarter of 2024 were 2.7 million, an increase of 0.7 million, or 37 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and similar to expenses in the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, legal and professional fees totaled 6.8 million, a decrease of 7.4 million, or 52 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 2023 period included 6.5 million in costs directly associated with bank acquisitions. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses was 6.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 4.9 million for the second quarter of 2024, and 2.7 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, provision for credit losses was 12.6 million, compared to 33.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The first quarter of 2023 included a 26.6 million day-one provision recorded in conjunction with the Professional acquisition. Excluding the day-one provision, the increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to loan growth. 
 In late September and early October 2024, communities across our corporate footprint were impacted by Hurricanes Helene and Milton. We maintained uninterrupted digital and telephone access for our customers and, having experienced minimal impacts to our branch properties, we fully reopened to serve our communities shortly after each storm passed. Recovery efforts in many areas continue and the full impacts on people and businesses in the most hard-hit regions are not fully known. We do not expect a significant impact from Hurricane Helene, but an additional provision for credit losses may be warranted in the fourth quarter of 2024 for the impacts of Hurricane Milton, in a range between approximately 5 million and 10 million. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 For the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded tax expense of 8.6 million, a decrease of 0.3 million, or 3 , compared to the second quarter of 2024 and a decrease of 0.5 million, or 5 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2024 was 21.9 , compared to 22.4 in the second quarter of 2024 and 22.8 in the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, tax expense totaled 25.3 million, an increase of 3.4 million, or 15 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, with an effective tax rate of 22.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 22.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This report contains financial information determined by methods other than Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). The financial highlights provide reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted financial measures including net income, fully taxable equivalent net interest income, noninterest income, noninterest expense, tax adjustments, net interest margin and other financial ratios. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in its analysis of the Company s performance and believes these presentations provide useful supplemental information, and a clearer understanding of the Company s performance. The Company believes the non-GAAP measures enhance investors understanding of the Company s business and performance and if not provided would be requested by the investor community. These measures are also useful in understanding performance trends and facilitate comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions. The limitations associated with operating measures are the risk that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items comprising these measures and that different companies might define or calculate these measures differently. The Company provides reconciliations between GAAP and these non-GAAP measures. These disclosures should not be considered an alternative to GAAP. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 
 Third Second Third Nine Months Ended Quarter Quarter Quarter September 30, (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 30,651 30,244 31,414 86,901 74,490 Total noninterest income 23,679 22,184 17,793 66,360 61,814 Securities (gains)/losses, net (187) 44 387 (372) 456 BOLI benefits on death (included in other income) (2,117) Total adjustments to noninterest income (187) 44 387 (372) (1,661) Total adjusted noninterest income 23,492 22,228 18,180 65,988 60,153 Total noninterest expense 84,818 82,537 93,915 257,726 309,255 Merger related charges (33,180) Branch reductions and other expense initiatives 1 
 (3,305) (7,094) (5,167) Adjustments to noninterest expense (3,305) (7,094) (38,347) Adjusted noninterest expense 2 
 84,818 82,537 90,610 250,632 270,908 Income taxes 8,602 8,909 9,076 25,341 21,962 Tax effect of adjustments (47) 11 936 1,703 9,298 Adjusted income taxes 8,555 8,920 10,012 27,044 31,260 Adjusted net income 2 
 30,511 30,277 34,170 91,920 101,878 Earnings per diluted share, as reported 0.36 0.36 0.37 1.02 0.89 Adjusted earnings per diluted share 0.36 0.36 0.40 1.08 1.21 Average diluted shares outstanding 85,069 84,816 85,666 84,915 83,993 Adjusted noninterest expense 84,818 82,537 90,610 250,632 270,908 Provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments (250) (251) (751) (1,239) Other real estate owned expense and net (gain) loss on sale (491) 109 (274) (356) (412) Amortization of intangibles (6,002) (6,003) (7,457) (18,297) (21,838) Net adjusted noninterest expense 78,075 76,392 82,879 231,228 247,419 Net adjusted noninterest expense 78,075 76,392 82,879 231,228 247,419 Average tangible assets 14,184,085 14,020,793 14,066,216 14,023,961 13,772,449 Net adjusted noninterest expense to average tangible assets 2.19 2.19 2.34 2.20 2.40 Net revenue 130,344 126,608 137,099 382,527 439,235 Total adjustments to net revenue (187) 44 387 (372) (1,661) Impact of FTE adjustment 310 233 199 763 588 Adjusted net revenue on a fully taxable equivalent basis 130,467 126,885 137,685 382,918 438,162 Adjusted efficiency ratio 59.84 60.21 60.19 60.39 56.47 Net interest income 106,665 104,424 119,306 316,167 377,421 Impact of FTE adjustment 310 233 199 763 588 Net interest income including FTE adjustment 106,975 104,657 119,505 316,930 378,009 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Third Second Third Nine Months Ended Quarter Quarter Quarter September 30, (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total noninterest income 23,679 22,184 17,793 66,360 61,814 Total noninterest expense less provision for credit losses on unfunded commitments 84,568 82,286 93,915 256,975 308,016 Pre-tax pre-provision earnings 46,086 44,555 43,383 126,315 131,807 Total adjustments to noninterest income (187) 44 387 (372) (1,661) Total adjustments to noninterest expense including other real estate owned expense and net (gain) loss on sale 491 (109) 3,579 7,450 38,759 Adjusted pre-tax pre-provision earnings 2 
 46,390 44,490 47,349 133,393 168,905 Average assets 14,996,846 14,839,707 14,906,003 14,843,007 14,583,932 Less average goodwill and intangible assets (812,761) (818,914) (839,787) (819,046) (811,483) Average tangible assets 14,184,085 14,020,793 14,066,216 14,023,961 13,772,449 Return on average assets (ROA) 0.81 0.82 0.84 0.78 0.68 Impact of removing average intangible assets and related amortization 0.18 0.18 0.20 0.18 0.20 Return on average tangible assets (ROTA) 0.99 1.00 1.04 0.96 0.88 Impact of other adjustments for adjusted net income (0.01) 0.08 0.05 0.27 Adjusted return on average tangible assets 0.98 1.00 1.12 1.01 1.15 Pre-tax pre-provision return on average tangible assets 1.46 1.45 1.43 1.38 1.49 Impact of adjustments on pre-tax pre-provision earnings 0.01 0.12 0.06 0.36 Adjusted pre-tax pre-provision return on average tangible assets 2 
 1.47 1.45 1.55 1.44 1.85 Average shareholders equity 2,168,444 2,117,628 2,072,747 2,134,941 2,014,083 Less average goodwill and intangible assets (812,761) (818,914) (839,787) (819,046) (811,483) Average tangible equity 1,355,683 1,298,714 1,232,960 1,315,895 1,202,600 Return on average shareholders equity 5.62 5.74 6.01 5.44 4.94 Impact of removing average intangible assets and related amortization 4.69 5.01 5.89 4.77 5.15 Return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE) 10.31 10.75 11.90 10.21 10.09 Impact of other adjustments for adjusted net income (0.04) 0.01 0.89 0.51 3.05 Adjusted return on average tangible common equity 10.27 10.76 12.79 10.72 13.14 Loan interest income 3 
 151,282 147,518 150,048 446,108 433,821 Accretion on acquired loans (9,182) (10,178) (14,843) (29,955) (45,365) Loan interest income excluding accretion on acquired loans 3 
 142,100 137,340 135,205 416,153 388,456 Yield on loans 3 
 5.94 5.93 5.93 5.93 5.89 Impact of accretion on acquired loans (0.36) (0.41) (0.59) (0.40) (0.61) Yield on loans excluding accretion on acquired loans 3 
 5.58 5.52 5.34 5.53 5.28 Net interest income 3 
 106,975 104,657 119,505 316,930 378,009 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Third Second Third Nine Months Ended Quarter Quarter Quarter September 30, (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Accretion on acquired loans (9,182) (10,178) (14,843) (29,955) (45,365) Net interest income excluding accretion on acquired loans 3 
 97,793 94,479 104,662 286,975 332,644 Net interest margin 3 
 3.17 3.18 3.57 3.19 3.91 Impact of accretion on acquired loans (0.27) (0.30) (0.44) (0.30) (0.47) Net interest margin excluding accretion on acquired loans 3 
 2.90 2.87 3.13 2.89 3.44 Securities interest income 3 
 26,005 24,195 21,520 72,634 61,913 Fully taxable equivalent adjustment to securities (8) (7) (22) (22) (71) Securities interest income excluding fully taxable equivalent adjustment 25,997 24,188 21,498 72,612 61,842 Loan interest income 3 
 151,282 147,518 150,048 446,108 433,821 Fully taxable equivalent adjustment to loans (302) (226) (177) (741) (517) Loan interest income excluding fully taxable equivalent adjustment 150,980 147,292 149,871 445,367 433,304 Net interest income 3 
 106,975 104,657 119,505 316,930 378,009 Fully taxable equivalent adjustments to securities (8) (7) (22) (22) (71) Fully taxable equivalent adjustments to loans (302) (226) (177) (741) (517) Net interest income excluding fully taxable equivalent adjustments 106,665 104,424 119,306 316,167 377,421 1 Includes severance, contract termination costs, disposition of branch premises and fixed assets, and other costs to effect the Company s branch consolidation and other expense reduction strategies. 
 2 As of 1Q 24, amortization of intangibles is excluded from adjustments to noninterest expense; prior periods have been updated to reflect the change. 
 3 On a fully taxable equivalent basis. All yields and rates have been computed using amortized cost. 

Financial Condition 
 Total assets as of September 30, 2024 were 15.2 billion, an increase of 588.1 million, or 4 , from December 31, 2023. 
 Securities 
 Information related to yields, maturities, carrying values and fair value of the Company s securities is set forth in Note 3 Securities in this report. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had 2.2 billion in AFS securities and 646.1 million in HTM securities. The Company s total debt securities portfolio increased 289.8 million from December 31, 2023. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized a 4.1 million gain on the opportunistic sale of its Visa Class B shares. The gain was offset by a partial repositioning of the securities portfolio, in which 86.8 million of securities were sold, with 3.8 million in realized losses. 
 Debt securities generally return principal and interest monthly. The modified duration of the AFS securities portfolio and the total portfolio was 4.1 and 4.5, respectively, at September 30, 2024 compared to 4.5 and 4.9, respectively, at December 31, 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024, AFS securities had gross unrealized losses of 179.0 million and gross unrealized gains of 13.8 million, compared to gross unrealized losses of 217.7 million and gross unrealized gains of 4.4 million at December 31, 2023. 
 The credit quality of the Company s securities holdings is primarily investment grade. U.S. Treasury securities, obligations of U.S. government agencies, and obligations of U.S. government sponsored entities totaled 2.4 billion, or 85 , of the total portfolio. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

The portfolio includes 136.0 million, with a fair value of 129.3 million, in private label residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations. Included are 121.6 million, with a fair value of 111.4 million, in private label residential securities with weighted average credit support of 23 . The collateral underlying these mortgage investments includes both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans. Commercial securities totaled 9.6 million, with a fair value of 9.2 million. These securities have weighted average credit support of 22 . The collateral underlying these mortgages are primarily pooled multifamily loans. 
 The Company also has invested 286.0 million in floating rate collateralized loan obligations. Collateralized loan obligations are special purpose vehicles that purchase first lien broadly syndicated corporate loans while providing support to senior tranche investors. As of September 30, 2024, all of the Company s collateralized loan obligations were in AAA/AA tranches with weighted average credit support of 34 . The Company utilizes credit models with assumptions of loan level defaults, recoveries, and prepayments to evaluate each security for potential credit losses. The result of this analysis did not indicate expected credit losses. 
 HTM securities consist solely of mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities, each of which is expected to recover any price depreciation over its holding period as the debt securities move to maturity. The Company has significant liquidity and available borrowing capacity through other sources if needed, and has the intent and ability to hold these investments to maturity. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company has determined that all debt securities in an unrealized loss position are the result of both broad investment type spreads and the current interest rate environment. Management believes that each investment will recover any price depreciation over its holding period as the debt securities move to maturity, and management has the intent and ability to hold these investments to maturity if necessary. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, no allowance for credit losses has been recorded. 
 
 Loan Portfolio 
 Loans, net of unearned income and excluding the allowance for credit losses, were 10.2 billion at September 30, 2024, a 142.3 million, or 1.4 , increase from December 31, 2023. 
 The Company remains committed to sound risk management procedures. Portfolio diversification in terms of asset mix, industry, and loan type has been and continues to be an important element of the Company s lending strategy. The average loan size is 360 thousand, and the average commercial loan size is 789 thousand at September 30, 2024, reflecting the Company s longtime focus on granularity and on creating valuable customer relationships. Lending policies contain guardrails that pertain to lending by type of collateral and purpose, along with limits regarding loan concentrations and the principal amount of loans. The Company s exposure to commercial real estate lending remains well below regulatory limits (see Loan Concentrations ). 
 The following tables detail loan portfolio composition at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 for portfolio loans, purchased credit deteriorated PCD and loans purchased which are not considered purchased credit deteriorated Non-PCD as defined in Note 4 - Loans . 
 September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Portfolio Loans Acquired Non-PCD Loans PCD Loans Total Construction and land development 495,458 99,756 539 595,753 Commercial real estate - owner occupied 1,150,809 493,986 32,019 1,676,814 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 2,228,137 1,214,092 130,847 3,573,076 Residential real estate 1,811,941 734,399 18,563 2,564,903 Commercial and financial 1,332,939 213,109 29,180 1,575,228 Consumer 158,902 60,293 312 219,507 Totals 7,178,186 2,815,635 211,460 10,205,281 
 45 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Portfolio Loans Acquired Non-PCD Loans PCD Loans Total Construction and land development 519,426 247,654 542 767,622 Commercial real estate - owner occupied 1,079,633 552,627 38,021 1,670,281 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 1,844,588 1,323,222 152,080 3,319,890 Residential real estate 1,714,748 710,129 20,815 2,445,692 Commercial and financial 1,237,090 318,683 52,115 1,607,888 Consumer 175,969 74,854 744 251,567 Totals 6,571,454 3,227,169 264,317 10,062,940 
 The amortized cost basis of loans included net deferred costs of 44.9 million at September 30, 2024 and 43.1 million at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the remaining fair value adjustments on acquired loans were 141.8 million, or 4.5 , of the outstanding acquired loan balances, compared to 174.0 million, or 4.8 , of the acquired loan balances at December 31, 2023. The discount is accreted into interest income over the remaining lives of the related loans on a level yield basis. 
 Collateral types and characteristics of non-owner occupied commercial real estate CRE loans as of September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 (In thousands) 
 Balance Balance of Total Loans Average Loan Size 30+ Days Past Due-Accruing Non Accrual Weighted Avg LTV 1 
 Retail 1,135,452 11.1 2,248 324 50 Office 561,984 5.5 1,678 2,914 54 Multifamily 5+ 458,588 4.5 2,259 3,189 51 Hotel/Motel 363,324 3.6 3,707 3,341 15,684 49 Industrial/Warehouse 429,894 4.2 2,128 2,554 195 54 Other 623,834 6.1 1,147 2,377 6,724 51 Total 3,573,076 35.0 1,893 8,596 28,706 51 1 Loan-to-value is calculated based on the real estate value at the time of origination, renewal, or update, whichever is more recent. 
 
 Non-owner occupied CRE loans increased by 253.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, totaling 3.6 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 3.3 billion at December 31, 2023. Non-owner occupied CRE loans are collateralized by properties where the source of repayment is typically from the sale or lease of the property. Within the non-owner occupied CRE portfolio, the largest segment is Retail properties, which totaled approximately 1.1 billion at September 30, 2024. This segment targets grocery or credit tenant-anchored shopping plazas, single credit tenant retail buildings, smaller outparcels, and other small retail units. Loans in this segment have a weighted average loan to value of 50 and an average loan size of 2.2 million. 
 The second-largest segment in the non-owner occupied CRE portfolio is office properties, which totaled 562.0 million at September 30, 2024. This segment targets low to mid-rise suburban offices and is broadly diversified across many types of professional services. There is limited exposure to central business districts. Loans in this segment have a weighted average loan to value of 54 and an average loan size of 1.7 million. 
 Owner-occupied CRE loans increased by 6.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 1.7 billion. Owner-occupied CRE is used by the owner, where the primary source of repayment is the cash flow from business operations housed within the property. 
 Commercial and financial loans are extended to commercial customers for working capital, physical asset expansion, asset acquisition or other business purposes. Balances decreased 32.7 million, or 2 , from December 31, 2023, totaling 1.6 billion at September 30, 2024. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Residential mortgage loans increased 119.2 million to 2.6 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Included in the balance as of September 30, 2024, were 981.3 million of fixed rate mortgages, 981.1 million of adjustable rate mortgages and 602.5 million in home equity loans and home equity lines of credit HELOCs ), compared to 1.0 billion, 865.2 million and 488.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 2023. Substantially all residential originations have been underwritten to conventional loan agency standards, including loan balances that exceed agency value limitations. The average LTV of our HELOC portfolio is 64 , with 32 of the loans being in first lien position at September 30, 2024, compared to an average LTV of 63 , with 35 of the portfolio being in the first lien position at December 31, 2023. 
 The Company also provides consumer loans, which include installment loans, auto loans, marine loans, and other consumer loans, which decreased 32.1 million, or 13 , to total 219.5 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 251.6 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Loan production and late-stage pipelines (loans in underwriting and approval or approved and not yet closed) are detailed in the following table for the periods specified. Pipelines include lines of credit at the full proposed commitment amount, which may not result in fully funded originations. 
 Third Second Third Quarter Quarter Quarter (In thousands) 2024 2024 2023 Commercial/commercial real estate loan pipeline at period end 744,548 743,789 259,445 Commercial/commercial real estate loans closed 499,655 405,957 94,021 SBA pipeline at period end 28,944 29,296 41,353 SBA originations 18,386 8,226 12,476 Residential pipeline - saleable at period end 11,222 12,095 6,820 Residential loans - sold 23,200 21,417 17,625 Residential pipeline - portfolio at period end 21,920 24,721 20,945 Residential loans - retained 51,507 42,431 43,962 Consumer pipeline at period end 24,447 24,532 24,482 Consumer originations 65,140 59,973 76,531 
 Commercial and commercial real estate originations during the third quarter of 2024 were 499.7 million, an increase of 93.7 million, or 23 , compared to the second quarter of 2024, and an increase of 405.6 million, or 431 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The Company continues to exercise a disciplined approach to lending and is benefiting from the investments made in recent years to attract talent from large regional banks across its markets. This talent is onboarding significant new relationships, resulting in increased loan production. Commercial and commercial real estate pipelines were 744.5 million as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.8 million from 743.8 million at June 30, 2024, and an increase of 187 from 259.4 million at September 30, 2023. 
 SBA originations totaled 18.4 million during the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 10.2 million compared to the second quarter of 2024, and an increase of 5.9 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 Residential loans originated for sale in the secondary market totaled 23.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 21.4 million in the second quarter of 2024 and 17.6 million in the third quarter of 2023. Residential saleable pipelines were 11.2 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 12.1 million as of June 30, 2024 and 6.8 million as of September 30, 2023. 
 Residential loan production retained in the portfolio for the third quarter of 2024 was 51.5 million, compared to 42.4 million in the second quarter of 2024 and 44.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. The pipeline of residential loans intended to be retained in the portfolio was 21.9 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 24.7 million as of June 30, 2024, and 20.9 million as of September 30, 2023. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Consumer originations, which include HELOCs, totaled 65.1 million during the third quarter of 2024, compared to 60.0 million in the second quarter of 2024 and 76.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. The consumer pipeline was 24.4 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 24.5 million as of June 30, 2024 and 24.5 million at September 30, 2023. 
 Loan Concentrations 
 The Company has developed guardrails to manage loan types that are most impacted by stressed market conditions to minimize credit risk concentration to capital. Outstanding balances for commercial and commercial real estate loan relationships greater than 10 million totaled 2.6 billion, representing 26 of the total portfolio at September 30, 2024, compared to 2.3 billion, or 23 , at December 31, 2023. The Company s ten largest commercial and commercial real estate funded and unfunded relationships at September 30, 2024 aggregated to 550.7 million, of which 441.4 million was funded, compared to 505.7 million at December 31, 2023, of which 348.3 million was funded. 
 Concentrations in construction and land development loans and CRE loans are maintained well below regulatory guidelines. Construction and land development and CRE loan concentrations as a percentage of subsidiary bank total risk based capital were 36 and 241 , respectively, at September 30, 2024, compared to 48 and 244 , respectively, at December 31, 2023. Regulatory guidance suggests limits of 100 and 300 , respectively. On a consolidated basis, construction and land development and commercial real estate loans represent 34 and 227 , respectively, of total consolidated risk based capital as of September 30, 2024 compared to 45 and 228 , respectively, at December 31, 2023. To determine these ratios, the Company defines CRE in accordance with the guidance on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending (the Guidance issued by the federal bank regulatory agencies in 2006 (and reinforced in 2015), which defines CRE loans as exposures secured by land development and construction, including 1-4 family residential construction, multi-family property, and non-farm nonresidential property where the primary or a significant source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property (i.e., loans for which 50 percent or more of the source of repayment comes from third party, non-affiliated, rental income) or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing, or permanent financing of the property. Loans to real estate investment trusts REITs and unsecured loans to developers that closely correlate to the inherent risks in CRE markets would also be considered CRE loans under the Guidance. Loans on owner-occupied CRE are generally excluded. In addition, the Company is subject to a geographic concentration of credit because it primarily operates in Florida. 
 Nonperforming Loans, Troubled Borrower Modifications, Other Real Estate Owned and Credit Quality 
 Nonperforming assets NPAs at September 30, 2024 totaled 87.3 million, and were comprised of 80.9 million of nonaccrual loans, and 6.4 million of other real estate owned OREO ), including 5.7 million of branches taken out of service. Overall, NPAs increased 14.6 million, or 20 , from 72.7 million as of December 31, 2023. NPAs to total assets at September 30, 2024 increased to 0.58 from 0.50 at December 31, 2023. 
 Compared to December 31, 2023, nonaccrual loans increased 15.8 million, or 24 . Approximately 75 of nonaccrual loans were secured with real estate at September 30, 2024. Nonperforming loans to total loans outstanding at September 30, 2024 increased to 0.79 from 0.65 at December 31, 2023. A significant portion of nonaccrual loans have collateral values well in excess of balances outstanding, and therefore, no loss is expected. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

The tables below set forth details related to nonaccrual loans. 
 September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Nonaccrual Loans With No Related Allowance Nonaccrual Loans With an Allowance Total Nonaccrual Loans Allowance for Credit Losses Construction and land development 94 744 838 177 Commercial real estate - owner occupied 2,664 7,002 9,666 1,188 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 25,452 3,254 28,706 1,715 Residential real estate 6,379 14,690 21,069 562 Commercial and financial 3,571 15,533 19,104 6,676 Consumer 1,474 1,474 221 Totals 38,160 42,697 80,857 10,539 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Nonaccrual Loans With No Related Allowance Nonaccrual Loans With an Allowance Total Nonaccrual Loans Allowance for Credit Losses Construction and land development 824 824 Commercial real estate - owner occupied 4,859 4,825 9,684 41 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied 3,938 4,797 8,735 230 Residential real estate 1,792 8,194 9,986 58 Commercial and financial 4,868 29,825 34,693 2,319 Consumer 1,182 1,182 257 Totals 15,457 49,647 65,104 2,905 
 
 In accordance with regulatory reporting requirements, loans are placed on nonaccrual following the Retail Classification of Loan interagency guidance. The accrual of interest is generally discontinued on loans that become 90 days past due as to principal or interest unless collection of both principal and interest is assured by way of collateralization, guarantees or other security. Consumer loans that become 120 days past due are generally charged off. The loan carrying value is analyzed and any changes are appropriately made quarterly, as described above. 
 In certain circumstances, the Company provides modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, which the Company refers to as troubled borrower modifications TBMs ). Loans that were modified as TBMs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are included in Note 4 - Loans . 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 Management establishes the allowance using relevant available information from both internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The forecasts of future economic conditions are over a period that has been deemed reasonable and supportable, and in segments where it can no longer develop reasonable and supportable forecasts, the Company reverts to longer-term historical loss experience to estimate losses over the remaining life of the loans. Expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual term of the loans, adjusted for expected prepayments. 
 The Company recorded provision expense of 6.3 million and 12.6 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.7 million and 33.5 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company recorded net charge-offs of 7.4 million and 21.0 million, respectively, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.7 million and 16.6 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The ratio of allowance for credit losses to total loans was 1.38 at September 30, 2024, 1.47 at December 31, 2023, and 1.49 at September 30, 2023. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Liquidity Risk Management 
 Liquidity risk involves the risk of being unable to fund assets with the appropriate duration and rate-based liability, as well as the risk of not being able to meet unexpected cash needs. Liquidity planning and management are necessary to ensure the ability to fund operations cost effectively and to meet current and future potential obligations such as loan commitments and unexpected deposit outflows. 
 Funding sources primarily include customer-based deposits, collateral-backed borrowings, brokered deposits, cash flows from operations, cash flows from the loan and investment portfolios and asset sales, primarily secondary marketing for residential real estate mortgages. Cash flows from operations are a significant component of liquidity risk management and the Company considers both deposit maturities and the scheduled cash flows from loan and investment maturities and payments when managing risk. 
 Cash and cash equivalents, including interest bearing deposits, totaled 637.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 447.2 million at December 31, 2023. Higher cash and cash equivalent balances at September 30, 2024 are consistent with the Company s strategic balance sheet management. 
 Deposits are a primary source of liquidity. The stability of this funding source is affected by numerous factors, including returns available to customers on alternative investments, the quality of customer service levels, perception of safety and competitive forces. Total uninsured deposits were estimated to be 4.3 billion at September 30, 2024, representing 36 of overall deposit accounts. This includes public funds under the Florida Qualified Public Depository program, which provides loss protection to depositors beyond FDIC insurance limits. Excluding such balances, the uninsured and uncollateralized deposits were 31 of total deposits at September 30, 2024. The Company has liquidity sources as discussed below, including cash and lines of credit with the FRB and FHLB, that represent 145 of uninsured deposits, and 167 of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits. 
 In addition to 637.1 million in cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024, the Company had 5.7 billion in available borrowing capacity, including 4.1 billion in available collateralized lines of credit, 1.2 billion of unpledged debt securities available as collateral for potential additional borrowings, and available unsecured lines of credit of 348.0 million. The Company may also access funding by acquiring brokered deposits. Brokered deposits at September 30, 2024 totaled 256.5 million, compared to 122.3 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Contractual maturities for assets and liabilities are reviewed to meet current and expected future liquidity requirements. Sources of liquidity are maintained through a portfolio of high-quality marketable assets, such as residential mortgage loans, debt securities available-for-sale and interest-bearing deposits. The Company is also able to provide short-term financing of its activities by selling, under an agreement to repurchase, United States Treasury and Government agency debt securities not pledged to secure public deposits or trust funds. 
 The Company has traditionally relied upon dividends from Seacoast Bank and securities offerings to provide funds to pay the Company s expenses and to service the Company s debt. During the third quarter of 2024, Seacoast Bank distributed 15.4 million to the Company and, at September 30, 2024, is eligible to distribute dividends to the Company of approximately 172.1 million without prior regulatory approval. At September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents at the parent of approximately 97.4 million, compared to 101.7 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Deposits and Borrowings 
 Customer relationship funding is detailed in the following table for the periods specified: 
 September 30, December 31, (In thousands, except ratios) 2024 2023 Noninterest demand 3,443,455 3,544,981 Interest-bearing demand 2,487,448 2,790,210 Money market 4,034,371 3,314,288 Savings 524,474 651,454 Time deposits 1,497,301 1,353,655 Brokered deposits 256,536 122,347 Total deposits 12,243,585 11,776,935 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 210,176 374,573 Total customer funding 1 
 12,197,225 12,029,161 Noninterest demand deposits as of total deposits 28 30 1 Total deposits and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, excluding brokered deposits. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase consists of customer sweep accounts. 
 
 The Company benefits from a diverse and granular deposit base that serves as a significant source of strength. Total deposits increased 466.7 million, or 4.0 , to 12.2 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. 
 Noninterest demand deposits represented 28 and 30 of total deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Customer transaction account balances (noninterest demand and interest-bearing demand) represented 49 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to 54 at December 31, 2023. 
 Customer sweep accounts totaled 210.2 million at September 30, 2024, decreasing 164.4 million, or 44 , from December 31, 2023. Repurchase agreements are offered by Seacoast to select customers who wish to sweep excess balances on a daily basis for investment purposes. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, long-term debt included 72.4 million and 72.2 million, respectively, related to trust preferred securities issued by trusts organized or acquired by the Company. At September 30, 2024, the average interest rate in effect on our outstanding subordinated debt related to trust preferred securities was 6.80 , compared to 7.34 at December 31, 2023. All trust preferred securities are guaranteed by the Company on a junior subordinated basis. Under Basel III and FRB rules, qualified trust preferred securities and other restricted capital elements can be included as Tier 1 capital, within limitations. The Company believes that its trust preferred securities qualify under these capital rules. 
 In 2022, the Company acquired 12.3 million in senior debt through the acquisition of Apollo Bancshares, Inc. Contractual interest is paid on a semiannual basis at a fixed rate of 5.50 until April 30, 2025, at which point the rate converts to a floating rate of 3-month SOFR plus 533 basis points. The debt was recorded at fair value, resulting in a 0.4 million premium that is being amortized into interest expense over the remaining term to maturity. 
 In 2023, the Company acquired 25.0 million in subordinated debt through the acquisition of Professional that qualifies as Tier 2 Capital. Contractual interest is paid on a semiannual basis at a fixed interest rate of 3.375 until January 30, 2027, at which point the rate converts to a 3-month SOFR rate plus 203 basis points paid quarterly. The debt was recorded at fair value, resulting in a 3.9 million discount that is being accreted into interest expense over the remaining term to maturity. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances totaled 245.0 million at September 30, 2024 with a weighted average interest rate of 4.19 , compared to 50.0 million at December 31, 2023 with an interest rate of 3.23 . 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions 
 In the normal course of business, the Company may engage in a variety of financial transactions that, under generally accepted accounting principles, either are not recorded on the balance sheet or are recorded on the balance sheet in amounts that differ from the full contract or notional amounts. These transactions involve varying elements of market, credit and liquidity risk. 
 Lending commitments include unfunded loan commitments and standby and commercial letters of credit. For loan commitments, the contractual amount of a commitment represents the maximum potential credit risk that could result if the entire commitment had been funded, the borrower had not performed according to the terms of the contract, and no collateral had been provided. A large majority of loan commitments and standby letters of credit expire without being funded, and accordingly, total contractual amounts are not representative of actual future credit exposure or liquidity requirements. Loan commitments and letters of credit expose the Company to credit risk in the event that the customer draws on the commitment and subsequently fails to perform under the terms of the lending agreement. 
 For commercial customers, loan commitments generally take the form of revolving credit arrangements. For retail customers, loan commitments generally are lines of credit secured by residential property. These instruments are not recorded on the balance sheet until funds are advanced under the commitment. Unfunded commitments to extend credit were 2.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2.7 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and Seacoast Bank enter into agreements, or are subject to regulatory agreements that result in cash, debt and dividend restrictions. A summary of the most restrictive items follows. 
 Seacoast Bank may be required to maintain reserve balances with the FRB. There was no reserve requirement at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 Under FRB regulation, Seacoast Bank is limited as to the amount it may loan to its affiliates, including the Company, unless such loans are collateralized by specified obligations. At September 30, 2024, the maximum amount available for transfer from Seacoast Bank to the Company in the form of loans approximated 196.1 million, if the Company has sufficient acceptable collateral. There were no loans made to affiliates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 The Company s equity capital at September 30, 2024 increased 85.8 million, or 4 , from December 31, 2023 to 2.2 billion. Changes in equity included an increase from net income of 86.9 million, partially offset by the payment of common stock dividends totaling 46.2 million. 
 The ratio of shareholders equity to period end total assets was 14.46 at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The ratio of tangible shareholders equity to tangible assets was 9.64 and 9.31 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Changes in the value of HTM securities are not reflected in shareholders equity under GAAP; however, illustratively, if all HTM securities were presented at fair value, the tangible common equity ratio would have been 9.11 at September 30, 2024 and 8.68 at December 31, 2023. 
 Activity in shareholders equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 follows: 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Beginning balance at December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 2,108,086 1,607,775 Net income 86,901 74,490 Stock based compensation expense 10,233 10,290 Common stock transactions related to stock based employee benefit plans 972 4,316 Issuance of common stock and conversion of options pursuant to acquisition 421,042 Repurchase of common stock (880) (45) Dividends on common stock 0.54 per share and 0.53 per share, respectively) 
 (46,170) (45,236) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income 34,708 (24,238) Ending balance at September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2,193,850 2,048,394 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Capital ratios are well above regulatory requirements for well-capitalized institutions. Management s use of risk-based capital ratios in its analysis of the Company s capital adequacy are not GAAP financial measures. Seacoast s management uses these measures to assess the quality of capital and believes that investors may find it useful in their analysis of the Company. The capital measures are not necessarily comparable to similar capital measures that may be presented by other companies and Seacoast does not nor should investors consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for GAAP financial information (see Note 8 Regulatory Capital ). 
 September 30, 2024 Seacoast (Consolidated) Seacoast Bank Minimum to be Well- Capitalized 1 
 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 16.18 15.26 10.00 Tier 1 Capital Ratio 14.76 14.05 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1) 14.10 14.05 6.50 Leverage Ratio 11.15 10.62 5.00 1 For subsidiary bank only. 
 
 The Company and Seacoast Bank are subject to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The appropriate federal bank regulatory authority may prohibit the payment of dividends where it has determined that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from Seacoast Bank and its other subsidiaries, and the Company s primary source of cash and liquidity, other than securities offerings and borrowings, is dividends from its bank subsidiary. Without Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC approval, Seacoast Bank can pay 172.1 million of dividends to the Company. 
 The OCC and the Federal Reserve have policies that encourage banks and bank holding companies to pay dividends from current earnings, and have the general authority to limit the dividends paid by national banks and bank holding companies, respectively, if such payment may be deemed to constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. If, in the particular circumstances, either of these federal regulators determined that the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice, either the OCC or the Federal Reserve may, among other things, issue a cease and desist order prohibiting the payment of dividends by Seacoast Bank or us, respectively. The board of directors of a bank holding company must consider different factors to ensure that its dividend level, if any, is prudent relative to the organization s financial position and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios such as any potential events that may occur before the payment date that could affect its ability to pay, while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, the FRB has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company, such as Seacoast, should consult with the FRB and eliminate, defer, or significantly reduce the bank holding company s dividends if: (i) its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 
 The Company has paid quarterly dividends to the holders of its common stock since the second quarter of 2021. Whether the Company continues to pay quarterly dividends and the amount of any such dividends will be at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, financial condition, results of operations, business prospects, capital requirements, regulatory restrictions, and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 The Company has seven wholly owned trust subsidiaries that have issued trust preferred stock. Trust preferred securities from acquisitions were recorded at fair value when acquired. All trust preferred securities are guaranteed by the Company on a junior subordinated basis. The FRB s rules permit qualified trust preferred securities and other restricted capital elements to be included under Basel III capital guidelines, with limitations, and net of goodwill and intangibles. The Company believes that its trust preferred securities qualify under these revised regulatory capital rules and believes that it can treat all its trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital. For regulatory purposes, the trust preferred securities are added to the Company s tangible common shareholders equity to calculate Tier 1 capital. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The Company s critical accounting policies are discussed in the MD A in Seacoast s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies in Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Disclosures regarding the effects of new accounting pronouncements are included in Note 1 Basis of Presentation in this report. There have been no changes to the Company s critical accounting policies during 2024. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Fluctuations in interest rates may result in changes in the fair value of the Company s financial instruments, cash flows and net interest income. This risk is managed using simulation modeling to calculate the most likely interest rate risk utilizing estimated loan and deposit growth. The objective is to optimize the Company s financial position, liquidity, and net interest income while limiting volatility. 
 Senior management regularly reviews the overall interest rate risk position and evaluates strategies to manage the risk. The Company's Asset and Liability Management Committee ALCO uses simulation analysis to monitor changes in net interest income due to changes in market interest rates. The simulation of rising, declining and flat interest rate scenarios allows management to monitor and adjust interest rate sensitivity to assess the impact of market interest rate swings. The analysis of the impact on net interest income over a twelve-month period is subjected to instantaneous changes in market rates and is monitored at least quarterly. 
 The following table presents the ALCO simulation model s projected impact of a change in interest rates on the projected baseline net interest income for the 12 and 24 month periods beginning October 1, 2024, holding all balances on the balance sheet static. It is important to note that the results in the table below assume parallel shifts in the yield curve and do not take into account changes in the slope of the yield curve nor changes in balance sheet size or mix. 
 
 Change in Projected Baseline Net Interest Income September 30, 2024 Change in Interest Rates 1-12 months 13-24 months +2.00 (9.9) (8.4) +1.00 (4.2) (3.3) Current -1.00 0.2 (1.6 -2.00 0.8 (3.5 
 The computations of interest rate risk do not necessarily include certain actions management may undertake to manage this risk in response to changes in interest rates. Management may adjust asset or liability pricing or structure in order to manage interest rate risk through an interest rate cycle. This may include the use of investment portfolio purchases or sales or the use of derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swaps, options, caps, floors, futures or forward contracts. 

Effects of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 The condensed consolidated financial statements and related financial data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money, over time, due to inflation. 
 Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than the general level of inflation. However, inflation affects financial institutions by increasing their cost of goods and services purchased, as well as the cost of salaries and benefits, occupancy expense, and similar items. Inflation and related increases in interest rates generally decrease the market value of investments and loans held and may adversely affect liquidity, earnings, and shareholders equity. Mortgage origination and refinancing tends to slow as interest rates increase, and higher interest rates likely will reduce the Company s earnings from such activities and the income from the sale of residential mortgage loans in the secondary market. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 See also Management s discussion and analysis Interest Rate Sensitivity. 
 Market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, and other relevant market rates or prices. 
 Interest rate risk, defined as the exposure of net interest income and Economic Value of Equity EVE to adverse movements in interest rates, is the Company s primary market risk, and mainly arises from the structure of the balance sheet (non-trading activities). The Company is also exposed to market risk in its investing activities. The ALCO meets regularly and is responsible for reviewing the interest rate sensitivity position of the Company and establishing policies to monitor and limit exposure to interest rate risk. The policies established by the ALCO are reviewed and approved by the Company s board of directors. The primary goal of interest rate risk management is to control exposure to interest rate risk, within policy limits approved by the board of directors. These limits reflect the Company s tolerance for interest rate risk over short-term and long-term horizons. 
 The Company also performs valuation analyses, which are used for evaluating levels of risk present in the balance sheet that might not be taken into account in the net interest income simulation analyses. Whereas net interest income simulation highlights exposures over a relatively short time horizon, valuation analysis incorporates all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet positions. The valuation of the balance sheet, at a point in time, is defined as the discounted present value of asset cash flows minus the discounted value of liability cash flows, the net result of which is the EVE. The sensitivity of EVE to changes in the level of interest rates is a measure of the longer-term re-pricing risks and options risks embedded in the balance sheet. In contrast to the net interest income simulation, which assumes interest rates will change over a period of time, EVE uses instantaneous changes in rates. 
 EVE values only the current balance sheet, and does not incorporate the growth assumptions that are used in the net interest income simulation model. As with the net interest income simulation model, assumptions about the timing and variability of balance sheet cash flows are critical in the EVE analysis. Particularly important are the assumptions driving prepayments and the expected changes in balances and pricing of the indeterminate life deposit portfolios. Core deposits are a more significant funding source for the Company, making the lives attached to core deposits more important to the accuracy of our modeling of EVE. The Company periodically reassesses its assumptions regarding the indeterminate lives of core deposits utilizing an independent third-party resource to assist. 
 The following table presents the projected impact of a change in interest rates on the balance sheet. This change in interest rates assumes parallel shifts in the yield curve and does not take into account changes in the slope of the yield curve. 
 Change in Interest Rates Change in Economic Value of Equity +2.00 (14.3) +1.00 (6.6) Current -1.00 5.9 -2.00 8.3 
 While an instantaneous and severe shift in interest rates is used in this analysis, a gradual shift in interest rates would have a much more modest impact. Since EVE measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the estimated lives of instruments, the change in EVE does not directly correlate to the degree that earnings would be impacted over a shorter time horizon, i.e., the next fiscal year. Further, EVE does not consider factors such as future balance sheet growth, changes in product mix, change in yield curve relationships, and changing product spreads that could mitigate the adverse impact of changes in interest rates. 

55 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 The Company s management, with the participation of its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024 and concluded that those disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company and its subsidiaries, because of the nature of their business, are at all times subject to numerous legal actions, threatened or filed. Management presently believes that none of the legal proceedings to which it is a party are likely to have a materially adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, or operating results or cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and prospective results. The risks described in this report, in our Form 10-K or our other SEC filings are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. There have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock as indicated in the following table: 
 Period Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 1 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Public Announced Plan Maximum Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plan (in thousands) 7/1/24 to 7/31/24 4,888 23.40 99,120 8/1/24 to 8/31/24 99,120 9/1/24 to 9/30/24 99,120 Total - 3rd Quarter 4,888 23.40 99,120 1 Includes shares that were repurchased to pay for the exercise of stock options or for income taxes owed on vesting shares of restricted stock. These shares were not purchased under the Company s stock repurchase plan to repurchase shares. 
 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the renewal of the Company s share repurchase program, under which the Company may, from time to time, purchase up to 100 million of its shares of outstanding common stock. Under the share repurchase program, which will expire on December 31, 2024, repurchases will be made, if at all, in accordance with applicable securities laws and may be made from time to time in the open market, by block purchase or by negotiated transactions. The amount and timing of repurchases, if any, will be based on a variety of factors, including share acquisition price, regulatory limitations, market conditions and other factors. The program does not obligate the Company to purchase any of its shares, and may be terminated or amended by the Board of Directors at any time prior to its expiration date. 
 No shares of the Company s common stock were repurchased under the program during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Trading arrangements 
 There were no Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements , modified or by any director or officer of the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 3.1.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 10, 2006. 
 Exhibit 3.1.2 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed December 23, 2008. 
 Exhibit 3.1.3 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form S-1, filed June 22, 2009. 
 Exhibit 3.1.4 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed July 20, 2009. 
 Exhibit 3.1.5 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed December 3, 2009. 
 Exhibit 3.1.6 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K/A, filed July 14, 2010. 
 Exhibit 3.1.7 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed June 25, 2010. 
 Exhibit 3.1.8 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed June 1, 2011. 
 Exhibit 3.1.9 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed December 13, 2013. 
 Exhibit 3.1.10 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8K, filed May 30, 2018. 
 Exhibit 3.1.11 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8K, filed May 23, 2023. 
 Exhibit 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company Incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed October 26, 2020. 

57 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 32.1 Statement of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 32.2 Statement of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 101 The following materials from Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 Exhibit 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA 
 
 November 6, 2024 /s/ Charles M. Shaffer Charles M. Shaffer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 November 6, 2024 /s/ Tracey L. Dexter Tracey L. Dexter Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sbcf3q09302024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Charles M. Shaffer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 s Charles M. Shaffer Charles M. Shaffer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sbcf3q09302024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Tracey L. Dexter, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 s Tracey L. Dexter Tracey L. Dexter Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sbcf3q09302024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF 
 SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 Report ), I, Charles M. Shaffer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Charles M. Shaffer Charles M. Shaffer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sbcf3q09302024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 STATEMENT OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF 
 SEACOAST BANKING CORPORATION OF FLORIDA 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 Report ), I, Tracey L. Dexter, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Tracey L. Dexter Tracey L. Dexter Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sbcf-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sbcf-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sbcf-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sbcf-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sbcf-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

