<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_25232_0000025232-24-000057.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8989641</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106124</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1341320</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3432040</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1947691</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1957988</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000025232-24-000057.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024161700
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000025232-24-000057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COUSINS PROPERTIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000025232
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				580869052
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11312
		FILM NUMBER:		241392871

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3344 PEACHTREE ROAD, NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1800
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30326
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-407-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3344 PEACHTREE ROAD, NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1800
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30326

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000025232-24-000057.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 cuz-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cuz-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 ORPORATED 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered ("NYSE") 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 18, 2024 Common Stock, 1 par value per share shares 

Page No. PART I-FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 3 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 4 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 5 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 6 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 8 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 32 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 33 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 34 
 SIGNATURES 
 35 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain matters contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and are subject to uncertainties and risks, as itemized in Item 1A included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, and as itemized herein. These forward-looking statements include information about the Company's possible or assumed future results of the business and the Company's financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, and objectives. They also include, among other things, statements regarding subjects that are forward-looking by their nature, such as: 
 guidance and underlying assumptions; 
 business and financial strategy; 
 future debt financings; 
 future acquisitions and dispositions of operating assets or joint venture interests; 
 future acquisitions and dispositions of land, including ground leases; 
 future acquisitions of investments in real estate debt; 
 future development and redevelopment opportunities; 
 future issuances and repurchases of common stock, limited partnership units, or preferred stock; 
 future distributions; 
 projected capital expenditures; 
 market and industry trends; 
 future occupancy or volume and velocity of leasing activity; 
 entry into new markets, changes in existing market concentrations, or exits from existing markets; 
 future changes in interest rates and liquidity of capital markets; and 
 all statements that address operating performance, events, investments, or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future including statements relating to creating value for stockholders. 
 Any forward-looking statements are based upon management's beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of our future performance, taking into account information that is currently available. These beliefs, assumptions, and expectations may change as a result of possible events or factors, not all of which are known. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary from forward-looking statements due to, but not limited to, the following: 
 the availability and terms of capital; 
 the ability to refinance or repay indebtedness as it matures; 
 any changes to our credit rating; 
 the failure of purchase, sale, or other contracts to ultimately close; 
 the failure to achieve anticipated benefits from acquisitions, developments, investments, or dispositions; 
 the effect of common stock or operating partnership unit issuances, including those undertaken on a forward basis; 
 the availability of buyers and pricing with respect to the disposition of assets; 
 changes in national and local economic conditions, the real estate industry, and the commercial real estate markets in which we operate (including supply and demand changes), particularly in Atlanta, Austin, Tampa, Charlotte, Phoenix, Dallas, and Nashville, including the impact of high unemployment, volatility in the public equity and debt markets, and international economic and other conditions; 
 threatened terrorist attacks or sociopolitical unrest such as political instability, civil unrest, armed hostilities, or political activism, which may result in a disruption of day-to-day building operations; 
 changes to our strategy in regard to our real estate assets may require impairment to be recognized; 
 leasing risks, including the ability to obtain new tenants or renew expiring tenants, the ability to lease newly-developed and/or recently acquired space, the failure of a tenant to commence or complete tenant improvements on schedule or to occupy leased space, and the risk of declining leasing rates; 
 changes in the preferences of our tenants brought about by the desire for co-working arrangements, trends toward utilizing less office space per employee, and the effect of employees working remotely; 
 any adverse change in the financial condition or liquidity of one or more of our tenants or borrowers under our real estate debt investments; 
 volatility in interest rates (including the impact upon the effectiveness of forward interest rate contract arrangements) and insurance rates; 
 inflation; 
 competition from other developers or investors; 
 the risks associated with real estate developments (such as zoning approval, receipt of required permits, construction delays, cost overruns, and leasing risk); 
 1 

supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, and increased construction costs; 
 risks associated with security breaches through cyberattacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems, which support our operations and our buildings; 
 changes in senior management, changes in the Board of Directors, and the loss of key personnel; 
 the potential liability for uninsured losses, condemnation, or environmental issues; 
 the potential liability for a failure to meet regulatory requirements, including the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar laws or the impact of any investigation regarding the same; 
 the financial condition and liquidity of, or disputes with, joint venture partners; 
 any failure to comply with debt covenants under credit agreements; 
 any failure to continue to qualify for taxation as a real estate investment trust or meet regulatory requirements; 
 potential changes to state, local, or federal regulations applicable to our business; 
 material changes in dividend rates on common shares or other securities or the ability to pay those dividends; 
 potential changes to the tax laws impacting REITs and real estate in general; 
 risks associated with climate change and severe weather events, as well as the regulatory efforts intended to reduce the effects of climate changes and investor and public perception of our efforts to respond to the same; 
 the impact of newly adopted accounting principles on our accounting policies and on period-to-period comparisons of financial results; 
 risks associated with possible federal, state, local, or property tax audits; and 
 those additional risks and environmental or other factors discussed in reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") by the Company. 
 The risks set forth above are not exhaustive. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , including Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, including Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, include additional factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the potential impact of all risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factors, or any combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. The words believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, plans, may, intend, will, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such plans, intentions, or expectations will be achieved. Given the uncertainties and risks discussed herein, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Investors should also refer to our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for future periods, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K as we file such reports with the SEC, and to other materials we may file with or furnish to the SEC, for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of future events, new information, or otherwise, except as required under U.S. federal securities laws. 
 2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

COUSINS PROPERTIES INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) Assets: Real estate assets: Operating properties, net of accumulated depreciation of a nd in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Projects under development Land Cash and cash equivalents Investments in real estate debt, at fair value Accounts receivable Deferred rents receivable Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures Intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities: Notes payable Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred income Intangible liabilities, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value per share, shares authorized, a nd issued, and and outstanding in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock at cost, shares in 2023 
 ) Distributions in excess of cumulative net income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders' investment Nonredeemable noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes. 
 3 

COUSINS PROPERTIES INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited; in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental property revenues Fee income Other Expenses: Rental property operating expenses Reimbursed expenses General and administrative expenses Interest expense Depreciation and amortization Other Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Gain on investment property transactions Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income available to common stockholders 
 Net income per common share basic and diluted Weighted average shares basic Weighted average shares diluted See accompanying notes. 

4 

COUSINS PROPERTIES INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (unaudited; in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Comprehensive Income: Net income available to common stockholders Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges ) Amortization of cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income See accompanying notes. 
 5 

COUSINS PROPERTIES INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (unaudited; in thousands except per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Stockholders' Investment Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Stockholders Investment Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Amortization of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 

6 

COUSINS PROPERTIES INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (unaudited; in thousands except per share amounts) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Stockholders Investment Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Common stock issued pursuant to stock-based compensation, net of tax withholding ) ) ) Amortization of stock options, restricted stock, and restricted stock units, net of forfeitures ) Retirement of Treasury Stock ) ) Contributions from nonredeemable noncontrolling interests Distributions to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Stockholders Investment Nonredeemable Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common stock issued pursuant to stock-based compensation, net of tax withholding ) ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures ) Contributions from nonredeemable noncontrolling interests 
 Distributions to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) See accompanying notes. 

7 

COUSINS PROPERTIES INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited; in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Gain on investment property transactions ) ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and discount on notes payable Equity-classified stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Effect of non-cash adjustments to rental revenues ) ) Loss (income) from unconsolidated joint ventures ) Operating distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures Changes in other operating assets and liabilities: Change in receivables and other assets, net ) ) Change in operating liabilities, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from investment property sales, net ) Property acquisition, development, and tenant asset expenditures ) ) Investments in real estate debt ) Return of capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures Contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from credit facility Repayment of credit facility ) ) Repayment of term loans ) Repayment of mortgages ) ) Bond issuance, net of original discount Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Repurchase of shares withheld for taxes on restricted stock vestings ) Common dividends paid ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 
 See accompanying notes. 
 8 

COUSINS PROPERTIES INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 of CPLP and consolidates CPLP. CPLP wholly owns Cousins TRS Services LLC ("CTRS"), a taxable entity which owns and manages its own real estate portfolio and performs certain real estate-related services. 
 Cousins, CPLP, CTRS, and their subsidiaries (collectively, the Company develop, acquire, lease, manage, and own primarily Class A office properties and opportunistic mixed-use developments in the Sun Belt markets of the United States with a focus on Atlanta, Austin, Tampa, Phoenix, Charlotte, Dallas, and Nashville. Cousins has elected to be taxed as a REIT and intends to, among other things, distribute at least of its net taxable income to stockholders, thereby eliminating any liability for federal income taxes under current law. Therefore, the results included herein do not include a federal income tax provision for Cousins. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's operating portfolio of real estate assets consisted of interests in million square feet of office space and square feet of multi-family and other space. 
 The Company had no investments or interests in any VIEs as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 2. 
 acre land parcel in Atlanta for a gross sales price of million and recorded a gain of . 
 Impairment 
 The Company tests buildings held for investment, by asset groups, for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate an asset group s carrying value may not be recoverable. The test is conducted using undiscounted cash flows for the shorter of the building s estimated hold period or its remaining useful life. When testing for recoverability of value of buildings held for investment, projected cash flows are used over its expected hold period. If the expected hold period includes some likelihood of shorter-term hold period from a potential sale, the probability of a sale is layered into the analysis. If any building's held-for-investment analysis were to fail the impairment test, its book value would be written down to its then current estimated fair value, before any selling expense, and that building would continue to depreciate over its remaining useful life. None of the Company s held-for-investment buildings were impaired during any periods presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 The Company also reviews held-for-sale buildings, if any, for impairments. In order to be considered a real estate asset held-for-sale, the Company must, among other things, have the authority to commit to a plan to sell the asset in its current condition, have commenced the plan to sell the asset, and have determined that it is probable that the asset will sell within one year. If book value is in excess of estimated fair value less estimated selling costs, we impair those assets to fair value less estimated selling costs. There were no held-for-sale buildings as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 or during any periods presented in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 9 

3. 
 mezzanine real estate loans for million, which are subordinated to the first priority mortgage loans. The borrowers have additional borrowing capacity under these loans, for which the Company funded million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company's unfunded share of additional borrowing capacity is million as of September 30, 2024. 
 February 2026 Radius - Pledge of equity interests 
 Nashville, TN, Office Building 
 June 2025 
 
 The first priority mortgage loans had a balance of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 The above rates reflect a weighted spread in excess of Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as of September 30, 2024) of . The Company did have any investment in real estate debt as of December 31, 2023. Each loan provides the borrower with an opportunity to extend the maturity date, subject to certain conditions. The extended maturity dates are February 2027 on the 110 East loan and June 2026 on the Radius loan. 
 Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, on October 1, 2024, the Company acquired a mortgage loan, secured by the Saint Ann Court office building, at par for million. The mortgage loan has an initial maturity date of December 7, 2024 and an interest rate of SOFR plus . Saint Ann Court, built in 2009, is square feet and located in Uptown Dallas, Texas. Consistent with the Company's existing investments in real estate debt, the Company has elected the fair value option in accounting for this mortgage loan. This acquisition was funded with cash on hand and an October 1, 2024 draw on our Credit Facility of million. 
 The Company has elected the fair value option in accounting for its investments in real estate debt. As such, any unrealized gain or loss associated with holding these investments at fair value will be recorded as a component of income from investments in real estate debt on the Company's consolidated statement of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company believes the fair value of the investments in real estate debt approximates its invested carrying value and, therefore, did not record any unrealized gain or loss on its investments in real estate debt based on these recent executed market transactions (Level 2). In subsequent periods, the Company may make adjustments to the carrying values of these loan investments if any are required through application of the fair value hierarchy provided for under GAAP. Acquisition costs associated with these loans are expensed as incurred. 
 
 10 

4. 
 Crawford Long - CPI, LLC (1) ) ) ) (2) ) (2) Neuhoff Holdings LLC (3) TL CO Proscenium JV, LLC Land: 715 Ponce Holdings LLC 
 
 (1) Crawford Long - CPI, LLC has a mortgage loan for the Medical Offices at Emory Hospital property. This million interest-only mortgage loan has a fixed interest rate of and matures on June 1, 2032. 
 (2) Negative investment basis included in deferred income on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) The Neuhoff Holdings LLC properties have commenced initial operations but are not yet stabilized. The joint venture has a construction loan with a borrowing capacity up to million, of which the Company's share is million, that matures on September 30, 2025. The interest rate applicable to the construction loan is based on SOFR plus with a minimum rate of . The joint venture has option, subject to certain conditions, to extend the maturity date for an additional months from the initial maturity date. 
 
 The information included in the summary of operations table is for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands). 
 SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS Total Revenues Net Income (Loss) Company's Income (Loss) from Investment 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Properties: AMCO 120 WT Holdings, LLC Crawford Long - CPI, LLC Neuhoff Holdings LLC (1) ) ) TL CO Proscenium JV, LLC ) ) Land: 715 Ponce Holdings LLC Sold: Other ) ) 

In August 2024, the Company entered into a joint venture as a partner, forming TL CO Proscenium JV, LLC ("Proscenium"). With the partner, the Proscenium joint venture was formed to own and operate an office property in Midtown Atlanta, Georgia. In August 2024, concurrently with its formation, the venture acquired the square foot office property for a gross purchase price of million, of which the Company funded million. 
 The Company recognizes development, leasing, and management fees, including salary and expense reimbursements, from unconsolidated joint ventures. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized and of management fees, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized and of management fees, respectively. 
 11 

5. 
 
 and 
 in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Below-market ground leases, net of accumulated amortization of and 
 in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Above-market leases, net of accumulated amortization of and 
 in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Goodwill 

and in 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Expenses: Depreciation and amortization (In-place leases) Rental property operating and other expenses (Below-market ground leases) 
 
 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) Thereafter ) ) 

12 

6. 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Lease inducements, net of accumulated amortization of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment and other deferred costs, net of accumulated depreciation of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Credit Facility deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 
 Predevelopment costs represent amounts that are capitalized related to predevelopment projects on land owned by the Company that has been determined to be probable of future development. 
 Lease inducements are incentives paid to tenants in conjunction with leasing space, such as moving costs, sublease arrangements of prior space, and other costs. These amounts are amortized as a reduction of rental revenues over the individual underlying lease terms. 
 
 7. 
 April 2027 Public Senior Notes October 2034 Term Loan March 2025 Privately Placed Senior Note July 2029 Term Loan February 2025 Privately Placed Senior Note July 2025 Privately Placed Senior Note July 2028 Privately Placed Senior Note July 2027 Privately Placed Senior Note July 2027 Secured Mortgage Notes: Terminus (3) January 2031 Fifth Third Center October 2026 Colorado Tower September 2026 Domain 10 November 2024 Unamortized original issue discount ) Unamortized loan costs ) ) Total Notes Payable 
 (1) Interest rate as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Weighted average maturity of notes payable outstanding at September 30, 2024 was years. Unexercised extension options are not included. 
 million and million non-cross-collateralized mortgages secured by the Terminus 100 and Terminus 200 buildings, respectively. 
 13 

billion if certain conditions are satisfied. The Credit Facility contains financial covenants that require, among other things, the maintenance of unencumbered interest coverage ratio of at least x; a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least x; a secured leverage ratio of no more than ; and an overall leverage ratio of no more than . The Credit Facility matures on April 30, 2027. 
 The interest rate applicable to the Credit Facility varies according to the Company's credit rating and leverage ratio and may, at the election of the Company, be determined based on either (1) the Daily SOFR or Term SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of ("Adjusted SOFR") and a spread of between and , or (2) the greater of (i) Bank of America's prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus , (iii) Term SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of , and , or (iv) , plus a spread of between and , based on leverage. In addition to the interest rate, the Credit Facility is also subject to a facility fee of to , depending on the Company's credit rating and leverage ratio, on the entire billion capacity. 
 In April 2024, the Company notified the administrative agent of the Credit Facility of the Company's receipt of corporate investment grade ratings. These ratings reduced the Credit Facility's Adjusted SOFR spread and facility fee range effective April 17, 2024. Changes in the Company's investment grade ratings may result in additional adjustments to the applicable spread and facility fee. Prior to April 17, 2024, the applicable spread was between and and the facility fee range was to , depending on leverage. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Credit Facility's interest rate spread over Adjusted SOFR was , and the facility fee spread was . The amount that the Company may draw under the Credit Facility is a defined calculation based on the Company's unencumbered assets and other factors. The total available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility was billion at September 30, 2024. Any amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility may be accelerated upon the occurrence of any events of default. 
 Term Loans 
 On October 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement (the "2022 Term Loan") and borrowed the full million available under the loan. The loan matures on March 3, 2025 with consecutive options to extend the maturity date for an additional each. Under the 2022 Term Loan the interest rate applicable varies according to the Company's credit rating and leverage ratio and may, at the election of the Company, be determined based on either (1) the Daily SOFR or Term SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of ("Adjusted SOFR") and a spread of between and , or (2) the greater of (i) Bank of America's prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus , (iii) Term SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of , and , (iv) or , plus a spread of between and , based on leverage. The covenants under the 2022 Term Loan are the same as the Credit Facility. At September 30, 2024, the spread over the underlying SOFR rates was for the 2022 Term Loan. 
 On April 19, 2023, the Company entered into a floating-to-fixed rate swap with respect to million of the million 2022 Term Loan through the initial maturity date of March 3, 2025. This swap fixed the underlying SOFR rate at . On January 26, 2024, the Company entered into a floating-to-fixed rate swap with respect to remaining million of the million 2022 Term Loan through the initial maturity date of March 3, 2025. This swap fixed the underlying SOFR rate at (see note 8). These two swaps fix the underlying SOFR rate for the full million at a weighted average of . 
 On June 28, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement (the "2021 Term Loan") that amended the former term loan agreement. Under the 2021 Term Loan, the Company has borrowed million with an initial maturity of August 30, 2024 with consecutive options to extend the maturity date for an additional days each. In August 2024, the Company paid down million of the million outstanding and exercised the first of our day extension options, extending the maturity date on the remaining million to February 26, 2025. On September 19, 2022, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the 2021 Term Loan. This amendment aligns covenants and available interest rates, including the addition of SOFR, to that of the Credit Facility. Under the terms of this First Amendment the interest rate applicable to the 2021 Term Loan varies according to the Company's credit rating and leverage ratio and may, at the election of the Company, be determined based on either (1) the Daily SOFR or Term SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of ("Adjusted SOFR") and a spread of between and , or (2) the greater of (i) Bank of America's prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus , (iii) Term SOFR, plus a SOFR adjustment of , and , (iv) or , plus a spread of between and , based on leverage. At September 30, 2024, the spread over the underlying SOFR rates was for the 2021 Term Loan. 
 On September 27, 2022, the Company entered into a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap with respect to the million 2021 Term Loan through the maturity date of August 30, 2024. This swap effectively fixed the underlying SOFR rate at (see note 8). This Swap matured, and the loan has reverted to the underlying variable SOFR rate. 
 14 

and for both the 2022 Term Loan and 2021 Term Loan, depending on leverage. 
 Unsecured Senior Notes 
 In August 2024, CPLP issued million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes (the "Public Senior Notes"), which mature on October 1, 2034. Upon issuance of the Public Senior Notes, CPLP received net proceeds of million dollars after an original issue discount of million. The effective interest rate is . The Public Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The proceeds were used to repay million outstanding on the Credit Facility and repay million of the million outstanding on the 2021 Term Loan. The Company holds the remaining funds in an interest-bearing cash account as of September 30, 2024 for general corporate purposes. The Public Senior Notes mature on October 1, 2034. 
 The Public Senior Notes are subject to certain typical covenants that, subject to certain exceptions, include (a) a limitation on the ability of the Company and CPLP to, among other things, incur additional secured and unsecured indebtedness; (b) a limitation on the ability of the Company and CPLP to merge, consolidate, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of their properties and assets substantially as an entirety; and (c) a requirement that the Company maintain a pool of unencumbered assets. To avoid any such limitations, these covenants require, among other things, maintaining the following financial metrics as defined in the agreement: unencumbered debt ratio of at least ; an EBITDA to debt service ratio of at least x; a secured leverage ratio of no more than ; and an overall leverage ratio of no more than . 
 The Company also has privately placed unsecured senior notes of billion that were funded in tranches. The first tranche of million is due in 2027 and has a fixed annual interest rate of . The second tranche of million is due in 2025 and has a fixed annual interest rate of . The third tranche of million is due in 2027 and has a fixed annual interest rate of . The fourth tranche of million is due in 2028 and has a fixed annual interest rate of . The fifth tranche of million is due in 2029 and has a fixed annual interest rate of . 
 The unsecured privately placed senior notes contain financial covenants that are same as with those of our Credit Facility, with the exception of a secured leverage ratio of no more than . The senior notes also contain customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, as well as customary events of default. 
 Secured Mortgage Notes 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million outstanding on non-recourse mortgage notes with a weighted average interest rate of . All interest rates on the secured mortgage notes are fixed. Assets with depreciated carrying values of million are pledged as security on these mortgage notes payable. For each non-recourse mortgage loan, the Company provides a customary "non-recourse carve-out guaranty." Additional guarantees related to re-leasing costs may also apply. 
 Other Debt Information 
 The Company is in compliance with all covenants related to its unsecured and secured debt. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the Company s notes payable was billion and billion, respectively, calculated by discounting the debt's remaining contractual cash flows at estimated current market rates at which similar loans could have been obtained at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The estimate of the current market rates, which is the most significant input in the discounted cash flow calculation, is intended to replicate debt of similar maturity and loan-to-value relationship. These fair value calculations are considered to be Level 2 under the guidelines as set forth in ASC 820, as the Company utilizes market rates for similar type loans from third party brokers. 
 Interest capitalized ) ) ) ) Total interest expense 

15 

8. 
 million of the million 2022 Term Loan through the initial loan maturity date of March 3, 2025, fixing the underlying SOFR rate for this portion of the loan at . On January 26, 2024, the Company entered into a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap ("2024 Swap") with respect to the remaining million of the million 2022 Term Loan through the maturity date of March 3, 2025, fixing the underlying SOFR rate for this portion of the loan at . These swaps effectively fix the underlying SOFR rate at a weighted average of for the entire million through the initial maturity. As of September 30, 2024, the fair values of the 2023 Swap and 2024 Swap on the 2022 Term Loan resulted in a asset and a liability, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the 2023 Swap on the 2022 Term Loan resulted in a asset. These assets and liabilities are included in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 On September 27, 2022, the Company entered into a floating-to-fixed interest rate swap ("2022 Swap") with respect to the million 2021 Term Loan through the initial loan maturity date of August 30, 2024. This swap effectively fixed the underlying SOFR rate at . The 2022 Swap expired upon its August 30, 2024 maturity and there were no amounts recorded on the Company's balance sheet related to this swap as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value this swap on the 2021 Term Loan resulted in a million asset and is included in other assets on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company's objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish these objectives, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Such derivatives are used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with the 2021 and 2022 Term Loans (referred to as "cash flow hedges"). 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. 
 The counterparties under these swaps are major financial institutions, and the swaps contain provisions whereby if the Company defaults on certain of its indebtedness, and such default results in repayment of such indebtedness being, or becoming capable of being, accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default under the swaps. There are no collateral requirements related to these swaps.) Amount of income reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income as a reduction of interest expense ) ) ) ) Total amount of interest expense presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations 
 The Company estimates that will be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income as an increase of interest expense related to the 2023 and 2024 Swaps through their maturity on March 3, 2025. 

16 

9. 
 Prepaid rent Security deposits Other liabilities 
 
 10. 
 at September 30, 2024. As a lessor, the Company had million in future obligations under leases to fund tenant improvements and other future construction obligations at September 30, 2024. Additionally, the Company had million of future funding commitments related to investments in real estate debt at September 30, 2024 as discussed in note 3. 
 Litigation 
 The Company is subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, some of which are expected to be covered by liability insurance. Management makes assumptions and estimates concerning the likelihood and amount of any potential loss relating to these matters using the latest information available. The Company records a liability for litigation if an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. If an unfavorable outcome is probable and a reasonable estimate of the loss is a range, the Company accrues the best estimate within the range. If no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the Company accrues the minimum amount within the range. If an unfavorable outcome is probable but the amount of the loss cannot be reasonably estimated, the Company discloses the nature of the litigation and indicates that an estimate of the loss or range of loss cannot be made. If an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and the estimated loss is material, the Company discloses the nature and estimate of the possible loss of the litigation. The Company does not disclose information with respect to litigation where an unfavorable outcome is considered to be remote or where the estimated loss would not be material. Based on current expectations, such matters, both individually and in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, results of operations, business, or financial condition of the Company. 
 
 11. 
 financial institutions known as an at-the-market stock offering program ("ATM Program"), under which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock from time to time in "at-the-market" offerings with an aggregate gross sales price of up to million. In connection with the ATM Program, Cousins may, at its discretion, enter into forward equity sale agreements. The use of a forward equity sale agreement ("Forward Sales") would allow the Company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares of its common stock at the time the agreement is executed but defer receiving the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date, allowing the Company to better align such funding with its capital needs. Sales of shares of Cousins' stock through its banking relationships, if any, are made in amounts and at times to be determined by Cousins from time to time, but the Company has no obligation to sell any of the shares in the offering and may suspend sales in connection with the offering at any time. Sales of Cousins' common stock under Forward Sales, if undertaken, meet the derivatives and hedging guidance scope exception as the contracts are related to the Company's own stock. On May 8, 2024, the Company filed a Form S-3 and, in conjunction with that Form S-3 filing, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the EDA to allow for the continued issuance of shares under this ATM Program. 
 To date, the Company has issued million shares for a gross sales price of million under the ATM Program which generated cash proceeds of million, net of million of compensation to be paid with respect to Forward Sales, million of dividends owed during the period the Forward Sales were outstanding, and of other transaction related costs. The Company did not issue any shares under the ATM Program during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 and did not have any outstanding Forward Sales contracts for the sale of its common stock as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 On February 6, 2024, the Company retired all shares of Treasury Stock outstanding. These treasury shares had an average cost basis of per share. 
 17 

12. 
 million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, represented variable rental revenue. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized rental property revenues of million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, represented variable rental revenue. 
 million and million, respectively and million, respectively. 

13. 
 
 Market-based RSUs Performance-based RSUs Director grants Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total equity-classified award expense, net of forfeitures Liability-classified awards Time-vested RSUs Total liability-classified award expense, net of forfeitures Total stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures 

18 

types of equity-classified awards to key employees under the 2019 Plan: (1) RSUs based on the Total Stockholder Return ("TSR") of the Company, as defined in the award documents, relative to that of office peers included in the Nareit Office Index (the "Market-based RSUs"), (2) RSUs based on the ratio of cumulative funds from operations per share to targeted cumulative funds from operations per share (the Performance-based RSUs ), and (3) restricted stock. 
 The RSU awards are equity-classified awards to be settled in common stock with issuance dependent upon the attainment of required service, market, and performance criteria. For the Market-based RSUs the Company expenses an estimate of the fair value of the awards on the grant date, calculated using a Monte Carlo valuation at grant date, ratably over the vesting period, adjusting only for forfeitures when they occur. The expense of these Market-based RSUs is not adjusted for the number of awards that actually vest. For the Performance-based RSUs, the Company expenses the awards over the vesting period using the fair market value of the Company's stock on the grant date. The expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period and adjusted each quarter based on the number of shares expected to vest and for forfeitures when they occur. The performance period for the Performance-based RSUs and TSR measurement period for the Market-based RSUs awarded is starting on January 1 of the year of issuance and ending on December 31. The ultimate settlement of these awards can range from percent to of the targeted number of units depending on the achievement of the market and performance metrics described above. 
 The restricted stock vests ratably over from the grant date. The Company records restricted stock in common stock and additional paid-in capital at fair value on the grant date, with the offsetting deferred compensation also recorded in additional paid-in capital. The Company records compensation expense over the vesting period. 
 Performance-based RSUs Restricted stock 
 Risk-free rate (2) Stock beta (3) 
 (1) Based on historical volatility over three years using daily stock price. 
 (2) Reflects the yield on three-year Treasury bonds. 
 (3) Betas are calculated with up to three years of daily stock price data. 

19 

14. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in 
 CPLP from continuing operations 
 ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to other noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average common shares - basic Net income per common share - basic Earnings per common share - diluted: Numerator: Net income Net income attributable to other noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income available for common stockholders before allocation of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in CPLP Denominator: Weighted average common shares - basic Add: Potential dilutive common shares - ESPP Potential dilutive common shares - restricted stock units, 
 less shares assumed purchased at market price 
 Weighted average units of CPLP convertible into 
 common shares 
 Weighted average common shares - diluted Net income per common share - diluted 

20 

15. 
 Income taxes paid Non-Cash Activity: Retirement of treasury stock Tenant improvements funded by tenants Common stock dividends declared and accrued Accrued capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 16. 
 
 21 

Austin Charlotte Dallas Phoenix Tampa Other markets Total segment revenues Less: Company's share of rental property revenues from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) ) Total rental property revenues 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Office Non-Office Total Revenues: Atlanta Austin Charlotte Dallas Phoenix Tampa Other markets Total segment revenues Less: Company's share of rental property revenues from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) ) Total rental property revenues 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Office Non-Office Total Revenues: Atlanta Austin Charlotte Dallas Phoenix Tampa Other markets Total segment revenues Less: Company's share of rental property revenues from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) ) Total rental property revenues 
 
 22 

Austin Charlotte Dallas Phoenix Tampa Other markets Total segment revenues Less: Company's share of rental property revenues from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) ) Total rental property revenues 
 
 Austin Charlotte Dallas Phoenix Tampa Other markets ) Total Net Operating Income 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Office Non-Office Total Net Operating Income: Atlanta Austin Charlotte Dallas Phoenix Tampa Other markets Total Net Operating Income 
 23 

Austin Charlotte Dallas Phoenix Tampa Other markets ) Total Net Operating Income 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Office Non-Office Total Net Operating Income: Atlanta Austin Charlotte Dallas Phoenix Tampa Other markets Total Net Operating Income 
 
 The following reconciles Net Operating Income from net income for each of the periods presented in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Fee income ) ) ) ) Termination fee income ) ) ) ) Other income ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses Interest expense Depreciation and amortization Reimbursed expenses Other expenses Loss (income) from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Net operating income from unconsolidated joint ventures Gain on investment property transactions ) ) ) Net Operating Income 

24 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Overview of 2024 Performance and Company and Industry Trends 
 Cousins Properties Incorporated ("Cousins") (and collectively, with its subsidiaries, the "Company," "we," "our," or "us") is a publicly traded (NYSE: CUZ), self-administered, and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT. Cousins conducts substantially all of its business through Cousins Properties LP ("CPLP"). Cousins owns in excess of 99 of CPLP and consolidates CPLP. CPLP owns Cousins TRS Services LLC, a taxable entity that owns and manages its own real estate portfolio and performs certain real estate related services. Our strategy is to create value for our stockholders through ownership of the premier urban office portfolio in the Sun Belt markets, with a particular focus on Atlanta, Austin, Phoenix, Tampa, Charlotte, Dallas, and Nashville. This strategy is based on a disciplined approach to capital allocation that includes opportunistic acquisitions, selective developments, and timely dispositions of non-core assets with a goal of maintaining a portfolio of newer and more efficient properties with lower capital expenditure requirements. This strategy is also based on a simple, flexible, and low-leveraged balance sheet that allows us to pursue compelling growth opportunities at the most advantageous points in the cycle. To implement this strategy, we leverage our strong local operating platforms within each of our major markets. 
 In the quarter, we leased or renewed 763,000 square feet of office space, including 611,000 of new and expansion leases representing 80 of the total leasing activity. Straight-line net rent per square foot increased 30.7 for those office spaces that were under lease within the past year. Same property net operating income (defined below) for consolidated properties and our share of unconsolidated properties increased 4.2 between the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 we have leased or renewed 1,557,000 square feet of office space, including 1,137,000 of new and expansion leases representing 73 of the total leasing activity. Straight-line net rent per square foot increased by 29.9 for those office spaces that were under lease within the past year. Same property net operating income for consolidated properties and our share of unconsolidated properties increased 5.0 between the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 We believe the Sun Belt, and in particular the seven Sun Belt markets in which we primarily operate, will continue to outperform the broader office sector evidenced by a clear bifurcation between Sun Belt and Gateway market fundamentals. In addition, as the flight to quality trend accelerates among office users, we believe our trophy portfolio is well positioned to benefit from, and ultimately outperform in, the current office real estate environment. 
 
 Results of Operations For The Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 General 
 Net income available to common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 11.2 million and 32.3 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the net income available to common stockholders was 19.4 million and 64.2 million, respectively. We detail below material changes in the components of net income available to common stockholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Rental Property Revenue, Rental Property Operating Expenses, and Net Operating Income 
 The following results include the performance of our Same Property portfolio. Our Same Property portfolio includes office properties that were stabilized and owned by us for the entirety of each comparable reporting period presented. Same Property amounts for the 2024 versus 2023 comparison are from properties that were stabilized and owned as of January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024. 
 Net Operating Income 
 
 Company management evaluates the performance of its property portfolio, in part, based on Net Operating Income ("NOI"). NOI represents rental property revenues, less termination fees, less rental property operating expenses. NOI is not a measure of cash flows or operating results as measured by GAAP, is not indicative of cash available to fund cash needs, and should not be considered an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. All companies may not calculate NOI in the same manner. We consider NOI to be an appropriate supplemental measure to net income as it helps both management and investors understand the core operations of our operating assets. NOI excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, impairments, gains/losses on sales of real estate, and other non-operating items. As a result, we use only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level to evaluate a property's performance. Same Property NOI allows analysts, investors, and management to analyze continuing operations and evaluate the growth trend of our portfolio. 

25 

The following table reconciles NOI for consolidated properties from net income for each of the periods presented in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income 11,356 19,491 32,768 64,924 Fee income (495) (318) (1,280) (1,044) Termination fee income (895) (271) (2,451) (6,977) Other income (1,457) (101) (2,599) (2,393) General and administrative expenses 9,204 8,336 27,325 24,795 Interest expense 30,773 27,008 89,424 78,010 Depreciation and amortization 89,784 79,492 271,429 235,531 Reimbursed expenses 188 149 479 515 Other expenses 327 623 1,602 1,484 Loss (income) from unconsolidated joint ventures 1,575 (582) 788 (2,008) Gain on investment property transactions (507) (98) (505) Net Operating Income 140,360 133,320 417,387 392,332 
 
 Consolidated rental property revenues, rental property operating expenses, and NOI changed between the 2024 and 2023 periods as follows in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Rental Property Revenues Same Property 196,720 190,732 5,988 3.1 597,993 576,714 21,279 3.7 Non-Same Property 9,645 7,426 2,219 29.9 27,108 18,768 8,340 44.4 206,365 198,158 8,207 4.1 625,101 595,482 29,619 5.0 Termination Fee Income 895 271 624 2,451 6,977 (4,526) Total Rental Property Revenues 207,260 198,429 8,831 627,552 602,459 25,093 Rental Property Operating Expenses Same Property 62,973 62,509 464 0.7 198,721 196,741 1,980 1.0 Non-Same Property 3,032 2,329 703 30.2 8,993 6,409 2,584 40.3 Total Rental Property Operating Expenses 66,005 64,838 1,167 1.8 207,714 203,150 4,564 2.2 Net Operating Income Same Property NOI 133,747 128,223 5,524 4.3 399,272 379,973 19,299 5.1 Non-Same Property NOI 6,613 5,097 1,516 29.7 18,115 12,359 5,756 46.6 Total NOI 140,360 133,320 7,040 5.3 417,387 392,332 25,055 6.4 
 Same Property NOI represents Net Operating Income for those office properties that were stabilized and owned by the Company for the entirety of all comparable reporting periods presented. Same Property NOI allows analysts, investors, and management to analyze continuing operations and evaluate the growth trend of the Company's portfolio. 
 Same Property Rental Property Revenues increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to an increase in economic occupancy at our BriarLake Plaza, San Jacinto Center, and Promenade Tower office properties and increases in revenues recognized from tenant funded improvements owned by us. In addition, parking revenue from our Same Property portfolio increased compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Non-Same Property Rental Property Revenues, Rental Property Operating Expenses, and NOI increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to the commencement of operations at our Domain 9 building in the first quarter of 2024 and increased economic occupancy at our recently renovated Promenade Central operating property. This increase is partially offset by a full building redevelopment at our Hayden Ferry 1 building, which began in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 26 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, increased 3.8 million, or 13.9 , and 11.4 million, or 14.6 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in the prior yea r. This increase is primarily due to decreases in capitalized interest as we finished construction on the core building and began operations at our Domain 9 building in the first quarter of 2024. In addition to the decreases in capitalized interest, increases are driven by higher variable interest rates and an increase in borrowings following the issuance of the public unsecured senior note, which were partially offset by the payment of 100.0 million on the 2021 Term Loan and a full repayment of the outstanding balance of the credit facility in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization changed between the 2024 and 2023 periods as follows in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Depreciation and Amortization Same Property 80,088 75,329 4,759 6.3 243,140 223,839 19,301 8.6 Non-Same Property 9,579 4,050 5,529 136.5 27,941 11,361 16,580 145.9 Non-Real Estate Assets 117 113 4 3.5 348 331 17 5.1 Total Depreciation and Amortization 89,784 79,492 10,292 12.9 271,429 235,531 35,898 15.2 
 
 Same Property depreciation and amortization increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year due to an increase of assets in service during the current periods, primarily from tenant improvements. 
 Non-Same Property depreciation and amortization increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to the completion of development at Domain 9 and a full building redevelopment at Promenade Central, as well as changes in the estimated useful lives of building and improvements at some of our operating properties. These increases were partially offset by our suspension of depreciation related to our full building redevelopment at our Hayden Ferry 1 building, which began in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Income and Net Operating Income from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures consisted of the Company's share of the following in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures (1,575) 582 (2,157) (370.6) (788) 2,008 (2,796) (139.2) Depreciation and amortization 1,728 485 1,243 256.3 2,700 1,440 1,260 87.5 Interest expense 1,507 508 999 196.7 2,670 1,150 1,520 132.2 Other expense 118 24 94 391.7 164 44 120 272.7 Other income (62) (35) (27) 77.1 (117) (110) (7) 6.4 Net operating income from unconsolidated joint ventures 1,716 1,564 152 9.7 4,629 4,532 97 2.1 Net operating income: Same Property 1,098 1,235 (137) (11.1) 3,520 3,601 (81) (2.2) Non-Same Property 618 329 289 87.8 1,109 931 178 19.1 Net operating income from unconsolidated joint ventures 1,716 1,564 152 9.7 4,629 4,532 97 2.1 
 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures decreased and interest from unconsolidated debt increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to an increase in interest expense driven by the June 2023 refinancing of a mortgage by our Crawford Long joint venture and a reduction in capitalized interest and operating expenses related to the development at our Neuhoff joint venture as operations began in January 2024. Unconsolidated depreciation and amortization expense increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to development activities winding down and operations beginning at our Neuhoff joint venture in January 2024. 
 27 

Funds From Operations 
 The table below shows Funds from Operations FFO and the related reconciliation from net income available to common stockholders. We calculate FFO in accordance with the Nareit definition, which is net income available to common stockholders (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding extraordinary items, cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, and gains on sale of depreciable property, and impairment losses on depreciable property, plus depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures to reflect FFO on the same basis. 
 FFO is used by industry analysts and investors as a supplemental measure of a REIT s operating performance. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have considered presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. Thus, Nareit created FFO as a supplemental measure of REIT operating performance that excludes historical cost depreciation, among other items, from GAAP net income. The use of FFO, combined with the required primary GAAP presentations, has been fundamentally beneficial, improving the understanding of operating results of REITs among the investing public and making comparisons of REIT operating results more meaningful. Company management evaluates operating performance, in part, based on FFO. Additionally, we use FFO, along with other measures, to assess performance in connection with evaluating and granting incentive compensation to our officers and other key employees. 
 The reconciliation of net income to FFO is as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands, except per share information): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Dollars Weighted Average Common Shares Per Share Amount Dollars Weighted Average Common Shares Per Share Amount Net Income Available to Common Stockholders 11,198 152,140 0.07 19,361 151,774 0.13 Noncontrolling interest related to unitholders 1 25 4 25 Potentially dilutive common shares - ESPP 5 Conversion of unvested restricted stock units 642 249 Net Income Diluted 11,199 152,812 0.07 19,365 152,048 0.13 Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets: Consolidated properties 89,667 0.59 79,379 0.52 Share of unconsolidated joint ventures 1,728 0.01 485 Partners' share of real estate depreciation (260) (257) Funds From Operations 102,334 152,812 0.67 98,972 152,048 0.65 
 
 28 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Dollars Weighted Average Common Shares Per Share Amount Dollars Weighted Average Common Shares Per Share Amount Net Income Available to Common Stockholders 32,326 152,060 0.21 64,178 151,692 0.42 Noncontrolling interest related to unitholders 5 25 11 25 Potentially dilutive common shares - ESPP 2 Conversion of unvested restricted stock units 517 301 Net Income Diluted 32,331 152,604 0.21 64,189 152,018 0.42 Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets: Consolidated properties 271,082 1.78 235,199 1.55 Share of unconsolidated joint ventures 2,700 0.02 1,440 Partners' share of real estate depreciation (836) (0.01) (813) Loss (gain) on sale of depreciated properties: Consolidated properties (101) 2 Funds From Operations 305,176 152,604 2.00 300,017 152,018 1.97 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary short-term and long-term liquidity needs include the following: 
 property operating expenses; 
 property, land, and other real estate related acquisitions; 
 expenditures on development and redevelopment projects; 
 building improvements, tenant improvements, and leasing costs; 
 principal and interest payments on indebtedness; 
 general and administrative costs; and 
 common stock dividends and distributions to outside unitholders of CPLP. 
 We may satisfy these needs with one or more of the following: 
 cash and cash equivalents on hand; 
 net cash from operations; 
 proceeds from the sale of assets; 
 borrowings under our credit facility; 
 proceeds from mortgage notes payable; 
 proceeds from construction loans; 
 proceeds from unsecured loans; 
 proceeds from offerings of equity securities, including through our ATM program; 
 proceeds from offerings of debt securities; and 
 joint venture formations. 
 Our material capital expenditure commitments as of September 30, 2024 include 114.8 million of unfunded tenant improvements and construction costs. As of September 30, 2024, we had no amounts drawn under our credit facility with the ability to borrow the full 1.0 billion, as well as 76.1 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. We expect to have sufficient liquidity to meet our obligations for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Other Debt Information 
 In addition to our 1 billion unsecured Credit Facility (with no amount outstanding as of September 30, 2024), we also have unsecured debt from two term loans totaling 650 million, one public unsecured senior note of 500 million, and five tranches of privately place unsecured senior notes totaling 1 billion. Under our Credit Facility and our 2022 and 2021 Term Loans, the interest rates applicable vary according to the Company's leverage ratio and current applicable credit ratings (see note 7). In April 2024, the Company notified the administrative agent of the Credit Facility and the terms loans of corporate investment grade ratings received. These ratings reduced the Credit Facility's current applicable spread to 0.775 and 2022 and 2021 Term Loans' current applicable spreads to 0.85 and 1.00 , respectively. There can be no assurance that the Company will maintain any particular rating in the future and if our credit ratings decrease, then we may be subject to higher applicable spreads. 
 29 

Our existing mortgage debt is comprised of non-recourse, fixed-rate mortgage notes secured by various real estate assets. We expect to either refinance our non-recourse mortgage loans at maturity or repay the mortgage loans with other capital resources, including our credit facility, unsecured debt, non-recourse mortgages, construction loans, the sale of assets, joint venture equity, the issuance of common stock, the issuance of preferred stock, or the issuance of units of CPLP. For each non-recourse mortgage loan, the Company provides a customary "non-recourse carve-out guaranty." Additional guarantees related to re-leasing costs may also apply. Many of our non-recourse mortgages contain covenants that, if not satisfied, could result in acceleration of the maturity of the debt. We expect to either refinance the non-recourse mortgages at maturity or repay the mortgages with proceeds from asset sales, debt, or other capital resources. The portion of our consolidated debt bearing interest at a fixed rate is 91 . The 9 of consolidated debt that bears interest at a floating rate is based on SOFR. 
 We are in compliance with all covenants of our existing unsecured and secured debt. 
 Future Capital Requirements 
 To meet capital requirements for future investment activities over the long-term, we intend to actively manage our portfolio of properties and strategically sell assets to exit our non-core holdings and reposition our portfolio of income-producing assets. We expect to continue to utilize cash retained from operations, as well as third-party sources of capital such as indebtedness, to fund future commitments as well as utilize construction facilities for some development assets, if available and under appropriate terms. We may also generate capital through the issuance of securities that include common or preferred stock, warrants, debt securities, or the issuance of CPLP limited partnership units. The Company and CPLP have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC registering, among other securities, debt securities of CPLP, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. Separate Consolidated Financial Statements of CPLP have not been presented in accordance with the amendments to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X. Furthermore, as permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi), the Company has excluded the summarized financial information for CPLP as the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Company and the CPLP are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, and management believes such summarized financial information would be repetitive and not provide incremental value to investors. 
 Our business model also includes raising or recycling capital, which can assist in meeting obligations and funding development and acquisition activity. If one or more sources of capital are not available when required, we may be forced to reduce the number of projects we acquire or develop and/or raise capital on potentially unfavorable terms, or we may be unable to raise capital, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 Cash Flows 
 We report and analyze our cash flows based on operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. The following table sets forth the changes in cash flows in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 271,195 277,518 (6,323) Net cash used in investing activities (253,879) (212,094) (41,785) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 52,780 (63,643) 116,423 
 
 The reasons for significant increases and decreases in cash flows between the periods are as follows: 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities. Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased 6.3 million between the 2024 and 2023 nine month periods primarily due to the following: timing of receipt of prepaid rents from tenants and the suspension of operations related to our full building redevelopment of Hayden Ferry 1 that began in the fourth quarter of 2023 partially offset by rent abatement ending at our 100 Mill property and the commencement of operations in the first quarter of 2024 at our Domain 9 property. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities. Cash flows used in investing activities increased 41.8 million between the 2024 and 2023 nine month periods primarily due to the acquisition of investments in real estate debt in May and June of 2024, initial contributions related to the formation of our new joint venture to acquire the Proscenium operating property in August of 2024, and a return of capital distribution from our Crawford Long unconsolidated joint venture received in May 2023. These increases are partially offset by a decrease in contributions to our Neuhoff Holdings LLC ("Neuhoff") joint venture needed to fund our equity share of the development of the Nashville mixed-used project and a decrease in capital expenditures (see table below). 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities. Cash flows from financing activities increased 116.4 million between the 2024 and 2023 nine month periods primarily due to the issuance of the 500 million public unsecured senior note in August of 2024, partially offset by the 2024 payoff of all amounts outstanding on our credit facility and a 2024 repayment of 100 million on our 2021 Term Loan. 
 30 

Capital Expenditures . We incur costs related to our real estate assets that include acquisition of properties, development of new properties, redevelopment of existing or newly purchased properties, leasing costs (including tenant improvements) for new or replacement tenants, and ongoing property repairs, maintenance, and improvements. 
 Capital expenditures for assets we develop or acquire and then hold and operate are included in the property acquisition, development, and tenant asset expenditures line item within investing activities on the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. The change in amounts accrued are removed from the table below to show the components of these costs on a cash basis. Components of costs included in this line item for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Projects under development (1) 22,127 44,138 Operating properties redevelopment 29,911 34,148 Operating properties building improvements 20,949 27,715 Operating properties leasing costs 100,161 76,482 Capitalized interest and salaries 10,973 15,771 Total property acquisition, development, and tenant asset expenditures 184,121 198,254 (1) Includes initial leasing costs. 
 
 Capital expenditures decreased 14.1 million between the 2024 and 2023 periods primarily due to decreases in development, redevelopment, and related capitalized interest and salaries due to the following: (i) the Domain 9 development commenced initial operations in the first quarter of 2024 primarily driving the decreased spending on projects under development and a related decrease in capitalized interest and salaries and (ii) spending on operating properties for redevelopments decreased compared to 2023 as the renovations at 3350 Peachtree and Promenade Central were substantially completed in 2023, offset by the commencement of a full building redevelopment of Hayden Ferry 1 in the fourth quarter of 2023. These decreases are partially offset by increased spending on leasing costs. 
 The amounts of tenant improvement and leasing costs for our office portfolio on a per square foot basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 
 2024 2023 New leases 10.94 12.64 Renewal leases 8.65 9.12 Expansion leases 15.00 11.07 
 
 The amounts of tenant improvement and leasing costs on a per square foot basis vary by lease and by market. 
 Dividends. We paid common dividends of 146.7 million and 145.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We expect to fund our future quarterly common dividends with cash provided by operating activities, also using proceeds from any investment property sales, distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures, indebtedness, and proceeds from offerings of equity and other securities, if necessary. 
 On a quarterly basis, we review the amount of the common dividend in light of current and projected future cash flows from the sources noted above and also consider the requirements needed to maintain our REIT status. In addition, we have certain covenants under credit agreements that could limit the amount of common dividends paid. In general, common dividends of any amount can be paid as long as leverage, as defined in our credit agreements, is less than 60 and we are not in default. Certain conditions also apply in which we can still pay common dividends if leverage is above that amount. We routinely monitor the status of our common dividend payments in light of the covenants of our credit agreements. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 General. We have a number of off balance sheet joint ventures with varying structures, as described in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in note 4 of the notes to condensed condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The joint ventures in which we have an interest are involved in the ownership, acquisition, and/or development of real estate. A venture will fund capital requirements or operational needs with cash from operations or financing proceeds, if possible. If additional capital is deemed necessary, a venture may request a contribution from the partners, and we will evaluate such request. 
 31 

Debt. At September 30, 2024, our unconsolidated joint ventures had aggregate outstanding indebtedness to third parties of 347.3 million. These loans are mortgage or construction loans, which are generally non-recourse to us. In addition, in certain instances, we provide non-recourse carve-out guarantees on these non-recourse loans. Certain of these loans have variable interest rates, which creates exposure to the ventures in the form of market risk from interest rate changes. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 There have been no material changes in the critical accounting policies from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 There have been no material changes in t he market risk associated with our notes payable at September 30, 2024 compared to that as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management necessarily applies judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable assurance regarding our control objectives. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer along with the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness, design, and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon the foregoing, the Chief Executive Officer along with the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. In addition, based on such evaluation, we have identified no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information regarding legal proceedings is described under the subheading "Litigation" in note 10 of the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Risk factors that affect our business and financial results are discussed in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in Part II, "Item 1A. Risk Factors," of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those previously disclosed in our Annual Report and our Quarterly Report for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, except for the additional risk factors below. You should carefully consider the risks described below in conjunction with those risks disclosed in our Annual Report of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. These risks are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 The mortgage loans in which we may invest are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, which could result in losses 
 to us. 
 Mortgage loans secured by commercial properties and are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property typically is dependent primarily upon the successful operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by, among other things: tenant mix and tenant bankruptcies, success of tenant businesses, property management decisions, including with respect to capital improvement, particularly in older building structures, property location and condition, competition from comparable types of properties offering the same or similar services, changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged, changes in interest rates, and in the state of the credit markets and the debt and equity capital markets, including diminished availability or lack of debt financing for commercial real estate, any need to address 
 32 

environmental contamination at the property, the occurrence of any uninsured casualty at the property, changes in national, regional or local economic conditions or specific industry segments, declines in regional or local real estate values, declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates, increases in real estate tax rates, tax credits and other operating expenses, changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including environmental legislation, natural disasters, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances, and adverse changes in zoning laws. 
 In the event of any default under a mortgage loan held directly by us, we will bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations and limit amounts available for distribution to our shareholders. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. 
 In addition, we are exposed to the risk of judicial proceedings with our borrowers, including bankruptcy or other litigation, as a strategy to avoid foreclosure or enforcement of other rights by us as a lender or investor. In the event that any of the properties or entities underlying or collateralizing our loans or investments experiences or continues to experience any of the other foregoing events or occurrences, the value of, and return on, such investments could be reduced, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may need to foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire, which could result in losses that harm our results of operations and financial condition. We may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire, and the foreclosure process may be lengthy and expensive. If we foreclose on an asset, we may take title to the property securing that asset, and if we do not or cannot sell the property, we would then come to own and operate it as real estate owned. Owning and operating real property involves risks that are different (and in many ways more significant) than the risks faced in owning an asset secured by that property. The costs associated with operating and redeveloping a property, including any operating shortfalls and significant capital expenditures, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial conditions and liquidity. 
 Whether or not we have participated in the negotiation of the terms of any such loans, we cannot assure you as to the adequacy of the protection of the terms of the applicable loan, including the validity or enforceability of the loan and the maintenance of the anticipated priority and perfection of the applicable security interests. Furthermore, claims may be asserted by lenders or borrowers that might interfere with enforcement of our rights. Borrowers may resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against us, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and defenses, even when the assertions may have no basis in fact, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action and seek to force the lender into a modification of the loan or a favorable buy-out of the borrower s position in the loan. Foreclosure actions in some U.S. states can take several years or more to litigate and may also be time consuming and expensive to complete in other U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. At any time prior to or during the foreclosure proceedings, the borrower may file for bankruptcy, which would have the effect of staying the foreclosure actions and further delaying the foreclosure process, and could potentially result in a reduction or discharge of a borrower s debt. Foreclosure may create a negative public perception of the related property, resulting in a diminution of its value. Even if we are successful in foreclosing on a loan, the liquidation proceeds upon sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, resulting in a loss to us. Furthermore, any costs or delays involved in the foreclosure of the loan or a liquidation of the underlying property will further reduce the net sale proceeds and, therefore, increase any such losses to us. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 For information on our equity compensation plans, see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and note 13 of the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. We did not sell any unregistered securities during the third quarter of 2024. 

33 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 25, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Murphy Subsidiary Holdings Corporation, and TIER REIT, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1 
 Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended August 9, 1999, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1.1 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended July 22, 2003, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2003, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1.2 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended December 15, 2004, filed as Exhibit 3(a)(i) to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1.3 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended May 4, 2010, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 10, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1.4 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended May 9, 2014, filed as Exhibit 3.1.4 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1.5 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of Cousins, as amended October 6, 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Registrant's Current Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2016). 
 3.1.6 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1.7 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated and Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 
 Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended and restated December 4, 2012, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2.1 
 Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended and restated July 26, 2022, filed as Exhibit 3.2.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2.2 
 Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended and restated July 25, 2023, filed as Exhibit 3.2.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.1 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2024, by and among Cousins Properties LP, Cousins Properties Incorporated and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 16, 2024. 
 4.2 
 Form of 5.875 Senior Notes due 2034, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 16, 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.2). 
 22.1 
 Subsidiary Issuer of Guaranteed Securities 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial information for the Registrant, formatted in inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the consolidated balance sheets, (ii) the consolidated statements of operations, (iii) the consolidated statements of equity, (iv) the consolidated statements of cash flows, and (v) the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 104 Cover page interactive data file (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 34 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 COUSINS PROPERTIES INCORPORATED /s/ Gregg D. Adzema Gregg D. Adzema Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date: October 24, 2024 
 
 35 

<EX-22.1>
 2
 cuz-exhibit2213q24.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 SUBSIDIARY ISSUER OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES 
 
 Cousins Properties LP CPLP ), the primary operating subsidiary of Cousins Properties Incorporated, is the issuer of 500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.875 senior notes due 2034 (the Senior Notes ). The Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the registrant, who consolidates CPLP. 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 cuz-exhibit3113q24.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, M. Colin Connolly, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cousins Properties Incorporated (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s M. Colin Connolly 
 M. Colin Connolly 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 Date October 24, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 cuz-exhibit3123q24.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gregg D. Adzema, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cousins Properties Incorporated (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Gregg D. Adzema 
 Gregg D. Adzema 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date October 24, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 cuz-exhibit3213q24.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cousins Properties Incorporated (the Registrant for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certifies that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 s M. Colin Connolly 
 M. Colin Connolly 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 Date October 24, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 cuz-exhibit3223q24.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cousins Properties Incorporated (the Registrant for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certifies that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 s Gregg D. Adzema 
 Gregg D. Adzema 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date October 24, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cuz-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cuz-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cuz-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cuz-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cuz-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

