<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_2013807_0001213900-24-100229.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6377325</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97467</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1422305</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1389825</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1612174</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1725265</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-100229.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119171015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-100229
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Foxx Development Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002013807
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42285
		FILM NUMBER:		241477212

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13284 POND SPRINGS RD
		STREET 2:		STE 405
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78729
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-666-1277

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13284 POND SPRINGS RD
		STREET 2:		STE 405
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-100229.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 ea0220595-10q_foxx.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended: 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______to _______ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

- 

(Issuer s
telephone number including area code) 

(Former
name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common equity as of the latest practicable date. As of November 13, 2024, there are shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. 

FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

CONTENTS 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item
 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) (unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 5 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations 
 25 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 36 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 36 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 37 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 37 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 37 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 37 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 

Item 5. Other Information 
 37 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 37 

SIGNATURES 
 38 

i 

PART
I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. - Financial Statements 

FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2024 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Restricted cash 
 
 -

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Amount due from related party 
 -

Total Current Assets 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Operating right-of-use assets 

Deferred transaction costs 
 -

Security deposits 

Total Non-current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Other payable - related party 

Payables on shares redemption 
 
 -

Contract liabilities 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Short-term loans 
 -

Current maturity of long-term loan 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Convertible promissory notes 
 -

Earnout liabilities 
 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liabilities - non-current 

Long-term loan - non-current 

Total Non-current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (See Note 18) 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common stock, par value, shares and shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively; 

and shares issued and outstanding as of as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 REVENUES, NET 
 
 - 
 
 COST OF GOODS SOLD 
 
 - 
 
 GROSS PROFIT 
 
 - 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Research and development 
 
 - 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 
 - 

Change in fair value of earnout
 liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total Other Expense, net 

LOSS BFORE INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 - 
 - 

NET LOSS 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES 

Basic 

Diluted 

LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGE IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Additional 

Common stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, June 30, 2024 

Conversion of convertible promissory notes into common stock upon completion of reverse recapitalization 

-

Issuance of common stock upon completion of reverse recapitalization 

-

Earnout liabilities 
 - 
 -

-

Transaction costs 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE, September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Additional 

Common stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, June 30, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE, September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Interest expense from convertible promissory notes 

Amortization of operating right of use assets 
 
 -

Change in fair value of earnouts 
 
 -

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Amount due from a related party 
 
 -

Security deposits 

Accounts payable 
 
 -

Contract liabilities 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Other payable - related party 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayments to short-term loans - related party 
 -

Repayments to short-term loans 
 
 -

Principal payments of long-term loan 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note 
 
 -

Proceeds from reverse recapitalization, net of payments of transaction costs 
 
 -

Payments of deferred transaction costs 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, beginning of the period 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, end of the period 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, end of the period reconciliation: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 
 
 -

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, end of the period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income tax 
 
 -

Cash paid for interest 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Initial recognition of operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
 
 -

Modification of operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
 
 -

Conversion of convertible promissory notes into common stock 
 
 -

Reverse recapitalization transaction costs net against additional-paid in capital 
 
 -

Deferred transaction costs included in other payables and accrued liabilities 

Initial recognition of earnout liabilities 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

FOXX
DEVELOPMENT INC. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

of the equity interests in Foxx Technology. Foxx Technology operates in the field of the manufacture of
wireless communications equipment, and the wholesale of handphones, handphone peripheral equipment and other telecommunications equipment.
Since the Company owns the majority controlling financial interest in Foxx Technology, according to ASC 810-10-15-10, all majority-owned
subsidiaries shall be consolidated. Foxx Technology is required to be consolidated under ASC 810. As of June 30, 2024, no significant
operations nor capital contributions were made to Foxx Technology. As a result, the Company s consolidated financial statements
did not reflect any operating activities from Foxx Technology. The Company has voting interest of Foxx Technology. On July 30,
2024, Foxx submitted the application to dissolve Foxx Technology to the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) of Singapore.
On November 4, 2024, ACRA granted Foxx Technology s application and struck it off from the company register of Singapore. 

million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, (2) net loss of approximately
 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, (3) accumulated deficit of approximately million as of September
30, 2024, and (4) the working capital deficit of approximately million as of September 30, 2024. 

If
the Company is unable to generate sufficient funds to finance the working capital requirements of the Company within the normal operating
cycle of a twelve-month period from the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued, the Company may
have to consider supplementing its available sources of funds through the following sources: 

Other available sources of financing from banks in the United States
of America and other financial institutions or private lenders; 

Financial
 support and credit guarantee commitments from the Company s related parties; and 

Equity
 financing. 

5 

and , respectively. 

6 

and , respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no inventory write-down was
recorded. 

and
charged against shareholders deficit. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company had deferred transaction costs
of 0 and , respectively. 

contingent earnout shares Earnout Shares in the form of
common stock of the Company, par value per share Common Stock ). The Earnout Shares would be issued upon certain
vesting schedules based on the Company s financial performance for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and 2025. The Earnout Shares
are classified as a liability and measured at fair value, with changes in fair value included in the consolidated statements of operations
(See Note 17). 

7 

8 

and , respectively recorded under accrued liabilities and other current liabilities, and these reserves were
recognized based on estimation and judgment from the Company s management. 

and , respectively, and such reserves are based on estimation and required judgment from
the Company s management. There are no transaction prices allocated to future periods or future obligations and no revenue was
recognized for performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. 

9 

10 

11 

shares of Class A common stock of ACAC ACAC public shares ), net of redemption of ACAC public shares at 
per share, and all shares of Class B common stock of ACAC ACAC private shares ), were converted on a one-for-one
basis into the Company s Common Stock. 

(ii) 
shares of the Company s Common Stock were issued to ACAC s underwriter, EF Hutton LLC, in connection with the Business Combination. 

(iii) All issued and outstanding shares of Old Foxx common stock were cancelled
in exchange for the rights for Old Foxx stockholders, including the holders of Old Foxx s convertible promissory notes upon the
conversion of the convertible promissory notes and their interests into Old Foxx common stock immediately prior to Closing (see Note 14),
to receive such stockholder s pro rata share of shares Closing Payment Shares of the Company s Common
Stock, including: (x) shares of Foxx s par value common stock were issued to Old Foxx s convertible promissory
notes holders in connection with the Business Combination (see Note 14); (y) 
outstanding shares of Old Foxx common stock issued to existing Old Foxx stockholders (other than holders of the convertible notes)
 were cancelled in exchange for the right by the Old Foxx stockholders to receive a pro rata share
of shares of the Company s Common Stock at the exchange ratio of . 

(iv) shares Earnout Shares of the Company s Common Stock were reserved for issuance to Old Foxx s stockholders subject to the vesting schedule as follows: 

in
connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024: 

Earnout Shares would be issued to Old Foxx stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the Company s audited consolidated financial
statements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 2024 Foxx Audited Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by Company after Closing, reflect revenue of the Company for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2024 (the 2024 Foxx Revenue to be no less than (including and less
than (excluding ); 

12 

Earnout Shares would be issued to Old Foxx stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2024 Foxx Revenue reflected in the 2024
Foxx Audited Financial Statements would be no less than (including and less than (excluding ); 

Earnout Shares would be issued to Old Foxx stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2024 Foxx Revenue reflected in the 2024
Foxx Audited Financial Statements would be no less than (including ). 

in
connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025: 

Earnout Shares would be issued to Old Foxx stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the Company s audited consolidated financial
statements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 2025 Foxx Audited Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by the Company after Closing, reflect revenue of the Company for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 (the 2025 Foxx Revenue to be no less than (including and
less than (excluding ); 

1,400,000
Earnout Shares would be issued to Old Foxx stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2025 Foxx Revenue reflected in the 2025
Foxx Audited Financial Statements would be no less than 96,600,000 (including 96,600,000) and less than 115,000,000 (excluding 115,000,000); 

Earnout Shares would be issued to Old Foxx stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2025 Foxx Revenue reflected in the 2025
Foxx Audited Financial Statements would be no less than (including ). 

(v) All issued
and outstanding ACAC warrants were converted on a one-for-one basis into warrants of the Company, including conversion
from (x) ACAC s public warrants, (y) ACAC s private warrants, and (z) ACAC s working
capital warrants. 

Less: redemption of ACAC s common stock 

Common stock issued to underwriter 

Conversion of Old Foxx s common stock into Foxx s common stock 

Conversion of Old Foxx s convertible promissory notes into Foxx s common stock 

Total common stock outstanding 

Old Foxx was determined to be the accounting acquirer given Old Foxx
effectively controlled the combined entity after the Business Combination. The transaction is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization Reverse Recapitalization , which is equivalent to the issuance of common stock
by Old Foxx for the net monetary assets of ACAC, accompanied by a recapitalization. Old Foxx is determined as the accounting acquirer
and the historical financial statements of Old Foxx became the Company s historical financial statements, with retrospective adjustments
to give effect of the Reverse Recapitalization. The net assets of ACAC were recognized as of the closing date at historical cost, with
no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those of Old Foxx and Old Foxx s
operations are the only ongoing operations of the Company. 

In
connection with the Reverse Recapitalization, the Company raised approximately million of proceeds, presented as cash flows
from financing activities, which included the contribution of approximately million of funds held in ACAC s trust account,
approximately million of cash held in ACAC s operating cash account, and payments of approximately million
in transaction costs incurred by ACAC. 

13 

Funds held in ACAC s operating cash account 

Less: payments of transaction costs incurred by ACAC 

Proceeds from the Reverse Recapitalization 

Less: non-cash net deficit assumed from ACAC 

Net distributions from issuance of Common Stock upon the Reverse Recapitalization 

The
shares and corresponding capital amounts and all per share data related to Old Foxx s outstanding common stock prior to the Reverse
Recapitalization have been retroactively adjusted using the Exchange Ratio of . 

Less: allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

Total inventories 

Add: net increase in current period contract asset 

Less: inventory recognized from beginning contract asset 

Total contract assets as the end of the period 

14 

Prepaid rent 
 
 -

Other prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Furniture and fixtures 

Vehicles 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. 

Interest payable 

Professional fee payable 

Accrued warranty expenses 

Excise tax payable 
 
 -

Others 

Total other payables and accrued liabilities 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries
of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023 under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 

Add: net increase in current period contract liabilities 

Less: revenue recognized from beginning contract liabilities 

Total contract liabilities as the end of the period 

15 

-

Other
payable related party 

Company B 
 -
 Company C -
 Total 

Related
party transactions 

Research
and development expenses 

-

Consulting expenses 

16 

Lender B (2) 
 -

Total short-term loan 
 -

and is non-interest bearing. The Company s imputed interest is immaterial. During the three months ended September
30, 2024, the Company made a full repayment to the third party with a total amount of . 

with a third-party lender. This loan is non-interest
bearing. The Company s imputed interest is immaterial. This loan had an original due date in February 2020 and automatically
converted into a due on demand term thereafter. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made a full repayment to
the third party with a total amount of . 

at per annum. The maturity
date for the note is the earlier of the -month anniversary of the issuance date and the date when Old Foxx redeems the note, or the
date of the initial closing of the initial public offering IPO of Old Foxx. 

On November 21, 2023, Old Foxx issued a second convertible promissory
note the Note 2 to Investor A in the amount of at per annum. The maturity and other terms were the
same to Note 1. 

On March 15, 2024, Old
Foxx and the Investor entered into an Amendment to the Convertible Note Agreement to the Note 1 and Note 2 and agreed that
all accrued interest shall become due and payable in shares of common stock of Old Foxx, at a price of per share at the time that
the Old Foxx completes the Business Combination. 

On March 15, 2024, Old Foxx issued a third convertible promissory
note the Note 3 , together with Note 1 and Note 2, collectively as Notes to the Investor A
for the amount of at per annum. The maturity and other terms were the same to Note 1 and Note 2. 

On May 30, 2024, Old Foxx entered into a securities purchase agreement
for issuance of convertible promissory notes to Investor B in the amount of Note 4 and to Investor C in
the amount of Note 5 ), at per annum. The Note 4 and Note 5 were received in August and September
2024 prior to the Closing. The maturity date for the Note 4 and Note 5 would be due at the earlier of the -month anniversary
of the issuance date or IPO of Old Foxx. The Note 4 and Note 5 and their accrued and unpaid interest would be automatically
convertible into shares of common stock of Old Foxx, at a price of per share at the time that Old Foxx completes the Business Combination. 

17 

and the related interests of were automatically converted into (x) 
shares of Old Foxx common stock for the Notes to the Investor, (y) shares of Foxx common stock for Note 4, and (z) share
of Foxx common stock for Note 5, each at a price of per share. On September 26, 2024, upon Closing of the Business Combination,
all the Old Foxx common stock converted from the convertible promissory notes were cancelled in exchange for the holders pro rata
share of the Closing Payment Shares (see Note 4), resulting in a total of shares of the Company s Common Stock
issued to the holders of the convertible promissory notes at the exchange ratio of approximately 3.3033 f ollowing
consummation of the Business Combination, including (x) shares of Common Stock issued to the Investor A, (y) shares of
Common Stock issued to Investor B , and (z) shares of Common Stock issued to Investor
C (see Note 4). 

As
of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the fair and carrying value of the Notes were and , respectively, net of 
unamortized premium, discount, or issuance costs; and accrued interest related to the Notes were and as of September 30,
2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 

. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the asset that has been pledged as a collateral is . The monthly payments
are from March 2023 to February 2029, with an interest rate of per annum. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total long-term debt payment 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt non-current portion 

Interest
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for the above loan amounted to and , respectively. 

authorized shares of common stock, par value per share.
As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, there are and shares of common stock outstanding. 

Issuance
of common stock upon completion of the Reverse Recapitalization 

On
September 26, 2024, upon the consummation of the business combination, the Company issued an aggregated total of common stock
to ACAC shareholders and its underwriter. 

Less: redemption of ACAC s common stock 

Common stock issued to underwriter 

Total common stock issued upon completion of the Reverse Recapitalization 

18 

common stock
to the Old Foxx convertible notes holders (See Note 14). 

Earnout
Shares 

As
described in Note 4 - Reverse recapitalization, the Earnout Shares that are contingently issuable in connection with the Business Combination
are subject to vesting based on the Company s financial performance during the earnout period. The entitlement of earnout
shares to the Old Foxx shareholders were forfeited in October 2024 because the Company did not meet the earnout requirements for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 vesting schedule. These 
earnout shares are not included or contributing to the value of the earnout liabilities. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company s Earnout Shares that are contingently issuable in connection with the Business Combination
are subject to vesting based on the Company s financial performance during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025. The Earnout
Shares are classified as a liability and measured at fair value, with changes in fair value included in the consolidated statements of
operations. 

As of September 30, 2024
and September 26, 2024 (issuance date), the fair value of the earnout liabilities was and , respectively. For the
three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized of losses related to the change in fair value of earnout liabilities
included in the change in fair value of earnout liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations (See Note 17 Fair value
measurement). 

Warrants 

In connection with the reverse recapitalization, each of 
ACAC s issued and outstanding warrants, which consisted of public warrants, private warrants and
 working capital warrants, was converted automatically into one redeemable warrant of the Company, exercisable for one share
of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share. All of these warrants met the criteria for equity classification. 

Each
whole Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of the Company s common stock at a price of
 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its Warrants only for a whole number of shares
of common stock. This means that only a whole Warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional Warrants
will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. The Warrants will expire five years after the
completion of the Company s initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company has agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days, after the closing of the initial business combination,
it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following its initial business combination
to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
agreement. No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the
common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company s common stock is at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may,
at its option, require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event it so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement,
but it will be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to
the extent an exemption is not available. 

The
Company may call the Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per Warrant: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

upon not less than prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each Warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

19 

Forfeited - - - - Exercised - - - - September 30, 2024 

The
Company accounted for the Warrants assumed from the merger as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . 

-
 
 -

Total 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Total 
 
 -
 
 -

The earnouts based on revenue
have been classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy as the fair value is derived using a Monte Carlo simulation analysis in a risk neutral
framework, which uses a combination of observable (Level 2) and unobservable (Level 3) inputs. Key estimates and assumptions impacting
the fair value measurement include the Company s revenue forecasts as well as the assumptions listed in tables below. The fair
value measurement associated with the earnout liability is highly sensitive to changes in stock price and forecasted amounts for revenue
through June 2025. Any changes to stock price and forecasted revenues through June 2025 will result in remeasurement of the earnout liability
and could result in material gains or losses being recognized in the statement of operations. 

The
Company estimated the fair value per share of the underlying common stock based, in part, on the results of third-party valuations and
additional factors deemed relevant. The risk-free interest rate was determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve for time
periods approximately equal to the remaining contractual term of the earnouts. 

Prior
to the Business Combination, the Company was a private company and lacked company-specific historical and implied volatility information
of its stock, and as such, the expected revenue volatility was based on historical volatility of industry outlook and the expected revenue
volatility and stock volatility was based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies for a term equal to the remaining
expected term of the earnout period. The input for the based monthly revenue were based on actual revenue for the three months ended
September 30, 2024. 

20 

million 
 
 million 
 
 Industry revenue growth 
 Unobservable 

Revenue volatility 
 Unobservable 

Stock volatility 
 Unobservable 

Stock price 
 Observable 

Risk-free rate 
 Observable 

Term 
 Observable 
 Years 
 Years 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

and , respectively, of the Company s total revenues. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did not generate any revenue. 

(b) Major
suppliers 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, one supplier, which is a third party of the Company, accounted for of the Company s
total purchases. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2023, one supplier, which is a third party of the Company, accounted for of the Company s
total purchases. 

(c) Geographic
areas 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, all of the Company s long-lived assets are located in the United States
and all of the Company s revenues are derived solely from the United States, accordingly, no geographical information is presented. 

per month from November 1, 2022 to October 31, 2024. The Company determined that the accounting
impact of this lease is immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the three months ended September 30,
2023 and no operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were capitalized as June 30, 2024. The Company terminated this lease
on August 5, 2023. 

21 

. The Company determined that the accounting impact of this lease is immaterial to the Company s
consolidated financial statements for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and no operating right-of-use assets and lease
liabilities were capitalized as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 

On
August 14, 2023, the Company entered a six-month lease agreement to rent an office for operating purposes with a monthly rental
fee of . The Company determined that the accounting impact of this lease is immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial
statements for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and no operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were capitalized
as June 30, 2024. 

On
September 18, 2023, the Company entered a month-to-month rental agreement to rent as dorm for the employee with a monthly rent of
 . The Company determined that the accounting impact of this lease is immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements
for the year ended June 30, 2024 and no operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were capitalized as June 30, 2024. 

In
September 2023, the Company signed a three-year lease agreement to rent a general office and storage space for business operation
with a monthly rent of , plus varied monthly CAM. The commencement date of this lease is October 1, 2023 and has no renewal
option. On July 17, 2024, the Company extended the lease for another 35 months to be commenced on October 1, 2026 and ended August 31,
2029. The Company considered this lease as an operating lease and recognized right-of-use asset and lease liability. The Company recognized
lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term for operating lease. 

In
June 2024, the Company signed a six years and months lease agreement to rent a general office for business operation with a monthly
rent of , plus varied monthly CAM. The commencement date of this lease is June 15, 2024 and the expiration date is . The Company considered this lease as an operating lease and recognized right-of-use asset and lease liability. The Company recognized
lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term for operating lease. 

On
July 17, 2024, the Company signed a five-year and one-half month lease agreement to rent a general office and storage space for business
operation with a monthly rent of , plus varied monthly CAM. The commencement date of this lease is August 15, 2024 and has
no renewal option. The Company considered this lease as an operating lease and recognized right-of-use asset and lease liability. The
Company recognized lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term for operating lease. 

The
ROU assets and lease liabilities are determined based on the present value of the future minimum rental payments of the lease as of the
adoption date, using incremental borrowing rate as the effective interest rate, with a weighted average rate of in July 2024 and
 in June 2024. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining operating lease term of its existing leases is approximately
 year and year. 

For the twelve months ending June 30, 2026 

For the twelve months ending June 30, 2027 

For the twelve months ending June 30, 2028 

For the twelve months ending June 30, 2029 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: discount 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion 

22 

Lease expenses short term 
 General, and administrative 

Total operating lease cost 

,
plus varied monthly CAM, for square feet. The commencement date of this lease is February 1, 2025 and the termination date
is January 31, 2032. On August 9, 2024, the Company expanded the existing lease to include additional square feet from April 1,
2025 to January 31, 2032 with an additional monthly rent of . 

Reference
to Note 19 for detailed disclosure of other entered lease agreements. 

. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory
tax rate of primarily due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

-

Mobile phone products 
 
 -

Total revenues 
 
 -

23 

-

E-Commerce revenues 
 
 -

Total revenues 
 
 -

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

- 

Warrants 

- 

Common stock underlying from the convertible notes 

- 

Total 

warrants in the amount of 
or per share. 

In
October 2024, the Company paid approximately million to the ACAC redeeming shareholders as a result on their share redemptions
in connection with the Business Combination. 

On November 5, 2024, the Company granted restricted shares to its employees, consultants, and independent directors under its
employee incentive plan. These shares have a 4-year vesting schedule, of which, will be vested after year 1 with the remaining 
will be vested quarterly from year 2 to year 4. 

24 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis is intended as a review of significant factors affecting our financial condition and results of operations for the periods
indicated. The discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related
notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial statements and the other information set forth
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 24, 2024. In addition to historical information, the following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ significantly
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors discussed herein and any other periodic reports
filed and to be filed with the SEC. 

Overview 

Foxx
Development Holdings Inc. we, our , us , or
the Company was incorpo rated on November 13, 2023 under the name
 Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc. On September 26, 2024 (the Closing ), Acri Capital Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation and our parent company at the time, ACAC consummated a previously announced
business combination pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement, dated February 18, 2024 (as amended on May 31,
2024, collectively, the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among us, ACAC, Acri Capital Merger Sub II Inc., a
Delaware corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary at the time Merger Sub ), and Foxx Development Inc., a Texas
corporation incorporated on May 17, 2017 Old Foxx ), pursuant to which (i) ACAC merged with and into us (the
 Reincorporation Merger ), with us surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (ii) Old Foxx merged with and into Merger
Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as our wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary (the Acquisition Merger ). The Reincorporation
Merger, the Acquisition Merger, and the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement, are collectively
referred to as the Business Combination . 

Upon Closing, we were renamed
as Foxx Development Holdings Inc. , and the Merger Sub was renamed as Foxx Development Inc. (the Subsidiary ). 

The ACAC securities previously
traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq were delisted and ceased trading following the Closing. On September 27, 2024,
one business day after the Closing, our Common Stock and Warrant became listed on the Nasdaq under trading symbols FOXX 
and FOXXW, respectively. 

Together with our Subsidiary,
we are a technology innovation firm specializing in the communications sector. Since our establishment in 2017, we have expanded our presence
to include various locations throughout the United States, such as San Francisco, CA, Dallas, TX, Atlanta, GA, Los Angeles, CA, Miami,
FL, and New York, NY. This expansion enables us to provide sales, retail, distribution, and after-sales support services while
simultaneously driving innovation through active research and development efforts aimed at pioneering new customization standards and
services. 

Our business model involves
providing comprehensive hardware and software specifications to original design manufacturers. Once the products are developed, we engage
with third-party agencies to secure necessary testing and certifications, including Equipment Authorizations from the FCC and certifications
from the Global Mobile Suppliers Association. We currently offer a range of Foxx-branded products, including tablets, smartphones, wearables,
and expects to launch other high-quality communication terminals. Our products are generally priced competitively after considering various
factors such as product costs, research and development investments, regulatory compliance, testing expenses, and shipping costs. Our
customers are primarily distributors who sell Foxx-branded products in the U.S. public channels and to major carriers in the United States
such as T-Mobile, AT T, and Verizon. Our customers also included individual E-Commerce customers from TikTok Shop, which we began
our E-Commerce operations in March 2024. 

We have generated most of
our revenue from the sales of tablets and smartphones. We expect to enter the U.S. IoT markets and potentially the private label
Mobile Virtual Network Operator MVNO market, with the aim of growing into a key player both domestically and globally.
We have been preparing to enter these markets by adding additional features and providing related services that enable Foxx-branded devices
to have IoT and MVNO capabilities. 

25 

We manage inventory and meet
market demand through our build-to-order business model. After customers place purchase orders in bulks with us, we place purchase orders
with suppliers to manufacture the products that meet customers products specifications and budget requirements. Prior to 2023,
we have relied on limited suppliers for the manufacturing of mobile phone and tablet products and on limited customers for the distribution
of these products. We selectively concentrated our resources on our tablet and mobile phone products because such products held the strongest
market potential and revenue generation capability at the time when remote work and online classes became more prevalent. 

Beginning in 2023, we adjusted
our business strategy to avoid reliance on limited suppliers and customers and to diversify suppliers and customers to mitigate the concentration
and reliance risk. We have added new product models across each product line to target a broader range of customers. As of the date hereof,
we have reached out to a total of eight wholesale customers to expand our operations in the market and expects to secure purchase orders
from these new customers. At the same time, to meet the various product demands of current and prospective customers, we have connected
with suppliers who can provide manufacturing support when we secure purchase orders from our customers. In addition, we plan to further
expand our product offerings and to launch an IoT platform to manage all end-products sold, and began setting up a service team for our
business to business (B2B) model in the artificial IoT department. Through the efforts of expanding product offerings and reaching to
broader customer base, we will be able to move away from relying on limited customers and suppliers. As we dedicated our resources to
expansion, we experienced a significant decrease in the sales of tablet and mobile phone products during the year ended June 30, 2024
as compared to the same period in 2023: (i) new customers began orders in much smaller quantities as compared to our previous customer
in order to build up a trustworthy relationship; (ii) similarly and relevantly, we placed order with new suppliers in much smaller
quantities to build up relationship and ensure the quality of the products; and (iii) new product models on both tablet and mobile
phones order by new customers required approximately 6-9 months from development to mass production. 

In addition, on February 8,
2024, the U.S. Federal Communication Commission stopped accepting new enrollment in the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) and
announced that the ACP will stop accepting new applications and enrollments on February 7, 2024, and will stop funding for enrolled
customers starting on April 30, 2024. Temporarily impacted by such a change in ACP, most of our new customers are cutting down their
sales teams in anticipation of the reduced customer base, which affects the demand for our products across all channels during the year
ended June 30, 2024; and on the other hand, our competitors have stockpiled their products during the year ended June 30, 2024, due to
severely declining sales and they have started lower their sale price on their products which affected the demand of our products. However,
we may continue to target end-users who are eligible for the Lifeline Program, which is administered by the Universal Service Administrative
Company (USAC) and receives funding from the Universal Service Fund, a government program that receives annual contributions from telecommunications
companies or their customers. At the same time, because we have initiated our strategic shifts to diversify our product offerings, we
expect to target customers who are interested in other mobile devices, tablets, and IoT products. In addition, we began launching our
products through TikTok Shop in March 2024 and we expect to grow our sales through this E-Commerce channel. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our sales went back
to our historical level, as we have added two new customers during the period. 

The Business Combination 

Incorporated
as a Delaware corporation under the name Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc. on November 13, 2023, we entered into the Business
Combination Agreement on February 18, 2024, as amended on May 31, 2024, by and among us, ACAC, Merger Sub, and Old Foxx. 

Upon
the Closing of the Business Combination on September 26, 2024, ACAC merged with and into us, with us surviving the Reincorporation Merger,
and (ii) Old Foxx merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as our wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary after the Acquisition
Merger. 

26 

Merger Consideration 

Immediately
prior to the effective time of the Reincorporation Merger (the Reincorporation Merger Effective Time ), which was on September
25, 2024, one business day prior to the Closing, (i) each issued and outstanding ACAC unit was automatically separated into one (1) share
of ACAC Class A common stock and one-half (1/2) of one ACAC warrant, and (ii) each share of ACAC Class A common stock held by ACAC stockholders
who validly redeemed their shares of ACAC Class A common stock (each ACAC Redeeming Share was automatically cancelled and
ceased to exist and thereafter represented only the right to be paid a pro-rata redemption price. 

At the Reincorporation Merger Effective Time on September 25, 2024, (i) each share of ACAC Class A or Class B common stock issued and outstanding (other than ACAC Redeeming Shares) was converted automatically into one (1) share of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and (ii) each issued and outstanding ACAC warrant was converted automatically into one (1) redeemable our warrant, exercisable for one (1) share of our Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (the Warrant ). 

At the Closing on September 26, 2024, by virtue of the Acquisition Merger and the Business Combination Agreement, and without any action on the part of any party to the Business Combination Agreement or affiliate or security thereof, the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Old Foxx Old Foxx Common Stock held by exiting holders of Old Foxx common stock (the Old Foxx Stockholders immediately prior to the Closing (including shares of Old Foxx Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the principal and accrued interest of promissory notes of Old Foxx issued in the Transaction Financing, as defined below) were cancelled and automatically converted into (i) the right to receive, without interest, the applicable portion of 5,000,000 shares of our Common Stock (the Closing Payment Stock , 500,000 of which are subject to the Escrow Arrangement noted below), and (ii) the contingent right to receive the applicable portion of the Earnout Shares (as defined below), if, as and when payable in accordance with the earnout provisions of the Business Combination Agreement. 

Upon
Closing, we were renamed as Foxx Development Holdings Inc. , and the Merger Sub was renamed as Foxx Development Inc. 
(i.e. the Subsidiary). 

Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, 500,000 shares of the Closing Payment Stock in aggregate were deposited (the Escrow Arrangement to a segregated escrow account and would be released to the Old Foxx Stockholders if and only if, prior to or upon the one-year anniversary
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) managed by the U.S. Federal Communication Commission
is reauthorized by the U.S. Congress with funding of no less than 4 billion in total for such reauthorized period; or otherwise
be cancelled and forfeited by the Registrant without consideration. 

Additionally,
the Old Foxx Stockholders would be entitled to receive Earnout Shares , which refer to 4,200,000 shares of our Common Stock,
subject to the vesting schedule (the Vesting Schedule as follows: 

(i) in connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024: 

(A) 700,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Foxx Stockholders on
a pro rata basis if and only if our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 2024 Audited
Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the United States U.S.
GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by us after Closing, would reflect our revenue for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024
(the 2024 Revenue to be no less than 67,000,000 (including 67,000,000) and less than 84,000,000 (excluding 84,000,000); 

(B) 1,400,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Foxx Stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2024 Revenue reflected in the 2024 Audited Financial Statements would be no less than 84,000,000 (including 84,000,000) and less than 100,000,000 (excluding 100,000,000); 

(C) 2,100,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Foxx Stockholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2024 Revenue reflected in the 2024 Audited Financial Statements would be no less than 100,000,000 (including 100,000,000); 

provided,
however, that the Earnout Shares would be issued and delivered pursuant to one paragraph from (i)(A)-(i)(C) above only once; and 

27 

(ii) In connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025: 

(A) 700,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Old Foxx Shareholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 2025
Audited Financial Statements ), prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by us after Closing, would
reflect revenue of the Registrant for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025 (the 2025 Revenue to be no less than 77,050,000
(including 77,050,000) and less than 96,600,000 (excluding 96,600,000); 

(B) 1,400,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Old Foxx Stockholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2025 Revenue reflected in the 2025 Audited Financial Statements would be no less than 96,600,000
(including 96,600,000) and less than 115,000,000 (excluding 115,000,000); 

(C) 2,100,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Old Foxx Stockholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2025 Revenue reflected in the 2025 Audited Financial Statements would be no less than 115,000,000
(including 115,000,000); 

provided,
however, that the Earnout Shares would be issued and delivered pursuant to one paragraph from (ii)(A) to (ii)(C) above only once. 

On
October 24, 2024, upon the filing of the 2024 Audited Financial Statements as part of the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC (the 2024 10-K ), any Earnout Shares that the Old Foxx shareholders would be entitled to receive under the Vesting
Schedule were automatically forfeited, as the Company did not meet any of the vesting conditions for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024
within the Vesting Schedule. 

In addition to the foregoing,
pursuant to that certain amendment to the Underwriting Agreement, by and between EF Hutton LLC and ACAC, dated February 20, 2024, 43,125
shares of our Common Stock were issued to EF Hutton LLC at the Closing. 

Public Listing 

The ACAC securities previously
traded on Nasdaq were delisted without any action needed to be taken on the part of the holders of such securities and are no longer traded
on Nasdaq following the Closing. On September 27, 2024, one business day after the Closing, our Common Stock and Warrant became listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under trading symbols FOXX and FOXXW, respectively. 

Accounting Treatment 

While the legal acquirer
in the Business Combination was ACAC, for financial accounting and reporting purposes under U.S. GAAP, Old Foxx was the accounting acquirer,
and the Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. A reverse recapitalization (i.e., a capital
transaction involving the issuance of stock by ACAC for the stock of Old Foxx) does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements of the combined company represent the continuation of the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements of Old Foxx in many respects. Accordingly, the assets, liabilities and results of operations of Old Foxx became the
historical financial statements of the combined company, and ACAC s assets, liabilities, and results of operations were consolidated
with Old Foxx beginning from the Closing on September 26, 2024. Operations prior to the Business Combination are presented as those of
Old Foxx. The net assets of ACAC are recognized at historical cost (which is expected to be consistent with carrying value), with no goodwill
or other intangible assets recorded upon execution of the Business Combination. 

Transaction Financing 

In consideration of market
conditions, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the parties agreed to use commercially best efforts to secure financing to
pay transaction expense and working capital of Foxx, including without limitation, a PIPE financing, private financing, redemption waiver,
convertible debt, forward purchase agreement, backstop, or equity line of credit (collectively, the Transaction Financing ). 

28 

On June 21, 2023, Old Foxx entered into a securities purchase agreement
(the Convertible Note Agreement 1 with New Bay Capital Limited, a Hong Kong registered company New Bay ),
and issued a promissory note Note 1 to New Bay in the principal amount of 2 million with an interest rate of 7 
per annum, convertible into shares of Old Foxx common stock at 30.00 per share upon the listing of Old Foxx common stock through an initial
public offering. On December 21, 2023, Old Foxx issued into another securities purchase agreement (the Convertible Note Agreement
2 with New Bay with the same terms and conditions as the Convertible Note Agreement, and issued another promissory note Note
2 to New Bay in the principal amount of 2 million. 

In connection with the Business
Combination Agreement and all the transaction contemplated therein (the Business Combination ), in the spring of 2024, Old
Foxx and ACAC reached out to New Bay to seek its interest in participating in further financing in connection with the Business Combination. 

After negotiations with New Bay, On March 15, 2024, Old Foxx and
New Bay agreed to an amendment to amend both Convertible Note Agreement 1 and Convertible Note Agreement 2, and to amend Note 1 and Note
2, by removing the lock-up provisions as provided therein and allowing the unpaid principal and accrued interest on Note 1 and Note
2 to convert to Old Foxx common stock immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination. New Bay also subscribed for a new
promissory note Note 3 in the principal amount of 2 million under the same terms and conditions as amended Note
1 and Note 2 (collectively, the New Bay Notes ). 

On March 15, 2024, Old
Foxx and New Bay amended the terms of the Note 1 and Note 2 accordingly and New Bay subscribed for a new promissory note Note
3 in the principal amount of 2 million under the same terms and conditions as amended Note 1 and Note 2 (collectively New
Bay Notes ). 

On February 20, 2024, New Bay introduced Old Foxx to BR Technologies
PTE, Ltd. BR Technologies ), a Singapore-based company. On May 30, 2024, Old Foxx, BR Technologies and Grazyna
Plawinski Limited, a Singapore-based company Grazyna ), entered into a securities purchase agreement for issuance of
promissory notes in the amount of up to 9.0 million with an interest rate of 7 per annum under the same terms and conditions as
provided in the New Bay Notes. A promissory note was issued by Old Foxx to BR (the Note 4 in the principal amount of 6
million and promissory notes issued by Old Foxx to Grazyna (the Note 5 in the total principal amount of 3 million on September
12, 2024. 

Immediately prior to the Closing, all the accrued and unpaid principal
and interests on the New Bay Notes, Note 4, and Note 5 were converted into: (x) 212,050 shares of Old Foxx common stock for the New Bay
Notes, (y) 200,882 shares of Old Foxx common stock for Note 4, and (z) 100,690 share of Old Foxx common stock for Note 5, at a price of
 30.00 per share. At the Closing, all of the converted shares of Old Foxx common stock were cancelled in exchange for the holders 
pro rata share of the Closing Payment Shares using the exchange ratio of 3.3033, resulting in (x) 700,473 shares of our Common Stock issued
to New Bay, (y) 663,581 shares of our Common Stock issued to BR Technologies, and (z) 332,614 shares of our Common Stock issued to Grazyna. 

Key Factors that Affect Operating Results 

We believe the key factors
affecting our financial condition and results of operations include the following: 

Retention of Key Management Team Members 

One of the key differentiating
factors of us is the rich blended nature of our management team. Our management team comprises executives with extensive experience in
electronics industry with IoT services related experiences. The wide array of industry experience captured by our management team allows
us to deliver advanced technology and superior products to our customers. Losing any member of our key executive team could significantly
impact the quality of services and products that we currently offer. Such departures may prompt customers to explore alternative products
or IoT cloud platforms offered by different vendors or service providers. 

Investment in technology and talent 

We invest significant resources
in outsourcing partnerships and dedicates efforts to research and develop new products, solutions, agent platforms, and related services.
This commitment is essential to uphold our competitiveness in the industry, especially in the realm of IoT services. Advancing technology
and enhancing capabilities are pivotal for enterprise growth, necessitating continual progress in electronic product technologies, novel
services, and expanded capabilities. 

29 

To maintain and expand our
customer base, we must sustain a culture of innovation that aligns with the industry s evolution. This entails continuously introducing
cutting-edge technologies to the market. Our current focus in research and development revolves around bolstering comprehensive communication,
storage, and energy solutions, as well as advancing 5G technology. This includes areas such as baseband development, Radio Frequency (RF)
layout optimization, Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) integration, and rigorous system testing. 

Our ability to expand our products and services
and diversifying customer base 

Currently, our main revenue
stream originates from the sale of tablets and mobile phones. As brand recognition and acceptance grow, we anticipate a surge in user
adoption of our wireless services and intelligence products. Our capacity to broaden our products portfolio, offer new services and attract
a more diversified customer base could significantly influence our future operating results. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 

For the Three Months September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 

Revenues, net 
 23,112,052 
 - 
 23,112,052 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 22,713,876 
 - 
 22,713,876 
 100.0 
 
 Gross profit 
 398,176 
 - 
 398,176 
 100.0 
 
 Operating expenses 

Selling expense 
 1,215,042 
 208,276 
 1,006,766 
 483.4 
 
 General, and administrative expense 
 961,247 
 303,334 
 657,913 
 216.9 
 
 Research and development related party 
 22,792 
 - 
 22,792 
 100.0 
 
 Research and development 
 7,028 
 - 
 7,028 
 100.0 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,807,933 
 (511,610 
 (1,296,323 
 253.4 
 
 Other expense, net 
 (458,856 
 (35,221 
 (423,635 
 1,202.8 
 
 Provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.0 
 
 Net loss 
 (2,266,789 
 (546,831 
 (1,719,958 
 314.5 

Revenues 

Our revenue primarily derived from sales of electronic products. The
total revenues increased by approximately 23.1 million, or 100.0 , to approximately 23.1 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 as compared to 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of the total revenue was mainly attributable
to the sales from two new wholesale customers who aggregately accounted for 88 of our sales. 

Our revenues from our revenue
categories are summarized as follows: 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Tablet products 
 4,755 
 - 
 
 Mobile phone products 
 23,107,297 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 23,112,052 
 - 

Tablet product sales were insignificant in our operations for the three
months ended September 30, 2024. Revenue from the sales of tablets increased by approximately 5,000, or 100.0 , to approximately 5,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 0 for the same period in 2023. Revenue from sales of phones increased by approximately
 23.1 million, or 100.0 , to approximately 23.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 0 for the same
period in 2023 as we rolled out some new phone products beginning in January 2024 and the sales from two new wholesale customers who aggregately
accounted for 88 of our sales. 

30 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Our cost of goods sold mainly
consists of cost of merchandise and freight. Total cost of goods sold increased by approximately 22.7 million, or 100.0 , to approximately
 22.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The
increase in cost of goods sold is a direct result of an increase in our revenue, consistent with the acquisition of our two new wholesale
customers as discussed above for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. 

Our cost of goods sold from
their revenue categories are summarized as follows: 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Tablet products 
 4,670 
 - 
 
 Mobile phone products 
 22,709,206 
 - 
 
 Total cost of goods sold 
 22,713,876 
 - 

Our cost of goods sold for
tables increased by approximately 5,000, or 100.0 , to approximately 5,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 0 for
the same period in 2023. Cost of goods sold for mobile phone products increased by approximately 22.7 million, or 100.0 , to approximately
 22.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 0 for the same period in 2023, which is consistent with the direct
result of an increase in our revenue. 

Gross Profit 

Our gross profit increased
by approximately 0.4 million, or 100.0 , to approximately 0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from
 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Our gross profit from their
major revenue categories is summarized as follows: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change ) 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 

Tablet products 

Gross profit 
 85 
 - 
 85 
 100.0 
 
 Gross profit percentage 
 1.8 
 0.0 
 1.8 

Mobile phone products 

Gross profit 
 398,091 
 - 
 398,091 
 100.0 
 
 Gross profit percentage 
 1.7 
 0.0 
 1.7 

Total 

Gross profit 
 398,176 
 - 
 398,176 
 100.0 
 
 Gross profit percentage 
 1.7 
 0.0 
 1.7 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, our overall gross profit percentage was 1.7 . We did not generate any revenues and gross profit for the three months
ended September 30, 2023. 

31 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses
increased by approximately 1.7 million, or 331.2 , to approximately 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from approximately
 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Our operating expenses are
summarized as follows: 

For the Three Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 

Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 
 1,215,042 
 208,276 
 1,006,766 
 483.4 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 961,247 
 303,334 
 657,913 
 216.9 
 
 Research and development related party 
 22,792 
 - 
 22,792 
 100.0 
 
 Research and development 
 7,028 
 - 
 7,028 
 100.0 
 
 Total operating expense 
 2,206,109 
 511,610 
 1,694,499 
 331.2 

The increase in operating
expense was mainly attributed to the following: 

Selling Expenses 

Selling expenses increased,
approximately 1.0 million, or 483.4 , to approximately 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from approximately
 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increased selling expenses was mainly attributable to approximately
 0.6 million increase in commission, payroll and payroll related expense as we recruited and hired more salespersons to our team during
the three months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 0.2 million increase in consulting fees, as the Company engaged additional sales
consultant to enhance our sales efforts, approximately 0.1 million increase in warranty expenses due to the increase in sales, and approximately
 0.1 million increase in sampling, testing and certification expenses, which all directly related with boosting the brand awareness, adding
new product models, and to attract more business opportunities in the electronic devices market during the three months ended September
30, 2024. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative
expenses increased approximately 0.7 million, or 216.9 , to approximately 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30,
2024 from approximately 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increased general and administrative expense
were mainly attributable to the approximately 0.2 million increase in non-capitalized initial public offering related expense on
audit and accounting fees, approximately 0.3 million increase in salary and wages as we made more new hires during the three months
ended September 30, 2024, and approximately 0.2 million increase in other general and administrative miscellaneous expenses, such
as rent expense, travel expense, and office expense due to increased expenses in the increased of our operations. We anticipate a continued
rise in our SG A as we persist in executing our business expansion plan and integrating IoT-enabled devices alongside our cloud platform
to streamline operations in 2024 and 2025. 

Research and Development related
party 

Research and development R D expenses from a related
party increased by approximately 23,000, or 100.0 , where the increase was primarily due to an R D project began in 2024. During
the three months ended September 30, 2024, a related party completed additional 10 of the remaining 5G development project pursuant to
a R D agreement between us and the related party, and we recognized a R D expense approximately of 23,000 accordingly based on
the progression of the R D project. We expect our R D expenses will continue to go up as we will need to development our IoT and
MVNO capabilities products and to finish our development of the 5G products in 2024 and 2025. 

Research and Development 

R D expenses increased
by approximately 7,000, or 100.0 , from 0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 7,000 for the same period in 2024. The increase
is due to an AI hardware development service provided by a third party during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

32 

Other expense, net 

Our other expense, net is
summarized as follows: 

For the Three Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change ) 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 

Other expense 

Interest expense 
 (408,995 
 (39,336 
 (369,659 
 939.7 
 
 Other income, net 
 - 
 4,115 
 (4,115 
 (100.0 
 
 Change in fair value of earnout liabilities 
 (49,861 
 - 
 (49,861 
 100.0 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 (458,856 
 (35,221 
 (423,635 
 1,202.8 

Total other expense, net
increased by approximately 0.4 million, or 1,202.8 , to approximately 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from approximately
 35,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to interest expenses incurred related to three convertible
promissory notes issued in November 2023, March 2024 and September 2024, the interest expenses incurred related to the financing
offered by one of our vendors based upon the timing of our payment to their accounts payable, and the change in fair value of earnout
liabilities in connection with the Business Combination. 

Provision for income taxes 

The provision for income
taxes are 0 for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as we had made full allowance of our deferred tax assets on
net operating losses. 

Net Loss 

Net loss increased by approximately
 1.7 million, or 314.5 , to approximately 2.2 million of net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from approximately
 0.5 million net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Such change was mainly due to the reasons discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

In assessing liquidity, we
monitor and analyses cash on-hand and operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity needs are to meet working capital requirements,
operating expenses, and capital expenditure obligations. Debt financing in the form of convertible promissory note and cash generated
from operations have been utilized to finance working capital requirements. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 9.2 million, while we had working capital deficit of approximately 0.4 million
and accumulated deficit of approximately 13.3 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had net loss of approximately
 2.2 million and net operating cash outflow of approximately 0.2 million. 

33 

If we are unable to generate
sufficient funds to finance the working capital requirements within the normal operating cycle of a twelve-month period from the date
of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued, we may have to consider supplementing our available sources of
funds through the following sources: 

Other available sources
of financing from banks, other financial institutions or private lenders; 

Financial support and credit guarantee commitments from our related parties; and 

Equity financing. 

Our management has determined
that the factors discussed above have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after
the date that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The following summarizes
the key components of cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (243,459 
 (1,387,649 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (35,000 
 (4,144 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 28,283,012 
 (205,824 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 28,004,553 
 (1,597,617 

Operating activities 

Net cash used in
operating activities was approximately 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and was primarily
attributable to (i) approximately 2.2 million net loss, (ii) approximately 12.1 million increased in accounts
receivable due to the increase of credit sales during the period, (iii) approximately 2.8 million increased in
inventories because we stored more inventories to meet the demand of our anticipated sales orders, (iv) approximately
 0.6 million increased in security deposit because we rented more office space, (v) approximately 0.5 million decreased
in contract liabilities aligned with the increase of inventory, and (vi) approximately 0.2 million increased in prepaid
expenses and other current assets due to our prepaid rent payment in connection with our warehouse lease to be commenced in February
2025. The cash outflow was offset by (vii) non-cash expenses of approximately 0.3 million, which includes depreciation,
accrued interest expenses incurred from the convertible notes, change in fair value of earnouts and amortization of operating
right-of-use assets, (viii) approximately 17.9 million increased in accounts payable due to purchase of more inventories with
vendors to meet customer demand, and (ix) approximately 0.2 million increased in other payables and accrued liabilities mainly
due to accrued professional fees that associated with business expansion, such as consulting fees, testing fees and legal fees. 

Net cash used in operating
activities was approximately 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and was primarily attributable to (i) approximately
 0.5 million net loss, (ii) approximately 1.0 million increased in contract assets due to engagement with new vendors
which required purchase deposits to secure relevant transactions, and (iii) approximately 0.5 million increased in inventories
due to change in our business strategy where we rented warehouse in the U.S. to store our inventories. The cash outflow was offset
by (iv) non-cash expenses of approximately 45,000, which includes depreciation and accrued interest expenses incurred from our convertible
notes, and (v) approximately 0.6 million increased in contract liabilities due to a higher number of sales orders that had not yet been
fulfilled but with advance payments made by customers to us to reserve products. 

34 

Investing activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately 35,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, attributable to the purchase of an automobile for
our business uses. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately 4,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, attributable to purchase of a computer and furniture. 

Financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 28.3 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2024, mainly attributable to approximately 19.7 million proceeds from the reverse recapitalization
and 9.0 million proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory notes, offset by the repayment of short-term loans of approximately
 0.3 million and approximately 0.1 million in payments of deferred transaction costs. 

Net cash used in financing
activities was approximately 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to approximately
 0.1 million in payments of deferred transaction costs and approximately 0.1 million in the repayment of related party loans. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024,
we have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to our members. 

Critical Accounting Estimate 

The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates are based
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis of making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
We have identified certain accounting estimates that are critical to the preparation of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s
current judgments. We believe that the critical accounting estimates, assumptions, and judgments that have the most significant impact
on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are described below. 

Income Taxes 

We record deferred tax assets
and liabilities based on the net tax effects of tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, and temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes compared to the amounts used for income tax purposes. We regularly
review our deferred tax assets for recoverability with consideration for such factors as historical losses, projected future taxable income,
and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management believes the deferred tax assets, based largely
on the history of tax losses, warrant a full valuation allowance based on the weight of available negative evidence. Currently, the key
factor on our assumption of providing 100 valuation allowance was purely based on our historical operating losses. Once we began generating
profit, we will re-evaluate whether providing 100 valuation allowance is appropriate or if we can reassess such number. 

35 

Earnout Liabilities 

At the closing of the Business Combination, pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, the shareholders of Old Foxx were entitled to receive up to a total of 4,200,000 contingent earnout
shares Earnout Shares in the form of our common stock. The Earnout Shares will be issued upon certain vesting schedules
based on our financial performance for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and 2025. The Earnout Shares are classified as a liability
at the closing of the Business Combination on September 26, 2024 and measured at fair value at each reporting period, with changes in
fair value included in the consolidated statements of operations. 

When determining the fair value measurements for earnout liabilities
which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company
would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the earnout liabilities
arising from the Business Combination. 

The Company developed a Monte Carlo Model that values the earnout subject
revenue milestones. The Monte Carlo Model technique applied generates many possible (but random) price paths for the underlying(s) via
simulation, and then calculates the associated payment value of the security features. The price of the underlying common stock is modeled
such that it follows a geometric Brownian motion with constant drift, and constant volatility. The stock price is determined by a random
sampling from a normal distribution. Since the underlying random process is the same, for enough price paths, the value of security is
derived from path dependent scenarios and outcomes. 

The model simulates the underlying economic factors, including the
projected revenue that influenced which of these events would occur, when they were likely to occur, and the specific terms that would
be in effect at the time (i.e., stock price, revenue, etc.). Probabilities were assigned to each variable such as the timing and pricing
of events over the term of the instruments based on management projections. This led to a cash flow simulation over the life of the instrument.
A discounted cash flow was completed to determine the value for the earnout liabilities. 

Prior to the Business Combination, we were a private company and lacked
company-specific historical and implied volatility information of its stock, and as such, the expected revenue volatility was based on
historical volatility of industry outlook and the expected revenue volatility and stock volatility was based on the historical volatility
of publicly traded peer companies for a term equal to the remaining expected term of the earnout period. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ).
Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us required to be disclosed in our Commission reports
(i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Commission rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company s former management abandoned all operations for several years, and only recently
did the Company appoint new management to make filings with the Commission on behalf of the Company. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

36 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. Currently, we are not a party to
any material legal proceedings or subject to any material claims. The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty,
and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management
resources, and other factors. 

Item
1a. Risk Factors 

For a discussion of our risk factors, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk
Factors of the 2024 10-K. The risks and uncertainties that we face are not limited to those set forth in the 10-K. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business and the
trading price of our securities. There have been no material changes to the Company s risk factors since the filing of the 2024
10-K. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

. 

Item
6. Exhibits 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal financial and accounting officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal financial and accounting officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

filed
 herewith 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

Foxx Development Holdings Inc. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Greg Foley 

Greg Foley 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

Chairwoman and 
Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022059501ex31-1_foxx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Greg Foley, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Foxx Development
Holdings Inc.: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Greg Foley 

Greg Foley 

CEO 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022059501ex31-2_foxx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Joy Yi Hua, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Foxx Development
Holdings Inc.: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

CFO 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022059501ex32-1_foxx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies,
in his capacity as an officer of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended on September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Greg Foley 

Greg Foley 

CEO 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022059501ex32-2_foxx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certifies,
in her capacity as an officer of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of her knowledge: 

(1) The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended on September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

Joy Yi Hua 

Joy Yi Hua 

CFO 

(Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 foxx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 foxx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 foxx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 foxx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 foxx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

