<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_842023_0001558370-24-014439.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10149030</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83224</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1334606</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3724694</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1556648</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3115137</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014439.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105163130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014439
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIO-TECHNE Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000842023
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				411427402
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17272
		FILM NUMBER:		241427978

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		614 MCKINLEY PL N E
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55413
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123798854

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		614 MCKINLEY PLACE NE
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55413

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHNE CORP /MN/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014439.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 tech-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 

 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended , or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 

 BIO-TECHNE CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b- 2). Yes No At October 31, 2024, shares of the Company's Common Stock (par value 0.01) were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 1 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 30 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 30 PART II: OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 30 Item 1A. Risk Factors 30 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 30 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 31 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 31 Item 5. Other Information 31 Item 6. Exhibits 32 SIGNATURES 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries (in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) 

Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross margin Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense) ) Earnings before income taxes Income taxes ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation income (loss) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments - cash flow hedges, net of tax amounts disclosed in Note 8 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 1 

Table of Contents 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 2024 June 30, (unaudited) 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term available-for-sale investments Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively Inventories Current assets held-for-sale Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Salaries, wages and related accruals Accrued expenses Contract liabilities Income taxes payable Operating lease liabilities - current Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term debt obligations Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Bio-Techne s Shareholders equity: Undesignated capital stock, par; authorized shares; issued or outstanding Common stock, par value per share; authorized ; issued and outstanding and respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Bio-Techne s shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries (in thousands) (unaudited) 

Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Costs recognized on sale of acquired inventory Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Fair value adjustment to contingent consideration payable ) Fair value adjustment on available-for-sale investments ) (Gain) Loss on equity method investment ) Asset impairment restructuring Leases, net Other operating activity Change in operating assets and operating liabilities, net of acquisition: Trade accounts and other receivables, net Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, contract liabilities, and other ) ) Salaries, wages and related accruals ) ) Income taxes payable ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale investments Additions to property and equipment ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Distributions from (Investments in) Wilson Wolf Investment in Spear Bio ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Cash dividends ) ) Proceeds from stock option exercises Borrowings under line-of-credit agreement Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Taxes paid on RSUs and net share settlements ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries (unaudited) operating segments, Protein Sciences and Diagnostics and Spatial Biology (formerly Diagnostics and Genomics). The name change is intended to better reflect the focus and scope of our offerings. The manner in which we operate our business and review discrete financial information did not change. Segment information presented herein reflects the updated name of the operating segment. The operating segments the Company operated under were consistent with the Company's operating segments disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024. million to enter into an investment in Spear Bio. This investment is accounted for under the cost-method as we own less than 20 of the outstanding stock and we concluded that we do not have significant influence. Under the cost-method, the fair value is not estimated if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. No such events or changes in circumstances were identified in the period ended September 30, 2024. The Company s total investment of million is included within Other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. In December 2021, the Company paid million to enter into a two-part forward contract which requires the Company to make an initial ownership investment followed by purchase of full equity interest in Wilson Wolf Corporation (Wilson Wolf) if certain annual revenue or annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) thresholds are met. Wilson Wolf is a leading manufacturer of cell culture devices, including the G-Rex product line. The first part of the forward contract is triggered upon Wilson Wolf achieving approximately million in annual revenue or million in EBITDA at any point prior to December 31, 2027. During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company determined that Wilson Wolf had met the EBITDA target. On March 31, 2023, the Company paid an additional million to acquire of Wilson Wolf. Since the first part of the forward contract has been triggered, the second part of the forward contract will automatically trigger, and requires the Company to acquire the remaining equity interest in Wilson Wolf on December 31, 2027 based on a revenue multiple of approximately times trailing twelve month revenue. The second part of the contract would be accelerated in advance of December 31, 2027, if Wilson Wolf meets its second milestone of approximately million in annual revenue or million in annual EBITDA. If the second milestone is achieved, the forward contract requires the Company to pay approximately billion plus potential consideration for revenue in excess of the revenue milestone. The investment in Wilson Wolf is accounted for as an equity method investment under ASC 323. The Company initially records its equity method investments at the amount of the Company s investment and adjusts each period for the Company s share of the investee s income or loss and dividends paid. Distributions from the equity method investee are accounted for using the cumulative earnings approach on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there was million of gain recorded on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income related to the investment. The Company s total investment of million is included within Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 Selling, general and administrative (1) Total (1) Restructuring actions impacting research and development are not material to separately disclose and have been included within Selling, general and administrative costs. Restructuring and restructuring-related costs by segment are as follows (in thousands): 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 Employee Asset-related severance and other Total Protein Sciences Diagnostics and Spatial Biology Corporate Total The following table summarizes the changes in the Company s accrued restructuring balance, which is included within Other current liabilities in the accompanying balance sheet. Other amounts reported as restructuring and restructuring-related costs in the accompanying statements of income have been summarized in the notes to the table (in thousands): 

Employee Asset severance (1) impairment and other (2) Total Expense incurred in the first quarter of 2025 Cash payments ) ) Non-cash adjustments ) ) Accrued restructuring actions balance as of September 30, 2024 (1) Relates to impacted employees final paycheck, separation payments, outplacement services, legal fees, and retention packages related to the closure or relocation of certain manufacturing sites. (2) Primarily relates to impairment of intangibles and inventory as a result of the closure and relocation of certain manufacturing sites. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Fiscal Year 2024 Restructuring Actions: In the second quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company announced enterprise-wide restructuring focused on recovering operating margins, optimizing our distribution footprint, and enhancing our organization efficiency. These actions impacted approximately of our global workforce. These actions continued through the first quarter of fiscal 2025 as we incurred charges relating to our business held-for-sale and consulting fees related to optimizing efficiency. The Company is expecting to incur costs related to these actions through the second quarter of fiscal 2025, which will be recorded when specified criteria are met. As part of these actions, certain assets and liabilities associated with a disposal group in our Protein Sciences segment were classified as held-for-sale as of December 31, 2023, including million of goodwill allocated to the disposal group on a relative fair value basis. As a result of impairment tests performed over the disposal group during fiscal 2024, a cumulative impairment charge of million which includes the allocated goodwill, was recorded in the Selling, general and administrative line in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the year ended June 30, 2024. There were impairment charges related to the disposal group during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the assets remaining within the disposal group primarily include inventory and property and equipment of million, which is net of expected selling costs. These assets are actively marketed, and we believe their sale will be completed within 12 months of the held-for-sale classification date. The held-for-sale assets are recorded in Current assets held-for-sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. Total (1) Restructuring actions impacting research and development are not material to separately disclose and have been included within Selling, general and administrative costs. Restructuring and restructuring-related costs by segment are as follows (in thousands): 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 Employee Asset-related severance and other Total Protein Sciences Diagnostics and Spatial Biology Corporate ) Total 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Incremental expense incurred in the third quarter of 2024 Incremental expense incurred in the fourth quarter of 2024 Cash payments ) ) ) Non-cash adjustments ) ) ) Adjustments (3) Accrued restructuring actions balance as of June 30, 2024 Incremental expense incurred in the first quarter of 2025 Cash payments ) ) ) Accrued restructuring actions balance as of September 30, 2024 (1) Relates to impacted employees final paycheck, separation payments, outplacement services, legal fees, and retention packages related to the closure or sale of certain distribution and manufacturing sites. (2) Primarily relates to impairment of right-of-use-assets, lease termination fees, consulting fees, and expenses for changes to supporting IT systems that are enabling the Company to complete the restructuring initiatives. (3) Relates to the refinement of the accrual recorded in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Protein Sciences realignment In December 2022, the Company informed employees it would undertake certain actions to strategically reallocate operations resources to high growth areas of the business. Additional actions were taken in June 2023 primarily related to the sales organization. The actions impacted a limited number of employees and were completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. As a result of the realignment, a pre-tax charge of million related to employee severance was recorded in the Selling, general and administrative line of operating income within our Protein Sciences segment during the year ended June 30, 2023. Adjustments in fiscal year 2024 relate to the refinement of employee severance payouts. Additional pre-tax charges for the year ended June 30, 2024 were million. Fiscal year 2024 cash payments ) First quarter fiscal year 2024 adjustments (1) Second quarter fiscal year 2024 adjustments (1) Accrued restructuring actions balance as of June 30, 2024 (1) Fiscal year 2024 adjustments relate to the refinement of the accrual recorded in fiscal year 2023. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 shares of outstanding vested stock options related to former employees expired which have now been excluded from the Company s dilutive EPS calculation for the period ended September 30, 2024. The expiration date of these options is currently under dispute. The total net pre-tax value of these options on the expiration date was approximately million. As of September 30, the matter is under review and the Company is unable to estimate any future exposure related to this matter at this time. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company recognized million of certain litigation charges. There was comparable activity in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. As of each of the balance sheet dates presented, there was accrued litigation. The ultimate cost to the Company with respect to accrued litigation could be materially different than the amount of the current estimates and accruals and could have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated earnings, financial position, and/or cash flows. The Company includes accrued litigation in Other current liabilities and Other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. While it is not possible to predict the outcome for most of the legal matters discussed below, the Company believes it is possible that the costs associated with these matters could have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated earnings, financial position, and/or cash flows. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. Contract liabilities as of June 30, 2024 subsequently recognized as revenue during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 were approximately million. Contract liabilities as of June 30, 2023 subsequently recognized as revenue during the quarter ended September 30, 2023 were approximately million. Contract liabilities in excess of one year are included in Other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Any claims for credit or return of goods must be made within 10 days of receipt. Revenues are reduced to reflect estimated credits and returns. Although the amounts recorded for these revenue deductions are dependent on estimates and assumptions, historically our adjustments to actual results have not been material. Taxes collected from customers relating to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue. Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling are included in revenue, while the related shipping and handling costs are reflected in cost of products. We elected the practical expedient that allows us to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as a fulfillment cost, and we accrue costs of shipping and handling when the related revenue is recognized. The following tables present our disaggregated revenue for the periods presented. Instruments Services Total product and services revenue, net Royalty revenues Total revenues, net 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 EMEA, excluding United Kingdom United Kingdom APAC, excluding Greater China Greater China Rest of World Net sales Finished goods (1) Inventories, net (1) Finished goods inventory of and is included within Other Assets in the September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively, as it is forecasted to be sold after the 12 months subsequent to the consolidated balance sheet date. Property and Equipment: Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Property and equipment, cost Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Tradenames Customer relationships Patents Other intangibles Definite-lived intangible assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Total intangible assets, net Other additions Amortization expense ) Restructuring impairment ) Currency translation Ending balance 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Goodwill: Currency translation September 30, 2024 We evaluate the carrying value of goodwill in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and between annual evaluations if events occur or circumstances change that would indicate a possible impairment. The Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment for all of its reporting units during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. No indicators of impairment were identified as part of our assessment. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Derivative instruments Long-term inventory Investment in Spear Bio Other Other assets million, in a cash-free, debt-free acquisition. Lunaphore is a leading developer of fully automated spatial biology solutions. The Lunaphore acquisition adds spatial biology instruments to Bio-Techne s portfolio to accelerate our leadership position in translational and clinical research markets. The transaction was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The goodwill recorded as a result of the acquisition represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company s product portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market penetration. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The business became part of the Diagnostics and Spatial Biology operating segment in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. The allocation of purchase price consideration related to Lunaphore was completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. Equipment and other long-term assets Intangible assets: Developed technologies Tradenames Customer relationships Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities Deferred income taxes, net Net assets acquired Cash paid 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Tangible assets and liabilities acquired were recorded at fair value on the date of close based on management's assessment. The purchase price allocated to developed technology and customer relationships was based on management s forecasted cash inflows and outflows and using a multiperiod excess earnings method to calculate the fair value of assets purchased. The purchase price allocated to trade names was based on management's forecasted cash inflows and outflows and using a relief from royalty method. The amount recorded for developed technology is being amortized with the expense reflected in cost of goods sold in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The amortization period for developed technology is . Amortization expense related to customer relationships is reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The amortization period for customer relationships is . The amount recorded for trade names is being amortized with the expense reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The amortization period for trade names ranges from to . The net deferred income tax liability represents the net amount of the estimated future impact of adjustments for costs to be recognized as intangible asset amortization, which is not deductible for income tax purposes, offset by the deferred tax asset for the calculation of acquired net operating losses. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments - cash flow hedges Other assets Total assets Liabilities Derivatives designated as hedging instruments - cash flow hedges Other long-term liabilities Derivatives designated as hedging instruments - net investment hedge Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities 

Total carrying value as of Fair Value Measurements Using Balance Sheet Location June 30, Inputs Considered as 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Certificates of deposit (1) Short-term available-for-sale investments Derivatives designated as hedging instruments - cash flow hedges Other current assets Derivatives designated as hedging instruments - cash flow hedges Other assets Total assets Liabilities Derivatives designated as hedging instruments - net investment hedge Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities (1) The certificates of deposit have contractual maturity dates within one year. Fair value measurements of derivative instruments The Company utilizes forward starting swaps designated as a cash flow hedge on forecasted debt. The forward starting swaps reduce the variability of cash flow payments for the Company by converting the variable interest rate on the Company s forecasted variable 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Cross-currency swap (2) Net investment hedge (1) In May 2021, the Company entered into a forward starting swap designated as a cash flow hedge on forecasted debt based on million of notional principal. The effective date of the swap was November 2022 with the full swap maturing in November 2025. In March 2023, the Company entered into a forward starting swap designated as a cash flow hedge on forecasted debt based on million of notional principal. The effective date of the swap was April 2023 with the full swap maturing in April 2025. In August 2024, the Company entered into a new forward starting swap designated as a cash flow hedge on forecasted debt based on million of notional principal that will go into effect in April 2025 to replace a swap that matures in April 2025. The effective date of the new swap is April 2025 with the full swap maturing in April 2026. (2) In July 2023, the Company entered into a pay-fixed rate, receive-fixed rate cross-currency swap contract with a total notional amount of million that was designated as a hedge to lock in the Swiss franc (CHF) rate for a portion of the Company's CHF net investment in its Lunaphore subsidiary in Switzerland. The objective of the hedge is to protect the net investment in the Company's CHF-denominated operations against changes in the spot exchange rates, on a pre-tax basis. The hedging instrument has remaining interim settlement dates, which will reduce the notional on the hedging instrument by million at each interim date, and will reduce the notional to million at maturity. ) Net investment hedges Cross-currency swap ) Total ) 

(Gain) Loss Reclassified into Income Quarter Ended September 30, Location of (Gain) Loss 2024 2023 in Income Statement Cash flow hedges Forward starting swaps ) ) Interest expense Net investment hedges Cross-currency swap ) ) Interest expense Total ) ) 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 Gains or losses related to the net investment hedges are classified as foreign currency translation adjustments in the schedule of changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI in Note 8, as these items are attributable to the Company s hedges of its net investment in foreign operations. Gains or losses related to the cash flow hedges are classified as Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges in the schedule of changes in AOCI in Note 8. Fair value measurements of other financial instruments The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. Cash and cash equivalents, certificates of deposit, accounts receivable, and accounts payable The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these items. Long-term debt The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for the amount drawn on our line-of-credit facility and long-term debt approximates fair value because our interest rate is variable and reflects current market rates. billion, which can be increased by an additional million subject to certain conditions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and expenditures of the Company and its subsidiaries, including financing permitted acquisitions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate. The current outstanding debt is based on the one-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is determined from the total leverage ratio of the Company and updated on a quarterly basis. The annualized fee for any unused portion of the credit facility is currently basis points. The Credit Agreement matures on August 31, 2027 and contains customary restrictive and financial covenants and customary events of default. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance under the Credit Agreement was million. million in variable lease expense and million relating to fixed lease expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 Current operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities - current Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): Weighted average discount rate ): Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Less: Amounts representing interest Total lease obligations Certain leases include one or more options to renew, with terms that extend the lease term up to . Bio-Techne includes the option to renew the lease as part of the right of use lease asset and liability when it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise the option. In addition, certain leases contain fair value purchase and termination options with an associated penalty. In general, Bio-Techne is not reasonably certain to exercise such options. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) Common stock issued for exercise of options ) Common stock issued for restricted stock awards ) ) Cash dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued to employee stock purchase plan Employee stock purchase plan expense Balances at September 30, 2024 ) 

Bio-Techne Shareholders Accumulated Additional Other Common Stock Paid-in Retained Comprehensive Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income(Loss) Total Balances at June 30, 2023 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Common stock issued for exercise of options ) ) Common stock issued for restricted stock awards ) ) Cash dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued to employee stock purchase plan Employee stock purchase plan expense Balances at September 30, 2023 ) 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Amounts before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified out Total other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of September 30, 2024, net of tax ) ) 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands): Unrealized Gains Foreign (Losses) on Currency Derivative Translation Instruments Adjustments Total Balance as of June 30, 2023 net of tax: ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Amounts before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified out ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023, net of tax ) ) The Company had a net deferred tax liability for its cash flow hedges of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Income taxes are not provided for foreign translation relating to permanent investments in international subsidiaries, but tax effects within foreign currency translation adjustments do include impacts from the net investment hedge. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 Income allocated to participating securities ) ) Income available to common shareholders Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted: Net earnings Income allocated to participating securities ) ) Income available to common shareholders Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock units Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted Earnings per share diluted The dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock units in the above table excludes all options for which the aggregate exercise proceeds exceeded the average market price for the period. The number of potentially dilutive option shares excluded from the calculation was million and million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. million and million stock options at weighted average grant prices of and and weighted average fair values of and , respectively. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company granted and restricted stock units at a weighted average fair value of and , respectively. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did t grant restricted common stock shares. Stock options for and shares of common stock with total intrinsic values of million and million were exercised during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense, inclusive of payroll taxes, of million and million was included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively. Additionally, the Company recognized million of stock-based compensation costs in cost of goods sold during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to million in the comparative prior year period. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, non-vested restricted stock units and non-vested restricted stock. The weighted average period over which the compensation cost is expected to be recognized is years. 

 20 

Table of Contents) ) Interest income Gain (loss) on investment (1) Gain (loss) on equity method investment ) Other non-operating income (expense), net ) Total other income (expense) ) (1) Primarily due to a million gain on the sale of our exchange traded investment grade bond funds during the quarter ended September 30, 2023. and ) , respectively, of consolidated earnings before income taxes, inclusive of discrete items. The change in the Company s tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 was driven by a mix of net income and timing of discrete items. The Company recognized total net benefits related to discrete tax items of million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to million during the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Share-based compensation excess tax benefit contributed million in the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to million in the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The Company recognized total other immaterial net discrete tax expense of million in the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to million of other immaterial net discrete tax benefit in the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Diagnostics and Spatial Biology Other revenue (1) Intersegment ) ) Consolidated net sales Operating income: Protein Sciences Diagnostics and Spatial Biology Segment operating income Costs recognized on sale of acquired inventory ) ) Amortization of intangibles ) ) Acquisition related expenses and other ) Certain litigation charges ) Stock based compensation, inclusive of employer taxes ) ) Restructuring and restructuring-related costs ) ) Corporate general, selling, and administrative expenses ) ) Impact of business held-for-sale (1) Consolidated operating income (1) Includes the quarterly results of a business that has met the held-for-sale criteria since December 31, 2023. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following management discussion and analysis MD A provides information that we believe is useful in understanding our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. We provide quantitative information about the material sales drivers including the effect of acquisitions and changes in foreign currency at the corporate and segment level. We also provide quantitative information about discrete tax items and other significant factors we believe are useful for understanding our results. The MD A should be read in conjunction with both the unaudited condensed consolidated financial information and related notes included in this Form 10-Q, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. This discussion contains various Non-GAAP Financial Measures and also contains various Forward-Looking Statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We refer readers to the statements entitled Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Forward-Looking Information and Cautionary Statements located at the end of Item 2 of this report. OVERVIEW Bio-Techne and its subsidiaries, collectively doing business as Bio-Techne Corporation (Bio-Techne, we, our, us or the Company) develop, manufacture and sell biotechnology reagents, instruments and services for the research and clinical diagnostic markets worldwide. With our deep product portfolio and application expertise, we sell integral components of scientific investigations into biological processes and molecular diagnostics, revealing the nature, diagnosis, etiology and progression of specific diseases. Our products aid in drug discovery efforts and provide the means for accurate clinical tests and diagnoses. We are committed to providing the life sciences community with innovative, high-quality scientific tools that allow our customers to make extraordinary discoveries and treat and diagnose diseases. We intend to build on Bio-Techne s past accomplishments, high product quality reputation and sound financial position by executing strategies that position us to serve as the standard for biological content in the research market, and to leverage that leadership position to enter the diagnostics and other adjacent markets. The Company s strategic pillars for long-term growth and profitability are grow and leverage the core, capitalize on high potential markets, market expansion through innovation and acquisition, deliver best-in-class customer experience, and develop people through a transformative culture. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company operated under two operating segments, Protein Sciences and Diagnostics and Spatial Biology (formerly Diagnostics and Genomics). The name change is intended to better reflect the focus and scope of our offerings. The manner in which we operate our business and review discrete financial information did not change. Segment information presented herein reflects the updated name of the operating segment. The operating segments the Company operated under were consistent with the Company's operating segments disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024. Our Protein Sciences segment is a leading developer and manufacturer of high-quality purified proteins and reagent solutions, most notably cytokines and growth factors, antibodies, immunoassays, biologically active small molecule compounds, tissue culture reagents and T-Cell activation technologies. This segment also includes protein analysis solutions that offer researchers efficient and streamlined options for automated western blot and multiplexed ELISA workflow. Our Diagnostics and Spatial Biology segment develops and manufactures diagnostic products, including FDA-regulated controls, calibrators, blood gas and clinical chemistry controls and other reagents for OEM and clinical customers, as well as a portfolio of clinical molecular diagnostic oncology assays, including the ExoDx Prostate (IntelliScore) test (EPI) for prostate cancer diagnosis. This segment also manufactures and sells advanced tissue-based in-situ hybridization assays (ISH) for research and clinical use. RECENT ACQUISITIONS A key component of the Company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. The Company did not make any acquisitions during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Operational Update Consolidated net sales increased 5 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same prior year period. Organic growth for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 4 compared to the prior year, with foreign currency exchange impacting sales by approximately 1 . A business held-for-sale did not have a material impact. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated net earnings decreased to 33.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 51.0 million in the same prior year period. Net Sales Consolidated net sales for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 were 289.5 million, an increase of 5 compared to the same prior year period. Organic growth for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 4 compared to the prior year, with foreign currency exchange impacting sales by approximately 1 . A business held-for-sale did not have a material impact. Organic growth for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by broad based performance of our Diagnostics and Spatial Biology portfolio as well as strong growth in our GMP reagent offerings within our Protein Sciences segment. Gross Margins Consolidated gross margin for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 63.2 compared to 66.9 for the same prior year period. Under purchase accounting, inventory is valued at fair value less expected selling and marketing costs, resulting in reduced margins in future periods as the inventory is sold. Excluding the impact of costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory, amortization of intangibles, stock compensation expense, restructuring and restructuring-related costs, and the impact of a business held-for-sale, adjusted gross margin for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 69.5 compared to 71.3 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Fluctuations in consolidated gross margin and adjusted gross margin, as a percentage of sales, have primarily resulted from changes in product mix. We expect that, in the future, gross margins will continue to be impacted by the mix of our portfolio growing at different rates as well as future acquisitions. A reconciliation of the reported consolidated gross margin percentages, adjusted for acquired inventory sold, intangible amortization, stock compensation expense, restructuring and restructuring-related charges, and the impact of a business held-for-sale included in cost of sales, is as follows (in thousands): 

QUARTER ENDED 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Total consolidated net sales 289,458 276,935 Business held-for-sale 1) 2,303 Revenue from recurring operations 287,155 276,935 Gross margin - GAAP 183,017 185,191 Gross margin percentage - GAAP 63.2 66.9 Identified adjustments: Costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory 188 181 Amortization of intangibles 11,779 11,866 Stock-based compensation, inclusive of employer taxes 272 214 Restructuring and restructuring-related costs 4,898 Impact of business held-for-sale 1) (558) Adjusted gross margin 199,596 197,452 Adjusted gross margin percentage 2) 69.5 71.3 1) Includes the quarterly results of a business that has met the held-for-sale criteria since December 31, 2023. 2) Adjusted gross margin percentage excludes both 2,303 of revenue and 558 of gross margin for a business that has met the held-for-sale criteria since December 31, 2023. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 13 to 119.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 from the same prior year period. The increase in expense was due to restructuring and restructuring-related charges. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses decreased 1 to 23.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 from the same prior year period. The decrease in expense was due to cost management initiatives. Segment Results Protein Sciences 

Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net sales (in thousands) 204,535 204,655 Operating margin percentage 39.4 43.2 Protein Sciences net sales for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 204.5 million, which remained flat compared to the same respective prior year period. As of December 31, 2023, a business within the Protein Sciences segment met the criteria as held-for-sale; this held-for-sale business has been excluded from the segment s fiscal 2025 operating results. The exclusion of first quarter fiscal 2025 sales related to this held-for-sale business reduced sales by 1 . Organic growth for the segment was 1 , with foreign currency exchange having an immaterial impact. The operating margin was 39.4 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 43.2 in the comparative prior year period. The segment s operating margin was unfavorably impacted by product mix and re-instatement of incentive compensation accruals. Diagnostics and Spatial Biology (formerly Diagnostics and Genomics) 

Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net sales (in thousands) 83,192 72,797 Operating margin percentage 5.1 0.7 Diagnostics and Spatial Biology's net sales for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 83.2 million, with reported growth of 14 compared to the same respective prior year period. Organic revenue growth was 14 for the first quarter of fiscal 2025, with foreign currency exchange having an immaterial impact. The operating margin for the segment was 5.1 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.7 in the comparative prior year period. The segment s operating margin was favorably impacted due to volume leverage and productivity initiatives, partially offset by re-instatement of incentive compensation accruals. Income Taxes Income taxes were at an effective rate of 16.4 of consolidated earnings for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to (2.9) for the same respective prior year period. The change in the Company s tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a mix of net income and timing of discrete items. The forecasted tax rate as of the first fiscal quarter of 2025 before discrete items is 23.6 compared to the prior year forecasted tax rate before discrete items of 24.5 . Excluding the impact of discrete items, the Company expects the consolidated income tax rate for the remainder of fiscal 2025 to range from 23 to 27 . 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Net Earnings Non-GAAP adjusted consolidated net earnings are as follows (in thousands): 

QUARTER ENDED 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Net earnings before taxes - GAAP 40,171 49,558 Identified adjustments: Costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory 188 181 Amortization of intangibles 19,741 19,851 Amortization of Wilson Wolf intangible assets and acquired inventory 2,490 4,208 Acquisition related expenses and other 1,674 (442) Certain litigation charges 292 Stock-based compensation, inclusive of employer taxes 10,637 11,494 Restructuring and restructuring-related costs 11,022 89 Investment (gain) loss and other non-operating (283) Impact of business held-for-sale 1) (148) Net earnings before taxes - Adjusted 86,067 84,656 Non-GAAP tax rate 21.5 22.0 Non-GAAP tax expense 18,536 18,615 Non-GAAP adjusted net earnings 67,531 66,041 Earnings per share - diluted - Adjusted 0.42 0.41 (1) Since December 31, 2023, the Company has a business that has met the held-for-sale criteria. Depending on the nature of discrete tax items, our reported tax rate may not be consistent on a period-to-period basis. The Company independently calculates a non-GAAP adjusted tax rate considering the impact of discrete items and jurisdictional mix of the identified non-GAAP adjustments. The following table summarizes the reported GAAP tax rate and the effective non-GAAP adjusted tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

QUARTER ENDED 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 GAAP effective tax rate 16.4 (2.9) Discrete items 7.2 27.4 Long-term GAAP tax rate 23.6 24.5 Rate impact items Stock based compensation (2.8) (2.7) Other 0.7 0.2 Total rate impact items (2.1) (2.5) Non-GAAP adjusted tax rate 21.5 22.0 The difference between the reported GAAP tax rate and non-GAAP tax rate applied to the identified non-GAAP adjustments for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 is primarily a result of discrete tax items, including the tax benefit of stock option exercises. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments were 187.5 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 152.9 million as of June 30, 2024. Included in the available-for-sale-investments as of June 30, 2024 were certificates of deposit that have maturity dates within one year of 1.1 million. During the first fiscal quarter of 2025, the certificates of deposit reached maturity. The Company had no available-for-sale investments as of September 30, 2024. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 The Company has a line-of-credit governed by a Credit Agreement dated August 31, 2022 that will mature on August 31, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, there is 700 million available on the line-of-credit. See Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Credit Agreement. During fiscal year 2022, the Company paid 25 million to enter into a two-part forward contract which requires the Company to purchase the full equity interest in Wilson Wolf if certain annual revenue or EBITDA thresholds are met. During fiscal year 2023, Wilson Wolf met the EBITDA target and the Company paid an additional 232 million to acquire 19.9 of Wilson Wolf. Since the first part of the forward contract has been triggered, the second part of the forward contract will automatically trigger, which requires the Company to acquire the remaining 80.1 of Wilson Wolf on December 31, 2027. The second part of the contract would be accelerated in advance of December 31, 2027 if Wilson Wolf meets certain financial milestones. As of September 30, 2024, the second milestones have not been met. The second option payment of approximately 1 billion plus potential contingent consideration is forecasted to occur between fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2028. Management of the Company expects to be able to meet its cash and working capital requirements for operations, facility expansion, capital additions, and cash dividends for the foreseeable future, and at least the next 12 months, through currently available cash, cash generated from operations, and remaining credit available on its existing revolving line of credit. Cash Flows From Operating Activities The Company generated cash of 63.9 million from operating activities in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared to 59.4 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The increase from the prior year was primarily due to changes in the timing of cash payments on certain operating assets and liabilities. Cash Flows From Investing Activities We continue to make investments in our business, including capital expenditures. Capital expenditures for fixed assets for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and 2024 were 9.2 million and 13.6 million, respectively. Capital expenditures for the remainder of fiscal 2025 are expected to be approximately 32 million. Capital expenditures are expected to be financed through currently available funds and cash generated from operating activities. Expected additions in fiscal 2025 are related to increasing capacity to meet expected sales growth across the Company. During the fiscal quarter of 2025, the Company invested 15.0 million into Spear Bio. There was no comparable activity in the first quarter of 2024. During the first fiscal quarter of 2025, certificates of deposit reached maturity for 1.1 million. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company sold its exchange traded investment grade bond funds 23.8 million. The Company received tax distributions of 1.4 million and 2.1 million from its equity method investee during the first quarter of 2025 and 2024, respectively. During the first fiscal quarter of 2024, the Company paid 166.4 million to acquire Lunaphore. In the second fiscal quarter of 2024, an additional payment of 3.3 million was paid to the Lunaphore shareholders upon the finalization of the net working capital, which resulted in a total purchase price of 169.7 million during fiscal 2024. There was no comparable activity in the first fiscal quarter of 2025. Cash Flows From Financing Activities During the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and 2024, the Company paid cash dividends of 12.7 million and 12.7 million, respectively, to all common shareholders. On October 30, 2024, the Company announced the payment of a 0.08 per share cash dividend, or approximately 12.7 million, will be payable November 22, 2024 to all common shareholders of record on November 11, 2024. Cash of 25.1 million and 14.4 million was received during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, from the exercise of stock options. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and 2024, the Company made repayments of 19.0 million and 70.0 million, respectively, on its long-term debt balance. The Company drew 160.0 million under its revolving line-of-credit facility during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. There was no comparable activity in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and 2024, the Company received 5.0 million and 20.2 million related to taxes paid on restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock options exercised through a net share settlement classified as financing activities. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The Company's significant accounting policies are discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024 and are incorporated herein by reference. The application of certain of these policies requires judgments and estimates that can affect the results of operations and financial position of the Company. Judgments and estimates are used for, but not limited to, valuation of available-for-sale investments, inventory valuation and allowances, valuation of intangible assets and goodwill and valuation of investments in unconsolidated entities. There have been no significant changes in estimates in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that would require disclosure nor have there been any changes to the Company's policies. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation in Item 2, contains financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP). These non-GAAP measures include: Organic revenue
 Adjusted gross margin
 Adjusted operating margin
 Adjusted net earnings and diluted earnings per share
 Adjusted effective tax rate
 
 We provide these measures as additional information regarding our operating results. We use these non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions, including with respect to incentive compensation. We believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results. Our non-GAAP financial measure of organic revenue represents revenue growth excluding revenue from acquisitions within the preceding 12 months, the impact of foreign currency, the impact of businesses held-for-sale, as well as the impact of partially-owned consolidated subsidiaries. Excluding these measures provides more useful period-to-period comparison of revenue results as it excludes the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, which can vary significantly from period to period, and revenue from acquisitions that would not be included in the comparable prior period. Revenues from businesses held-for-sale are excluded from our organic revenue calculation starting on the date they become held-for-sale as those revenues will not be comparative in future periods. Revenues from partially-owned subsidiaries consolidated in our financial statements are also excluded from our organic revenue calculation , as those revenues are not fully attributable to the Company. There was no revenue from partially-owned consolidated subsidiaries in fiscal year 2024 or fiscal year 2025. Our non-GAAP financial measures for adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, exclude stock-based compensation, which is inclusive of the employer portion of payroll taxes on those stock awards , the costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory, amortization of acquisition intangibles, restructuring and restructuring-related costs . Stock-based compensation is excluded from non-GAAP adjusted net earnings because of the nature of this charge, specifically the varying available valuation methodologies, subjection assumptions, variety of award types, and unpredictability of amount and timing of employer related tax obligations. The Company excludes amortization of purchased intangible assets, purchase accounting adjustments, including costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory, and other non-recurring items including gains or losses on goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges, and one-time assessments from this measure because they occur as a result of specific events, and are not reflective of our internal investments , the costs of developing, producing, supporting and selling our products, and the other ongoing costs to support our operating structure. Costs related to restructuring and restructuring-related activities, including reducing overhead and consolidating facilities, are excluded because we believe they are not indicative of our normal operating 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 costs. Additionally, these amounts can vary significantly from period to period based on current activity. The Company also excludes revenue and expense attributable to partially-owned consolidated subsidiaries as well as revenue and expense attributable to businesses held-for-sale in the calculation of our non-GAAP financial measures. The Company s non-GAAP adjusted operating margin and adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, also excludes acquisition related expenses inclusive of the changes in fair value of contingent consideration, and other non-recurring items including certain costs related to the transition to a new CEO, goodwill and long-lived asset impairments, and gains. We also exclude certain litigation charges which are facts and circumstances specific including costs to resolve litigation and legal settlement (gains and losses). In some cases, these costs may be a result of litigation matters at acquired companies that were not probable, inestimable, or unresolved at the time of acquisition. The Company s non-GAAP adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, also excludes gain and losses from investments, as they are not part of our day-to-day operating decisions (excluding our equity method investment in Wilson Wolf as it is certain to be acquired in the future) and certain adjustments to income tax expense. Additionally, gains and losses from investments that are either isolated or cannot be expected to occur again with any predictability are excluded. The Company independently calculates a non-GAAP adjusted tax rate to be applied to the identified non-GAAP adjustments considering the impact of discrete items on these adjustments and the jurisdictional mix of the adjustments. In addition, the tax impact of other discrete and non-recurring charges which impact our reported GAAP tax rate are adjusted from net earnings. We believe these tax items can significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results and not necessarily reflect costs and/or income associated with historical trends and future results. The Company periodically reassesses the components of our non-GAAP adjustments for changes in how we evaluate our performance, changes in how we make financial and operational decisions, and considers the use of these measures by our competitors and peers to ensure the adjustments are still relevant and meaningful. Readers are encouraged to review the reconciliations of the adjusted financial measures used in management's discussion and analysis of the financial condition of the Company to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures provided within the Company's consolidated financial statements. FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include those regarding the Company's expectations as to the effect of changes to accounting policies, the amount of capital expenditures for the remainder of the fiscal year, the source of funding for capital expenditure requirements, the sufficiency of currently available funds for meeting the Company's needs, the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and expectations regarding gross margin fluctuations, increasing research and development expenses, increasing selling, general and administrative expenses and income tax rates. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may affect the actual results of operations. The following important factors, among others, have affected and, in the future, could affect the Company's actual results: integration of newly acquired businesses, the introduction and acceptance of new products, general national and international economic, political, regulatory, and other conditions, increased competition, the reliance on internal manufacturing and related operations, supply chain challenges, the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations, the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, the impact of governmental regulation, maintenance of intellectual property rights, credit risk and fluctuation in the market value of the Company's investment portfolio, and unseen delays and expenses related to facility construction and improvements. For additional information concerning such factors, see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and Part II. Item 1A below. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The Company s exposure to market risk from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates has not changed materially from its exposure discussed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). The Company's management has evaluated, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. (b) Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS As of November 5, 2024, the Company is not a party to any legal proceedings that, individually or in the aggregate, are reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes from the risk factors found in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS The Company s repurchase plan approved by the Board on February 2, 2022, granted management the discretion to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock option exercises. The plan authorizes the Company to purchase up to 400 million in stock. No shares have been repurchased under the share repurchase plan in fiscal 2025. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 180.7 million available to repurchase under our existing plan. 

Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Amount of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1 - July 31, 2024 180,739,094 August 1 - August 31, 2024 180,739,094 September 1 - September 30, 2024 180,739,094 July 1 - September 30, 2024 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULT ON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended September 30, 2024, certain of our directors and officers of the Company a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. , , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan effective . Mr. Kelderman s trading plan provides for the sale of up to shares of common stock between December 5, 2024 and , which is the expiration date of the plan. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS EXHIBIT INDEX TO FORM 10-Q BIO-TECHNE CORPORATION Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's 8-K dated November 1, 2022 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated April 27, 2022 4.1 Description of Capital Stock -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 22, 2024 10.1 Management Incentive Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2013 10.2 Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated October 26, 2017 10.3 Form of Time Vesting Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 10.4 Form of Performance Vesting Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 10.5 Form of Time Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 10.6 Form of Performance Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 10.7 Form of the Time Vesting Performance Unit Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 10.8 Form of Performance Vesting Performance Unit Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 10.9 Form of Time Vesting Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.10 Form of Performance Vesting Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 10.11 Form of Employee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive plan- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 25, 2021 10.12 Form of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Second Amendment and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K dated October 26, 2017 10.13 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Charles Kummeth - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company's Form 10-K dated September 7, 2017 10.14 Form of Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Executive Officers of the Company other than the CEO --incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company's Form 10-K dated September 7, 2017 10.15 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company s Form 10-Q dated May 11, 2020 10.16 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among the Company, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, dated August 31, 2022--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K dated September 7, 2022 10.17 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into with each director and executive officer of the Company - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q dated February 8, 2018 10.18 Bio-Techne 2020 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.20 Form of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.21 Form of Employee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Global) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.22 Form of Performance Vesting Cash Unit Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.23 Form of Performance Vesting Incentive Stock Option Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.24 Form of Performance Vesting Restricted Stock Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.25 Form of Performance Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.26 Form of Time Vesting Incentive Stock Option Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.27 Form of Time Vesting Cash Unit Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.28 Form of Time Vesting Restricted Stock Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.29 Form of Time Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Global) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Form 8-k dated November 3, 2020 10.30 Form of Executive Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Kim Kelderman incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K dated October 19, 2023 21 Subsidiaries of the Company - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 22, 2024 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following financial statements from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Incorporated by reference; SEC File No. 000-17272 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BIO-TECHNE CORPORATION (Company) Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ Kim Kelderman Kim Kelderman President and Chief Executive Officer Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ James Hippel James Hippel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

 35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tech-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Kim Kelderman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bio-Techne Corporation;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.
 Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ Kim Kelderman Kim Kelderman President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tech-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, James Hippel, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bio-Techne Corporation;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.
 Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ James Hippel James Hippel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tech-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bio-Techne Corporation (the Company On Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kim Kelderman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Kim Kelderman Kim Kelderman President and Chief Executive Officer November 5, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tech-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bio-Techne Corporation (the Company On Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Hippel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James Hippel James Hippel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer November 5, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tech-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tech-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tech-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tech-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tech-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

