<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241009_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1643301_0001477932-24-006299.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9673171</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148257</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1532774</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2369971</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2131754</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3226716</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-006299.hdr.sgml : 20241009
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241009130830
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-006299
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241009
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241009

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001643301
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				371765151
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55908
		FILM NUMBER:		241362227

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5805 SEPULVEDA BLVD., SUITE 801
		CITY:			SHERMAN OAKS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91411
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-273-8675

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5805 SEPULVEDA BLVD., SUITE 801
		CITY:			SHERMAN OAKS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91411

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cure Pharmaceutical Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Makkanotti Group Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150526

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-006299.txt : 20241009

10-Q/A
 1
 avrw_10qa.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A

avrw_10qa.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Amendment No. 1) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 2834 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Issuer s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No On August 12, 2021, we had shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock issued and outstanding. EXPLANATORY NOTE TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION: Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2021 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2020 3 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2021 and 2021 4 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 5 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six month periods ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 6 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 51 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 63 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 63 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION: Item 1. Legal Proceedings 65 Item 1A. Risk Factors 65 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 66 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 66 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 66 Item 5. Other Information 66 Item 6. Exhibits 67 Signatures 68 2 Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share amounts) June 30, 2021 December 31, 2020 ASSETS (unaudited) Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable, net Note receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Finance lease right-of-use assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Note receivable Investment Goodwill Intellectual property and patents, net In-process research and development, net Customer relationships, Tradename, and Non-compete, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Finance lease payable Operating lease payable Loan payable Paycheck protection program loan Related party payable Notes payable Convertible promissory notes Fair value convertible promissory notes, net Contract liabilities Total current liabilities License fees Finance lease payable Operating lease payable Fair value convertible promissory notes, net Contingent share considerations Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 21) Stockholders' equity: Common stock: par value; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively Additional paid-in capital Common stock issuable Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity See accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share amounts) For the Three Months Ended For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 Revenue: Product sales, net of discounts and refunds Consulting research development income Shipping and other sales Total revenues Cost of goods sold: Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Change in fair value of contingent stock consideration Total operating expenses Net operating loss before other income (expense) Other income (expense): Interest income Gain from settlement Gain on extinguishment of debt Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment Change in fair value of derivative liability Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes Interest expense Total other income (expense) Net loss before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Net loss per share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity For the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, except share amounts) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Common Stock Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Issuable Deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock for professional services Issuance of common stock from the equity incentive plan Issuance of common stock for exercise of warrants Fair value of stock options and restricted stock granted Fair value of restricted stock units granted Net loss Balance, March 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock for professional services Issuance of common stock from the equity incentive plan Issuance of common stock from conversion of convertible promissory notes Fair value of stock options and restricted stock granted Fair value of restricted stock units granted Net loss Balance, June 30, 2021 Balance, December 31, 2019 Issuance of common stock for professional services Fair value of stock options and restricted stock granted Fair value of restricted stock units granted Net loss Balance, March 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock for professional services Issuance of common stock from the equity incentive plan Issuance of common stock from exercise of warrants Issuance of common stock from settlement with Chemistry Holdings, Inc. Fair value of stock options and restricted stock granted Fair value of restricted stock units granted Net loss Balance, June 30, 2020 See accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 Net loss Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock based compensation - services Stock based compensation - prepaid Stock issued from equity incentive plan Gain from settlement of accounts payable Gain from extinguishment of debt Change in fair value of contingent share consideration Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes Depreciation and amortization Amortization of right of use asset Bad debt expenses Recovery of bad debt expense Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Inventory reserve for obsolescence Change of fair value in derivative liabilities Fair value of vested stock options and restricted stock Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other assets Other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses Finance lease payable Operating lease payable Contract liabilities License fees Cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Investment in company Purchase of intangible assets Acquisition of property and equipment, net Purchase of note receivable Collection of note receivable Cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from exercise of warrants Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from related party payable Repayment of loans payable Cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest and income taxes: Interest Income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Common stock issued for conversion of promissory notes and accrued interest Common stock issued for settlement of earnout liabilities from the acquisition of Chemistry Holdings, Inc See accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 7 Table of Contents 8 Table of Contents Going Concern and Management s Liquidity Plans million and a working capital deficit of approximately million. Our operating activities consume the majority of our cash resources. We anticipate that we will continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations, at least into the near future, as we execute our commercialization and development plans and strategic and business development initiatives. As of the date of this report, the Company had approximately million of cash on hand. As further described in Note 13, on October 30, 2020, . The Investor will be required to prepay the Investor Note in certain amounts (each a Mandatory Prepayment on the first date after the effectiveness of a resale registration statement (or the availability of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) if certain other conditions are satisfied as of such date. 9 Table of Contents million of the settlement of the arbitration the Company filed against Canopy Growth Corporation Canopy with respect to the license agreement between the Company and Canopy. While the Company believes the funds available through this financing and settlement with Canopy will be sufficient to meet the Company s working capital requirements during the coming year, if the Company is unable to satisfy the conditions required to initiate the Mandatory Prepayment under the Investor Note, then it will need to obtain alternative financing. There can be no assurance that if such alternative financing is needed that it will be available on terms acceptable to the Company or will be enough to fully sustain the Company s operations. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds it will have to develop and implement a plan to extend payables, reduce expenditures, or scale back our business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Reclassifications Restatement . Based on an initial analysis of ASC 250 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections and Staff Accounting Bulletin 99 Materiality, the Company determined that the error was immaterial to the previously issued consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and that the correction and disclosure of the error in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, which included the 2021 financial statements, was adequate. The Company has since determined that the errors in its previously reported earnings per share are material and is thus restating the impacted financial statements. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents 10 Table of Contents . As of June 30, 2021, the Company recorded an investment using the cost method of accounting in Releaf and did not record any accrued interest relating to the foregoing Releaf loans. On May 26, 2021, the Company purchased a convertible loan (the May 2021 Loan with Biopharmaceutical Research Company BRC for a total amount of 0.2 million, which is one of a series of notes (Notes pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement NPA offered by BRC. BRC shall accrue interest on the May 2021 Loan at 6 per annum and shall become due and payable to the Company at the earlier of the conversion date or the maturity date of May 26, 2023. In the event of a request for conversion by the Company, the outstanding amount of the May 2021 Loan and any unpaid accrued interest shall be converted into shares of BRC, rounded down to the nearest whole share, by dividing the May 2021 Loan by the price per share obtained by dividing 20 million by the number of outstanding shares of common stock of BRC immediately prior to such conversion (assuming conversion of all securities convertible into common stock and exercise of all outstanding options and warrants of BRC, but excluding (i) the shares of equity securities of BRC issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Notes and (ii) all shares of the common stock reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or similar plan of BRC. In the event the Company has not requested for conversion, the May 2021 Loan can automatically convert if BRC sells shares of preferred stock (the Qualified Financing Securities to one or more investors in a single transaction or series of related transactions for aggregate proceeds to BRC (including cancellation of indebtedness under the Notes or any other convertible debt) of at least 4 million (a Qualified Financing ). The May 2021 Loan shall automatically convert at the initial closing of and on the same terms and conditions of the Qualified Financing into a total number of Qualified Financing Securities, rounded down to the nearest whole share, obtained by dividing the May 2021 Loan by the lesser of (i) 80 of the price per share paid for the Qualified Financing Securities by investors in the Qualified Financing and (ii) 20 million by the number of outstanding shares of common stock of BRC immediately prior to such conversion (assuming conversion of all securities convertible into common stock and exercise of all outstanding options and warrants of BRC, but excluding (a) the shares of equity securities of BRC issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Notes, (b) all shares of the common stock reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or similar plan of BRC and (c) any equity incentive or similar plan to be created or increased in connection with the Qualified Financing). 11 Table of Contents Accounts Receivable million was necessary. At December 31, 2020 management determined that an allowance of million was necessary. Inventory Goodwill and intangible assets 12 Table of Contents Business Combinations Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Contingent consideration liabilities 13 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition 14 Table of Contents 15 Table of Contents million and million, respectively. Contract liabilities is made up of the following as of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020 (in thousands): Customer deposits for personal protective equipment Total contract liabilities The following table summarizes the changes in contract liabilities during the six months ended June 30, 2021 and year ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands): Additions Transfers to Revenue Balance at December 31, 2020 Additions Customer deposits returned Transfers to Revenue Balance at June 30, 2021 Cost of Revenues 16 Table of Contents Research and Development million and million for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2021, respectively. The Company recorded research and development expenses of million and million for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2020, respectively. Income Taxes has been established due to the uncertainty of the Company s realization of the net operating loss carry forward prior to its expiration. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted in response to the outbreak of a novel strain of the coronavirus, COVID-19. The CARES Act lifts certain deduction limitations originally imposed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the 2017 Tax Act ). Under the CARES Act, net operating losses NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2021 may be carried back to each of the five tax years preceding the tax year of such loss. Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Act as modified by the CARES Act, federal NOLs of our corporate subsidiaries generated in tax years ending after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of federal NOLs, particularly for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021, may be limited. The accounting for the material income tax impacts has been reflected in the year ended December 31, 2020 financial statements. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the 2017 Tax Act or the CARES Act. The Company is currently assessing the impact the CARES Act will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Stock-Based Compensation 17 Table of Contents Fair value measurements 18 Table of Contents million in relation to the Sera Labs Merger. The Company has elected the fair value option to account for the Series A and B Notes that were issued on October 30, 2020 and records this at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As a result of applying the fair value option, direct costs and fees related to the Series A and B Notes were recognized in earnings as incurred and not deferred. The following table summarizes the changes in Level 3 financial instruments during the six months ended June 30, 2021 (in thousands): Change in fair value of Series A Note Change in fair value of Series B Notes Conversion of Series A Notes Fair value of Series A and B Notes at June 30, 2021 19 Table of Contents Conversion price Term (in years) Series A Note Term (in years) Series B Note Volatility Series A Note Volatility Series B Note Risk-free interest rate Series A Note Risk-free interest rate Series B Note Interest rate The Company recorded a loss of million and a gain of million due to the change in fair value of Series A and B convertible notes for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 and for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. Beneficial Conversion Feature Series A and Series B convertible notes: Accounting for warrants 20 Table of Contents Contingencies Net Loss per Common Share 21 Table of Contents Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock Dilutive potential common stock shares from: - Vested Stock options from the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan Conversion of convertible notes Common stock and common stock equivalents Income per share: Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share The following number of shares have been excluded from diluted net income (loss) since such inclusion would be anti-dilutive: Warrants Shares to be issued upon conversion of convertible payable Total (the Clawback Shares based on the achievement of certain sales milestones. Due to the uncertainty of the number of Clawback Shares to be issued, these Clawback Shares were not included in the table above. The Series A and B Notes (other than restricted amounts under a Series B Note) is convertible, at the option of the Investor, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. The conversion price is subject to full ratchet antidilution protection upon any transaction in which the Company is deemed to have granted, issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock. If the Company enters into any agreement to issue any variable rate securities, other than a bona fide at-the-market offering or equity line of credit, the Investor has the additional right to substitute such variable price (or formula) for the conversion price. If an Event of Default has occurred under the Convertible Notes, the Investor may elect to alternatively convert the Convertible Notes at the redemption premium described therein. Due to the uncertainty of the number of shares to be issued, the shares to be issued from the conversion of the Series A and B Notes were also not included in the table above. 22 Table of Contents Emerging Growth Company Risks and Uncertainties Recent Accounting Pronouncements Adopted 23 Table of Contents Prepaid clinical study Prepaid insurance PPE deposits Prepaid equipment Prepaid deposit for inventory Prepaid expenses Other assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Current portion of prepaid expenses and other assets Prepaid expenses and other assets less current portion 24 Table of Contents Packaging components Work-in-process Finished goods Reserve for obsolescence Total inventory For the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, inventory reserves amounted to million and million, respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, inventory reserves amounted to million and million, respectively. Manufacturing equipment Computer and other equipment Less accumulated depreciation Property and Equipment, net 25 Table of Contents million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2020 was million and million, respectively. million convertible promissory note (the Coeptis Note issued by Coeptis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.( Coeptis ), a privately held biopharmaceutical company engaged in the acquisition, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products. The Coeptis Note is due June 15, 2020, pays interest at the rate of per annum and gives us the right, at any time, to convert the Coeptis Note into shares of common stock of Coeptis, at a price per share equal to or the share price set by the latest qualified financing, whichever is less. On July 31,2020, the Company purchased a million secured promissory note (the Sera Labs Note issued by Sera Labs, in connection with the execution of the Memorandum of Understanding summarizing the terms and conditions of a proposed acquisition, pursuant to which Sera Labs will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Sera Labs Note bears an interest at the rate of per annum and has a maturity date of December 31, 2020. On September 16, 2020, a Note Modification Agreement was signed, modifying the principal amount to million with interest on 0.5 million of the principal amount accruing from and after July 31, 2020 and on million of the principal amount from and after September 16, 2020. The note was settled as part of the Sera Labs acquisition, see Note 19. On May 26, 2021, the Company purchased a convertible loan (the May 2021 Loan with Biopharmaceutical Research Company BRC for a total amount of million, which is one of a series of notes (Notes pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement NPA offered by BRC. BRC shall accrue interest on the May 2021 Loan at per annum and shall become due and payable to the Company at the earlier of the conversion date or the maturity date of May 26, 2023. In the event of a request for conversion by the Company, the outstanding amount of the May 2021 Loan and any unpaid accrued interest shall be converted into shares of BRC, rounded down to the nearest whole share, by dividing the May 2021 Loan by the price per share obtained by dividing million by the number of outstanding shares of common stock of BRC immediately prior to such conversion (assuming conversion of all securities convertible into common stock and exercise of all outstanding options and warrants of BRC, but excluding (i) the shares of equity securities of BRC issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Notes and (ii) all shares of the common stock reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or similar plan of BRC. In the event the Company has not requested for conversion, the May 2021 Loan can automatically convert if BRC sells shares of preferred stock (the Qualified Financing Securities to one or more investors in a single transaction or series of related transactions for aggregate proceeds to BRC (including cancellation of indebtedness under the Notes or any other convertible debt) of at least million immediately prior to such conversion (assuming conversion of all securities convertible into common stock and exercise of all outstanding options and warrants of BRC, but excluding (a) the shares of equity securities of BRC issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Notes, (b) all shares of the common stock reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or similar plan of BRC and (c) any equity incentive or similar plan to be created or increased in connection with the Qualified Financing). Note receivable consists of the following (in thousands): Biopharmaceutical Research Company Less: allowance for doubtful accounts Current portion of note receivable, net Note receivable, net less current portion 26 Table of Contents million from Coeptis relating to a convertible promissory note issued from Coeptis on November 7, 2019. The total payment of 0.2 million was full satisfaction of the principal amount and accrued interest until February 10, 2021. The Coeptis Note had a maturity date of , which was not paid by the maturity date and was considered in default as of December 31, 2020 and fully reserved for. The Company recorded the collection of the Coeptis Note as a recovery of bad debt during the three months ended March 31, 2021. and million of legal patent costs that were capitalized during the six months ended June, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company acquired from Sera Labs customer relationships at a fair value of million, million in Tradename intangibles, million in non-compete and million in Goodwill from the acquisition of Sera Labs. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company acquired from the CHI acquisition patents at a fair value of million, million in Intellectual Property Research Development and million in Goodwill from the acquisition of CHI. Intangible Asset Summary As of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, goodwill and intangible assets, net, consisted of the following (in thousands): Intangible assets: Acquired IPR D Chemistry (2) Pending patents Cure Pharmaceutical Intangible assets subject to amortization: Customer relationships (2) Acquired IPR D Chemistry (2) Tradename (2) Noncompete (2) Intellectual property Issued patents Total intangible assets Accumulated amortization Intangible assets, net (1) Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in the Merger (see Note 19). In 2020, the Company recorded additional goodwill of million as a result of the Sera Labs acquisition. (2) See Note 19 for information on the Mergers which were consummated in May 2019 and October 2020. 27 Table of Contents million over its estimated useful life of years on a straight-line basis. Amortization expense was million and million for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense was million and million for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization expense over each of the next five years is as follows (in thousands): 2022 2023 2024 2025 Thereafter Total Amortization Refunds and returns liability Accrued interest Accrued payroll Accrued vacation leave Accrued expenses Sales tax payable Accrued Expenses 28 Table of Contents . The August Note is due on August 6, 2021 and has an interest rate of 8 per annum, payable in quarterly payments. The principal and accrued interest under the August Note can convert into a convertible promissory note if the Company consummates a debt financing for the sale and issuance of promissory notes that are convertible into common stock of the Company on terms that are more favorable to new investors than the terms described in the term sheet included in the August Note. Upon notice by the Company of such debt financing, the holder of the August Note shall have the right, but not the obligation, to convert the August Note into a convertible promissory note, with the same principal amount and interest accruing from the date of issuance of the August Note, on the same terms as the convertible promissory notes issued to such new investors. The Board Investor did not elect to convert their August Note into a convertible promissory note, with the same principal and interest accruing from the date of issuance of the August Note, on the same terms as the convertible promissory notes issued to such new investors. As of the date of this report, both the Company and the Board Investor agreed to extend the August Note and are currently negotiating the terms of the amendment. On October 2, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Sera Labs and pursuant to the Sera Labs Merger Agreement, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of million owed to the CEO of Sera Labs Duitch Note ), of which million is the upfront payment in connection with the closing of the Sera Labs Merger, and million is for certain liabilities of Sera Labs due to Mrs. Duitch. The Duitch Note is due June 30, 2021 and has an interest rate of per annum. On November 9, 2020, a payment of million was made and applied to principal only. As of June 30, 2021, total outstanding due to Mrs. Duitch was million. As of the date of this report, both the Company and Mrs. Duitch agreed to extend the Duitch Note and are currently negotiating the terms of the amendment. On May 3, 2021, the Company received million from one of the Company s board members Second Board Investor in exchange for a promissory note. Both the Company and Second Board Investor agreed to negotiate the terms of the promissory note and as of the filing date of this report, the Company and Second Board Investor are still negotiating the terms of the promissory note. Interest expense in regard to related party payables for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was million and none, respectively. Interest expense in regard to related party payables for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was million and none, respectively. Note to a company due September 6, 2021, including interest at 6.55 per annum; unsecured; interest due monthly Current portion of loan payable Loan payable, less current portion Interest expense for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2021 was million and million, respectively. Interest expense for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2020 was million and million, respectively. 29 Table of Contents Promissory note to a company due May 18, 2021; interest payable at 8 per annum; unsecured; principal and accrued interest automatically convert into a convertible promissory note Promissory note to a company due August 12, 2021; interest payable at 8 per annum; unsecured; principal and accrued interest automatically convert into a convertible promissory note Promissory note to a company due January 13, 2022; unsecured; principal and accrued interest automatically convert into a convertible promissory note Promissory note to a company due April 8, 2022; unsecured; principal and accrued interest automatically convert into a convertible promissory note Current portion of note payable On May 18, 2020 and August 12, 2020, the Company entered into unsecured promissory notes Notes with an investor for and , respectively. The Notes are due on May 18, 2021 and August 12, 2021, respectively, and have an interest rate of per annum, payable in quarterly payments. The principal and accrued interest under the Notes can convert into convertible promissory notes if the Company consummates a debt financing for the sale and issuance of promissory notes that are convertible into common stock of the Company on terms that are more favorable to new investors than the terms described in the term sheet included in the Notes. Upon notice by the Company of such debt financing, the holder of the Notes shall have the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Notes into convertible promissory notes, with the same principal amount and interest accruing from the date of issuance of the Notes, on the same terms as the convertible promissory notes issued to such new investors. The investor did not elect to convert their Notes into a convertible promissory note, with the same principal and interest accruing from the date of issuance of the Notes, on the same terms as the convertible promissory notes issued to such new investors. As of the date of this report, both the Company and the investor agreed to extend the unsecured promissory note and are currently negotiating the terms of the amendment. On September 25, 2020 the Company issued a demand secured promissory note to Ionic Ventures, LLC Ionic ), dated September 25, 2020 (the Promissory Note ), in the principal amount of million with the Company receiving gross proceeds of 1.0 million and million being an original issue discount. The Promissory Note is secured by certain assets of the Company as further set forth therein, bears no interest rate and is subject to payment on demand of Ionic after the earlier of . Payments will be credited first to the accrued Late Charges then due and payable and the remainder applied to the outstanding principal. On October 30, 2020, the Company repaid in full the outstanding principal balance and all accrued but unpaid interest expense of million from the proceeds of the Series A Note further described in Note 13. 30 Table of Contents million from an investment company Investor in exchange for a promissory note. Both the Company and Investor agreed to negotiate the terms of the promissory note and as of the filing date of this report, the Company and Investor are still negotiating the terms of the promissory note. On April 8, 2021, the Company received million from an investment company Investor in exchange for a promissory note. Both the Company and Investor agreed to negotiate the terms of the promissory note and as of the filing date of this report, the Company and Investor are still negotiating the terms of the promissory note. Paycheck protection program consist of the following at June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020 (in thousands): Payment Protection Program Loan due April 2022, including interest at 1 per annum; unsecured. On June 9, 2021, 0.2 million was forgiven as permitted under Section 1106 of the CARES Act. Payment protection program loan In April 2020, the CURE Pharmaceutical and Sera Labs received loan proceeds in the amount of approximately million and million under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP, established as part of the CARES Act, provides for loans to qualifying businesses. A portion of the loans and accrued interest are forgivable as long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries. No collateral or guarantees were provided in connection with the PPP loans. On February 5, 2021, 0.4 million was forgiven as permitted under Section 1106 of the CARES Act and the Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt during the three months ended March 31, 2021. On June 9, 2021, 0.2 million was forgiven as permitted under Section 1106 of the CARES Act and the Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt during the three months ended June 30, 2021. Interest expense for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was million and none, respectively. Interest expense for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was million and none, respectively. Current portion of convertible promissory notes 31 Table of Contents Series B subordinated convertible note at fair value Total convertible promissory notes Less: Investor Note offset Series B Note Carrying value of convertible promissory notes at fair value Less: current portion of convertible promissory notes at fair value Convertible promissory notes, less current portion On October 30, 2020, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Investor for the purchase of two new series of convertible notes with an aggregate principal amount of . Concurrently the Company consummated the sale to the Investor of a Series A subordinated convertible note (the Series A Note with an initial principal amount of and a Series B senior secured convertible note (the Series B Note, and together with the Series A Note, the Convertible Notes and, each a Convertible Note with an initial principal amount of in a private placement (the Private Placement ). The Series A Note was sold with an original issue discount of and the Series B Note was sold with an original issue discount of . The Investor paid for the Series A Note to be issued to the Investor by delivering in cash consideration and paid for the Series B Note to be issued to the Investor by delivering a secured promissory note (the Investor Note with an initial principal amount of . The Company will receive cash in respect of a Series B Note only upon cash repayment of the corresponding Investor Note. In certain circumstances, the Investor Note may be automatically satisfied through netting against the Series B Note, as described more fully below, rather than through the payment of cash. Until an Investor Note is repaid, the original issue discount and the rest of the principal under the corresponding Series B Note is considered to be restricted. Upon any repayment of the Investor Note, the principal of the corresponding Series B Note becomes unrestricted on dollar-for-dollar basis, along with a proportional amount of the original issue discount. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company received million from the Investor Note, leaving a remaining balance of million of the Investor Note as of December 31, 2020, which is netted against the Series B Note and included in convertible promissory notes in the balance sheet. The placement agent received a placement agent fee of at the closing of the Private Placement, representing 8 of the gross cash proceeds at the closing. After deducting the placement agent fee, the Company s estimated expenses associated with the Private Placement and the repayment of the September Note, the Company s net cash proceeds at the closing were approximately . If the Investor Note is subsequently satisfied in full by payment in cash, the additional financial advisory fee on the cash proceeds received from the Investor Note will be another , and the aggregate net cash proceeds from the Private Placement as a whole will be approximately . In addition, the placement agent received a warrant (the Warrant exercisable for two years for the purchase of an aggregate of up to 242,424 shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price of per share. The Warrant may also be exercised by means of a cashless exercise or net exercise. Upon the achievement of certain milestones, the placement agent is entitled to receive an additional warrant, on the same terms as the Warrant, exercisable for an aggregate of up to shares of the Company s common stock (collectively with the shares underlying the Warrant, the Warrant Shares ). The Warrant Shares, when issued, will have the same rights, preferences and privileges (including the registration rights described under Registration Rights Agreement below) as the shares underlying the Convertible Notes. 32 Table of Contents . Each Convertible Note (other than restricted amounts under a Series B Note) is convertible, at the option of the Investor, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. The conversion price is subject to full ratchet antidilution protection upon any transaction in which the Company is deemed to have granted, issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock. If the Company enters into any agreement to issue any variable rate securities, other than a bona fide at-the-market offering or equity line of credit, the Investor has the additional right to substitute such variable price (or formula) for the conversion price. If an Event of Default has occurred under the Convertible Notes, the Investor may elect to alternatively convert the Convertible Notes at the redemption premium described therein. Promptly after the consummation of the sale of the Convertible Notes, the Company repaid in full the outstanding principal balance and all accrued but unpaid interest expense on the Senior Promissory Note issued on September 25, 2020 to the Investor (the September Note ). The cash payment to the Investor to satisfy the September Note was in the amount . Payment of Amounts Due under the Convertible Notes On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Investor an amount in cash (other than restricted amounts under a Series B Note) presenting all outstanding principal, Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Convertible Notes), if any, accrued and unpaid interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges (as defined in the Convertible Notes) on such principal, except that any restricted amount under the Series B Note will be automatically satisfied on the Maturity Date (in lieu of a cash payment) by Maturity Netting (as defined in the Investor Note described below). The Company may not prepay any amounts due under the Convertible Notes. Interest The Convertible Notes shall bear no interest unless there is an occurrence, and during the continuance, of an Event of Default (as defined in the Convertible Notes). During any such Event of Default, the Convertible Notes will accrue interest at the rate of per annum. See Events of Default below. Conversion; Alternate Conversion upon Event of Default Each Convertible Note (other than restricted amounts under a Series B Note) is convertible, at the option of the Investor, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 1.32 per share. The conversion price is subject to full ratchet antidilution protection upon any transaction in which the Company is deemed to have granted, issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock. If the Company enters into any agreement to issue any variable rate securities, other than a bona fide at-the-market offering or equity line of credit, the Investor has the additional right to substitute such variable price (or formula) for the conversion price. 33 Table of Contents ; provided that any such increase will not be effective until the 61st day after delivery of a notice to the Company of such increase. Events of Default The Convertible Notes include certain customary and other Events of Default. In connection with an Event of Default, the Investor may require the Company to redeem in cash any or all of the Convertible Notes. The redemption price will be at a premium to the amount due under the Convertible Notes as described therein. Change of Control In connection with a Change of Control (as defined in the Convertible Notes), the Investor may require the Company to redeem all or any portion of the Convertible Notes. The redemption price per share will be at a premium to the amount due under the Convertible Notes as described therein. Covenants The Company will be subject to certain customary affirmative and negative covenants including those regarding the payment of dividends, maintenance of its property, transactions with affiliates, and issue notes and certain securities. Placement Agent Warrants On October 2, 2020 and December 31, 2020, in connection with the . The Warrant may also be exercised by means of a cashless exercise or net exercise. Upon the achievement of certain milestones, the placement agent is entitled to receive an additional warrant, on the same terms as the Warrant, exercisable for an aggregate of up to 363,636 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company used the Black-Scholes model to determine the fair value of the Warrants issued to the Placement Agent. The Company has elected the Fair Value Option for the Series A Note and Series B Note, accordingly the fair value of the Warrants issued to the placement agent were expensed. The following table sets forth the assumptions used and calculated aggregated fair values of the warrants: Expected stock price volatility Expected dividend payout Expected warrant life (in years) Expected forfeiture rate 0 34 Table of Contents million and million at the time of issuance of the Series A and Series B Notes, respectively, as a result of the make whole provision noted within the debt arrangements as the debt holders would be awarded a variable number of shares at the time of conversion which would always equate to an amount greater than the principal amount of the debt. The Company recorded a gain of million and a loss of million relating to the Series A and Series B Notes, respectively, attributed to the change if fair value of the Series A and Series B Notes for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and were recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company recorded a gain of million and a loss of million relating to the Series A and Series B Notes, respectively, attributed to the change if fair value of the Series A and Series B Notes for the six months period ended June 30, 2021 and were recorded in the consolidated statement of operations Based on discussions with our valuation expert and knowledge of the Company, there was no change in valuation caused by a change in the Company s credit risk during the period from October 30, 2020 to December 31, 2020 and from January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021. The Company recorded a loss of million and million relating to the Series A and Series B Notes, respectively, attributed to the change if fair value of the Series A and Series B Notes for the year ended December 31, 2020 and were recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company incurred debt issuance cost of million and million attributed to the Series A and Series B Notes, respectively, which were expensed as incurred. Loss on change in fair value included in earnings Balance at December 31, 2020 Gain on change in fair value included in earnings Balance at June 30, 2021 35 Table of Contents common stock shares which vest based on various revenue achievement during year 3 and year 4 post the CHI acquisition Closing Date. As part of the settlement the Company reduced the number of warrants to common stock shares at an exercise price of .00 per share which was reduced from the original exercise price of per share. In addition, the expiration date of the warrants was amended to expire on June 5, 2020. The warrants were exercisable on the date of issuance and were exercised by the warrant holders and the Company received million. The Company determined based on Black-Scholes value calculated for pre and post modification, there was no incremental value to the warrant modification as the exercise price was more than the fair value of the stock. On October 2, 2020 and December 31, 2020, in connection with the Series A Note and Series B Note, respectively, a placement agent is to receive a warrant (the Warrant exercisable for 2 years for the purchase of an aggregate of up to and shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price of per share. The Warrant may also be exercised by means of a cashless exercise or net exercise. Upon the achievement of certain milestones, the placement agent is entitled to receive an additional warrant, on the same terms as the Warrant, exercisable for an aggregate of up to shares of the Company s common stock. On December 8, 2020, an individual exercised warrants by means of a cashless exercise with an exercise price of .00 per share. As a result of the exercise, the Company is to issue common stock shares of the Company. Warrants that vest at the end of a one-year period are amortized over the vesting period using the straight-line method. The Company s warrant activity was as follows: Granted Exercised - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Granted - - Exercised - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, June 30, 2021 Exercisable at June 30, 2021 36 Table of Contents Warrant summary as of December 31, 2020: The change in warrant value for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was and million, respectively. The change in warrant value for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was and million, respectively. There were no warrants granted during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021. The weighted-average fair value of warrants granted to during the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, and the weighted-average significant assumptions used to determine those fair values, using a Black-Scholes option pricing model are as follows: Expected stock price volatility Expected dividend payout - - Expected option life (in years) - Expected forfeiture rate - The aggregate intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2021 was . shares of the common stock of the Company are available for grant. On November 28, 2020, the Company registered an additional shares of common stock of the Company that are available to be granted by filing a Form S-3 Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933. The Board of Directors have determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to provide an additional incentive for certain employees, including executive officers, and non-employee members of the Board of Directors of the Company by granting to them awards with respect to the common stock of the Company pursuant to the Plan. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for awards in the form of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards Awards ). . 37 Table of Contents Nonstatutory Stock Options NSO to employees of the Company and did not issue any Incentive Stock Options ISO ), Restricted Common Stock RCS and Restricted Stock Units RSU during the six months ended June 30, 2021. The Company did not issue any NSO s, ISO s, RSC s or RSU s during the six months ended June 20, 2020. Vesting periods for awarded RCS, ISO s and NSO s range from immediate to quarterly over a year period. Vesting period for RSU s is the earlier of (i) the day prior to the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders following the date of grant, and (ii) one (1) year from the Date of Grant. For ISO s and NSO s awarded, the term to exercise their ISO or NSO is years. The Company issued stock options to a consultant that contains performance-based vesting conditions where revenue milestones are to be met over a certain period. Such stock option awards would be valued using a Monte Carlo simulation based on the probability of the performance condition being met and the underlying expense would be recognized as the associated vesting conditions are met. No stock options that contain performance-based vesting conditions vested during the six months ended June 30, 2021 and the likelihood of meeting the performance-based condition is currently nil. Stock Options The Company s stock option activity was as follows: Granted Exercised - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised - - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, June 30, 2021 Exercisable at June 30, 2021 The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2021 was million. 38 Table of Contents and million, respectively. Compensation expense related to stock options for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2021 was million and million, respectively. Compensation expense related to stock options was million and million for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2020, respectively. As of June 30, 2021, the total unrecognized fair value compensation cost related to unvested stock options was .0 million, which is to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of approximately years. The weighted-average fair value of options granted during the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the weighted-average significant assumptions used to determine those fair values, using a Black-Scholes option pricing model are as follows: Expected stock price volatility Expected dividend payout Expected option life (in years) Expected forfeiture rate Restricted Stock Subject to the restrictions set with respect to the particular Award, a recipient of Restricted Stock generally shall have the rights and privileges of a shareholder, including the right to vote the Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends; provided that, any cash dividends and stock dividends with respect to the Restricted Stock shall be withheld for the recipient s account, and interest may be credited on the amount of the cash dividends withheld. The cash dividends or stock dividends so withheld and attributable to any particular share of Restricted Stock (and earnings thereon, if applicable) shall be distributed to the recipient in cash or, at the discretion of the Board or Committee, in shares of common stock having a fair market value equal to the amount of such dividends, if applicable, upon the release of restrictions on the Restricted Stock and, if the Restricted Stock is forfeited, the recipient shall have no right to the dividends. The Company s restricted stock activity was as follows: Granted Vested Forfeited/Expired - Non-vested, December 31, 2020 Granted Vested Forfeited/Expired Non-vested, June 30, 2021 39 Table of Contents million and million, respectively. Compensation expense related to restricted shares for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 was million and million, respectively. At June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards. Compensation will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years and years, respectively. Restricted Stock Units The terms and conditions of a grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be determined by the Board or Committee. No shares of common stock shall be issued at the time a Restricted Stock Unit is granted. A recipient of Restricted Stock Units shall have no voting rights with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the expiration of the restrictions applicable to a Restricted Stock Unit, The Company will either issue to the recipient, without charge, one share of common stock per Restricted Stock Unit or cash in an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of common stock. Restricted Stock Units The Company s restricted stock unit activity was as follows: Granted Vested Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Granted - Vested - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, June 30, 2021 At June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units. As of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, compensation will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 0.23 years and years, respectively. Compensation expense related to restricted stock units for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2021 was and , respectively. Compensation expense related to restricted stock units was and million for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2020, respectively. All compensation expense related to restricted stock units were included in selling, general and administrative expenses. common shares with a par value of per share. 40 Table of Contents shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. Common Share Issuances From January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Company issued common stock shares, at prices per share in consideration for certain consulting services. The total value of these issuances was million. From January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, the Company issued common stock shares, at prices per share in connection to issuances from our 2017 Equity Plan. The total value of these issuances was million. On June 5, 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock, at a price per share equal to , in connection with the Release, Waiver, and Amendment Agreement entered into with CHI. The total value of these issuances was million. million related to common stock issuable as of December 31, 2019 that was issued in during 2020. On June 5, 2020, the Company issued common stock shares, at a price of per share, from the exercise of certain warrants. Total value of these issuances was million. On October 2, 2020, the Company issued common stock shares at a price per share of , in connection with the Sera Labs Merger. The total value of this issuance was On December 9, 2020, the Company issued common stock shares, at a price per share of in connection to conversion of of the Series A Note plus common stock shares at a price per share of in connection to the make-whole-amount of per the terms of the Series A Note. From January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021, the Company issued common stock shares, at prices per share in connection to issuances from our 2017 Equity Plan. The total value of these issuances was million. From January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021, the Company issued common stock shares, at prices per share in connection to several consulting agreements. The total value of these issuances was million. From January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021, the Company issued common stock shares, at a price of per share, from a cash-less exercise of certain warrants. Total value of these issuances was million. From January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021, the Company issued common stock shares, at a price per share of in connection to conversion of of the Series A Note plus 565,702 common stock shares at a price per share in connection to the make-whole-amounts totaling per the terms of the Series A Note. Common Stock Issuable In 2018, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of a convertible promissory note. As compensation for extending the note, the Company is to issue common stock shares of the Company at a price of per share. As of the filing of this Current Report on Form 10-Q, the Company has not yet issued these common stock shares and has recorded a stock issuable of million. In 2018, convertible promissory notes and accrued interests totaling million was converted into shares of common stock of the Company at a price of per share. As of the filing of this Current Report on Form 10-Q, the Company has not yet issued these common stock shares and has recorded a stock issuable of million. 41 Table of Contents common stock shares of the Company at a price per share of . As of our filing of this Current Report on Form 10-Q, the Company has not yet issued these common stock shares and has recorded a stock payable of million. Operating Loss Assets Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Summary financial information for the two reportable segments for the six months ending June 30, 2020 is as follows (in thousands): Operating Loss Assets Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Disaggregation of Revenues and Concentration Risk The following table presents the percentage of consolidated revenues attributable to products or services classes that represent greater than ten percent of consolidated revenues for the three and six months June 30, 2020 and 2020: 42 Table of Contents Research Development services Product sales - CBD Product sales - PPE Total The Company received revenue from one customer that individually represents and of consolidated revenues for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021. There were no accounts receivable for this customer at June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2020. The Company received revenue from four customers that individually represent greater than of consolidated revenues, representing of consolidated revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2020, and three customers that individually represent greater than of consolidated revenues, representing of consolidated revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2020. Accounts receivable from these customers was million and million at June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. .0 million in cash (the Upfront Payment and (ii) up to shares of the Company s common stock. On October 1, 2020, the Parties entered into a Waiver of Closing Condition, pursuant to which the Company s obligation to pay the Upfront Payment at the Effective Time was extended to October 13, 2020. Pursuant to the Sera Labs Merger Agreement, Sera Labs security holders are also entitled to receive up to shares of the Company s common stock (the Clawback Shares based on the achievement of certain sales milestones up to an aggregate maximum amount of million as set forth in the Sera Labs Merger Agreement. Subsequent to the Effective Time and for a period of two years, the Company agreed to make available to Sera Labs .0 million for working capital, less the outstanding amount of the Secured Promissory Note previously issued by the Company to Sera Labs. Sera Labs is a trusted leader in the health, wellness, and beauty sectors of innovative products with cutting edge technology and superior ingredients such as CBD. Sera Labs creates high quality products that use science-backed, proprietary formulations. Its more than 20 products are sold under the brand names Seratopical , SeraLabs , and Gordon s Herbals . Sera Labs sells its products at affordable prices, making them easily accessible on a global scale. Strategically positioned in the growth market categories of beauty, health wellness, and pet care, Sera Labs products are sold in major national drug, grocery chains and mass retailers. The company also sells products under private label to major retailers and multi-level marketers, as well as direct-to-consumer (DTC), via online website orders, including opt-in subscriptions. The acquisition was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. The equity consideration to be provided is subject to a variety of earn-out and milestone provisions thus of the total potential shares to be issued, shares are considered contingent shares based on the achievement of certain sales milestones up to an aggregate maximum amount of million as described in the Sera Labs Merger Agreement. Contingent Shares ). Under ASC 480-10-25, based on the variable number of shares to be issued as part of the acquisition, the fair value of the Contingent Shares of million will be recorded as a liability as contingent share consideration as of October 2, 2020. 43 Table of Contents Fair value at June 30, 2021 Net change in fair value for the six months ended June 30, 2021 The Company estimated the fair value of the preliminary purchase price for the acquisition of Sera Labs is approximately million. ; and iii) the estimated fair value using the Monte-Carlo simulation of stock price correlation, and other variables over a 24 month performance period applied to the Clawback Shares. Closing Merger Consideration Shares Contingent Consideration Shares (Clawback Shares) Liabilities assumed - Total purchase price The Company allocated the acquisition consideration to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets were determined based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. It is also based on estimates and assumptions made by management at the time of the acquisition. As such, this was classified as Level 3 fair value hierarchy measurements and disclosures. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values is assigned to goodwill. The following table summarizes the preliminary estimated fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed in the Sera Labs acquisition, which is subject to change during measurement period: Other assets Property, plant and equipment Other long term assets Intangibles assets Goodwill Accounts payable and accrued expenses Contract liabilities Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Net assets acquired 44 Table of Contents .0 years Tradename .0 years Non-compete .0 years Total finite-lived intangible assets acquired years CHI Acquisition On May 14, 2019, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of CHI for shares of the Company s Common Stock. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock to be issued, including escrowed shares and shares issuable pursuant to a variety of earn-out provisions and warrants, is shares. The shares are allocated as follows: (i) shares of Common Stock as upfront consideration issued at the closing of the transaction (the Closing Date (ii) shares to be held in escrow, subject to indemnification and clawback rights that lapse upon the achievement of certain milestones; (iii) up to shares that may be issued pursuant to an earn-out over five years upon the achievement of certain technological implementations; (iv) up to shares that may be issued pursuant to an earn-out over two years upon the achievement of certain revenue goals; and (v) up to 8,018,071 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants Acquisition Warrant Shares that become exercisable upon achieving certain revenue goals between the second and fourth anniversary of the Closing Date at an exercise price of 5.01 per share, exercisable, to the extent vested, for five years from the Closing Date. In exchange for the assets and liabilities acquired, the Company received an investment of 2 million from Chemistry Holdings pursuant to a convertible note. Such convertible note, on the Closing Date, became an intercompany payable and was cancelled. On June 5, 2020 (the Release Effective Date ), the Company and CHI, entered into a Release, Waiver, and Amendment (the Agreement and a related Warrant Amendment Agreement Warrant Amendment ), in order to make a full resolution of the shares issuable pursuant to the CHI Merger. The Agreement provided as follows: (a) all shares held in escrow were released to the Holders as of the Release Effective Date, of which shares were returned to the Company for cancellation in consideration for the Company committing to pay certain outstanding liabilities, (b) of the total shares issuable pursuant to the earn-out provisions in the CHI Merger Agreement, shares were issued to the Holders as of the Release Effective Date of which were assigned back to the Company as of the Release Effective Date) and the obligation of the Company to issue any further earn-out shares was terminated, and (c) certain Holders exercised warrants issued in the CHI Merger to purchase shares of Common Stock on the Release Effective Date at a price of 2.00 per share (which reflects a reduced exercise price as a result of the Warrant Amendment) for gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million and the remaining warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock issued in the CHI Merger expired on the Release Effective Date as a result of an amendment of such warrants effected pursuant to the Warrant Amendment.. As previously disclosed, the Company undertook to issue warrants to purchase an additional shares of common stock to certain affiliates of CHI in consideration for consulting and advisory services to be provided following the closing of the CHI Merger (the Service Warrants ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the undertaking by the Company to issue the Service Warrants was terminated as of the Release Effective Date. CHI has developed a novel chewable delivery system, nanoemulsions, microemulsions, microcapsules and taste masking solutions. These technologies complement and expand the CUREfilm platform to enable the delivery of a wider range of active ingredients at higher doses. The combined technologies create a versatile platform for both immediate and controlled-release drug delivery. The acquisition was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. The equity consideration to be provided is subject to a variety of earn-out and milestone provisions thus of the total potential shares to be issued, 26,372,283 shares are considered contingent shares to be released or issued over a period from 5 months to 5 years based on the various contingency as described in the Merger Agreement. Contingent Shares ). Under ASC 480-10-25, based on the variable number of shares to be issued as part of the acquisition, the fair value of the Contingent Shares and Acquisition Warrant Shares of million will be recorded as a liability as contingent share consideration as of May 14, 2019. Below is the change of Contingent Share consideration for the year ended December 31, 2020: 45 Table of Contents Settlement of contingent consideration liability Net change in fair value during the year ended December 31, 2020 Fair Value at December 31, 2020 Supplemental Pro Forma Information The following unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information is based on our historical consolidated financial statements and Sera Lab s historical consolidated financial statements as adjusted to give effect to the October 2, 2020 acquisition of Sera Labs. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information for the periods presented gives effect to the acquisition for CHI as if it had occurred on January 1, 2020 for Sera Labs. This unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that actually would have resulted had the acquisition been in effect at the beginning of the periods presented. In addition, the unaudited pro forma results are not intended to be a projection of future results and do not reflect any operating efficiencies or cost savings that might be achievable. The following table presents pro forma sales, net loss attributable to Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc. formerly known as Cure Pharmaceutical Holding Corp., and net loss attributable to the Company per common share data assuming Sera Labs and CHI were acquired at the beginning of 2020 fiscal year. For the three months ended June 30, 2020 (in thousands, except per share data): Net income (loss) -0.01 Net income (loss) attributable to Cure per common share:, basic and diluted Basic Diluted For the six months ended June 30, 2020 (in thousands, except per share data): Net loss Net loss attributable to Cure per common share:, basic and diluted Basic Diluted 46 Table of Contents million for costs associated with a feasibility study and technology transfer as well as certain milestone payments and royalties on product sales by Canopy with minimum royalties starting in 2020. On October 21, 2020, the Company filed a demand to commence arbitration with the American Arbitration Association against Canopy for Canopy s failure to perform under the License Agreement. On April 28, 2021 the Company entered into an agreement resolving the dispute between the parties, pursuant to which neither party admitted liability, the parties released their respective claims and obligations, and Canopy agreed to pay a total of million, of which million was paid to the Company on May 6, 2021, and the balance of million will be paid to the Company s attorneys within 45 calendar days. During the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized and million of revenue relating to work completed in regard to the transfer of technology fee as discussed in the License Agreement with Canopy, respectively. During the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized and million of revenue relating to work completed in regard to the transfer of technology fee as discussed in the License Agreement with Canopy, respectively. million, of which million was paid to the Company on May 6, 2021, and the balance of million will be paid to the Company s attorneys within 45 calendar days. On March 26, 2021, a vendor that the Company utilized for consulting services relating to various quality, compliance and regulatory filed a complaint against the Company for breach of contract. On May 18, 2021, the Company responded to the complaint denying their claims and also filed a cross complaint against this vendor for breach of contract by failing to provide deliverables as required by the contract. The Company is currently unable to determine what additional expenses will be incurred in order to defend this matter. As such, the Company cannot determine whether there is a reasonable possibility that a loss will be incurred, nor can it estimate the range of any such potential loss. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued an amount for any potential loss associated with this action. 47 Table of Contents million during the first 12 months of the Term. Base monthly rent will increase annually, over the base monthly rent then in effect, by . If the Lease is terminated based on the occurrence of an event of default, The Company will be obligated to pay the abated rent to the lessor. 48 Table of Contents million during the first 12 months of the Term. Base monthly rent will increase annually, over the base monthly rent then in effect, by . If the Lease is terminated based on the occurrence of an event of default, The Company will be obligated to pay the abated rent to the lessor. Total rent expense was million and million for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total rent expense was million and million for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company classified the Sera Labs lease as an operating lease in accordance with ASC 842 and has recognized a right-of-use asset and a lease liability based on the present values of its lease payments over its respective lease term. The Company used the services of a valuation company to compute the IBR which is necessary to determine the present value of its lease payments since a borrowing rate is not explicitly available on the lease agreement. The concluded IBR is . Operating lease payments and lease expense are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As of June 30, 2021, the current portion and long-term portion of operating lease liability is million and million, respectively. The future payments due under the operating lease as of June 30, 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 2022 2023 2024 2025 Undiscounted cash flow Effects of discounting Lease liabilities recognized Finance leases During 2019 the Company entered into a -year equipment lease rental which requires the Company to pay monthly payments of million. The Company determined the payments represented substantially all of the fair value of the asset and recorded a right of use asset for million and a finance lease liability for million during the year ended December 31, 2019 within other assets and liabilities. The company will make payment of annually until October 2024. Interest associated with the lease is million or less annually based on a discount rate of .0 . As of June 30, 2021, the current portion and long-term portion of finance capital lease liability was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, the Company the current and long-term portion of finance capital lease liability was million and million, respectively. Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable capital leases as of June 30, 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 2022 2023 2024 2025 Thereafter Finance lease liabilities recognized 49 Table of Contents Right-of-use lease liabilities, current Right-of-use lease liabilities, noncurrent Total operating lease liabilities Financing Leases Finance lease right-to-use assets, net Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Total financing lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Financing leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Financing leases 50 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with (i) our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and (ii) our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 31, 2021. This Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements are often identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, project, seek, should, target, will, would or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to our outlook; the impact of new accounting standards; our ability to service our debt; our business strategy, including with respect to potential acquisitions; plans and objectives of future operations; the length and severity of the COVID-19 outbreak and its impact on the global economy and our financial results; and our future financial and business performance. The events described in these forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified herein, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors , set forth in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other SEC filings. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. Overview Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc. formerly known as CURE Pharmaceutical Holding Corp. CPHC ), its wholly-owned subsidiaries, CURE Pharmaceutical Corporation CURE Pharmaceutical ), Cure Chemistry Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as CHI and The Sera Labs, Inc. Sera Labs (CPHC, CURE Pharmaceutical, CHI and Sera Labs, collectively the Company, we, our, us, or CURE is a biopharmaceutical company focusing on the development and manufacturing of drug formulation and drug delivery technologies in novel dosage forms to improve drug safety, efficacy and patient adherence. Our mission is to improve lives by redefining how medications are delivered and experienced. Our primary business model is to develop wellness and drug products using our proprietary technology, which development may include preclinical and clinical studies and regulatory approval, and grant product rights to partners responsible for marketing, sales and distribution, while retaining exclusive manufacturing rights. We operate in a 25,000 square foot cGMP manufacturing plant in Oxnard, CA. Our technology platform includes oral thin film OTF ), and encapsulation systems microCURE compatible with OTF, chews, oral solutions, topical and transdermal dose forms. We apply our technology to pharmaceutical drugs and dietary supplements for the wellness market. OTF products are about the size of a postage stamp and composed of excipients such as polymers, stabilizers, lipids and surfactants which are all generally recognized as safe. They can be designed to deliver active ingredients to the gastrointestinal, or GI, tract when placed on the tongue and swallowed, or directly to the blood stream when placed under the tongue (sublingual) or on the inner lining of the cheek and lip (buccal). We sell multiple commercial wellness products under our distribution partners brands. We also develop 50,000IU and Vitamin D3 OTF for oral administration to be distributed by Meroven Pharmaceuticals in the United States and the MENA region. Our pharmaceutical drug program includes: CUREfilm Blue A 25mg and 50mg sildenafil OTF for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. We have completed our pre-IND meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), confirming a 505(b)(2) regulatory path. 51 Table of Contents CUREfilm Canna We are developing several cannabinoid products with optimized pharmacokinetic profiles using microCURE and CUREfilm technology. CUREfilm Anti-Viral We are developing an orally bio-available anti-viral of an existing therapeutic leveraging existing pre-clinical/clinical safety and toxicity data. CUREfilm Central Nervous System (CNS) In the area of CNS indications, we are developing a novel dosage form of a difficult to treat disease states utilizing our proprietary CUREfilm dosage form. These could include but are not limited to mental health disorders such as depression, PTSD, addiction disorders, obsessive compulsive disorder, and anxiety. Background We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 15, 2014. On November 7, 2016, we changed our name from Makkanotti Group Corp to CURE Pharmaceutical Holding Corp. On September 27, 2019, the Company reincorporated from the State of Nevada to the State of Delaware. On October 2, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of Sera Labs, a Delaware corporation pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 23, 2020 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Cure Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Sera Labs and Nancy Duitch, in her capacity as the security holders representative. The Merger Agreement provides for the acquisition of Sera Labs by the Company through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Sera Labs, with Sera Labs surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). Impact of COVID-19 Our financial results and operations for the three months ended June 30, 2021 were not significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The measures we have taken to ensure the availability and functioning of our critical infrastructure, and to promote the safety and security of our employees remain in place. In accordance with public and private sector policies and initiatives to reduce the transmission of COVID-19, we have imposed travel restrictions, adopted policies aimed at promoting social distancing, and implemented work-from-home arrangements for employees where practicable. These measures and our compliance with local and national guidelines aimed at containing the virus could impact our operations and disrupt our business. Currently, our single operating facility is operational, and no reduction in our work force has taken place. CURE Pharmaceutical Corporation Our wholly owned subsidiary and operating business, CURE Pharmaceutical Corporation, located in Oxnard, California was originally incorporated in July 2011 to develop novel drug formulation and delivery technologies. The pharmaceutical industry is facing ever-growing R D expenditures and fewer new drug approvals as a result of increasing regulation, a failure to predict safety problems or a lack of efficacy early in a drug s development, and high investment in new technologies to improve the speed and accuracy of drug development. Researching and developing new molecular entities (NMEs) is risky as measured by an ever-increasing R D spend (13.4 average increase per year), low clinical trial success rate (10 and sluggish NME drug approvals with 48 NMEs approved in 2019, down from 55 in 2018. Faced with these challenges, drug developers are looking toward alternative dosage forms, for which R D investments dwarves those of NMEs. Alternative dosage forms can address safety and efficacy limitations observed during clinical development of an NME using conventional formulations, by improving its pharmacokinetic profile. In addition to these challenges, many marketed drugs are coming off-patent, creating a need to fill revenue gaps. Novel dosage forms can offer strategies for surviving patent cliffs by extending market exclusivity when they address a bona fide unmet need. 52 Table of Contents The pharmaceutical industry is also challenged by the many patients who do not adhere to a regime of prescription drugs because of side effects, difficulty in administration or the taste of a drug. According to HealthPrize and Capgemini, the loss of global revenues by drug makers due to non-adherence to medicines is 630 billion every year and according to a recent paper published in The Annals of Pharmacotherapy titled Cost of Prescription Drug-Related Morbidity and Mortality the estimated annual cost of prescription drug-related morbidity and mortality resulting from nonoptimized medication therapy was 528.4 billion in 2016 US dollars and about 275,689 deaths per year. Medication adherence and the patient experience can be improved with strategies such as replacing an injectable drug with a sublingual drug, simplifying the dosing schedule with a sustained release dosage form and reducing toxicities by avoiding the GI tract (e.g. through transdermal or transmucosal delivery). Improved formulations can address these many challenges by cutting down development costs, reducing the time to market, extending product patent protection, improving patient compliance and increasing drug efficacy. For example, reformulation can enable drug repositioning, the process of finding new uses for failed drugs, such as those abandoned for lack of efficacy or excessive toxicity after Phase II trials, or marketed drugs for which new uses will extend patent life and, therefore, profitability. The FDA approves more reformulations than new chemical entities (NCEs) each year under Section 505(b)(2) of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act 505(b)(2) ). The number of 2018 NDA approvals that used the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway rose dramatically from 45 approvals in 2016 to an all-time high of 75 in 2018 and 64 in 2019. Under Section (505)(b)(2), the FDA may grant market exclusivity for a term of up to three years of exclusivity following approval of a listed drug that contains previously approved active ingredients but is approved in a new dosage, dosage form, route of administration or indication for use. Taken together, the exclusivity period of a drug and the lower R D cost for reformulating a drug, have led to some pharmaceutical companies investigating reformulating their drugs as part of their lifecycle management protocols. Furthermore, patients are increasingly encouraged to take part in their own treatments, and a consumer market has been developing midway between the supermarket-based world of consumer goods companies and the scientific, pharmacy-based world of pharmaceutical firms. The front lines of this battle are wellness products that have been proven to help prevent or cure disease. Breakthroughs in functional medicine suggest a number of opportunities for pharmaceutical companies like CURE. Functional medicines focus on the imbalances underlying disease processes (rather than only symptomatic relief) and they rely on molecular nutrition for patient-specific solutions. These types of nutraceuticals can be synergistic with pharmaceutical treatments, particularly in the emerging endocannabinoid medical market. Our Strategy Our commercial strategy is designed to mitigate risk by pursuing a diversified model in the following categories: Pharmaceuticals We partner with companies that are responsible for marketing and distribution of the products we develop and manufacture. On a case-by-case basis, we may be responsible for clinical development and regulatory approval with the FDA and/or other regulatory bodies. Deal terms may include upfront licensing fees, development costs, milestone payments, royalties and exclusive manufacturing rights. Within this category, we are pursuing products with 505(b)(2) approval pathways such as our Sildenafil OTF CUREfilm Blue. While we currently manufacture nutraceutical products in our state-of-the-art cGMP oral dissolving film manufacturing facility, we are undertaking steps to manufacture pharmaceutical products for commercial use. Cannabinoids and Other Schedule 1 Drugs We are specifically investing in pharmaceutical-grade cannabinoid products, such as tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD). The oral bioavailability of cannabinoids is very low due to extensive first-pass metabolism. Consequently, potency and release times are unpredictable and inconsistent. Moreover, cannabinoids do not readily dissolve in water which adds to dosing difficulties and discrepancies. In addition to improving bioavailability, CUREfilm enables the loading of combinations of cannabinoids and botanical extracts which may provide maximum therapeutic benefit. 53 Table of Contents We are sponsoring preclinical cannabinoid research at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology, where the laboratory of Dr. Dedi Meiri is identifying specific combinations of cannabinoids with anti-tumor effects. We are registered with the Drug Enforcement Administration DEA to manufacture Schedule 1 controlled substances at the Oxnard facility. Wellness We focus on evidence-based wellness products that are differentiated by using proprietary and/or proven active ingredients that we formulate for greater stability, overall quality and increased bioavailability. Wellness products can be cosmetics, OTC or dietary supplements which do not require FDA approval but do require following all GMPs. Thus, they are less costly and faster to launch in the marketplace. We sell white labeled and private labeled wellness products which we produce in our state-of-the-art cGMP manufacturing facility. While manufacturing fees for such products have lower margins than prescription drugs, they provide us with short term revenue opportunities. Our recently acquired wholly-owned subsidiary, Sera Labs, is a trusted leader in the health, wellness, and beauty sectors of innovative products with cutting edge technology and superior ingredients such as CBD. Sera Labs creates high quality products that use science-backed, proprietary formulations. Its more than 20 products are sold under the brand names Seratopical , SeraLabs , and Gordon s Herbals . Sera Labs sells its products at affordable prices, making them easily accessible on a global scale. Strategically positioned in the growth market categories of beauty, health wellness, and pet care, Sera Labs products are sold in major national drug, grocery chains and mass retailers. The company also sells products under private label to major retailers and multi-level marketers, as well as direct-to-consumer (DTC), via online website orders, including opt-in subscriptions. In December 2020, Nicole Kidman became the Global Brand Ambassador and Strategic Partner for Seratopical Skincare. In addition to being the face of the brand, Nicole Kidman will play an integral role in the strategic direction of product development and messaging. This partnership will allow for women of all skin tones and types to look and feel their best by using Sera Labs industry best ingredients. Our Technology As a drug delivery company, we seek to grow our technological capabilities through internal innovation and acquisitions. On May 13, 2019, we acquired Chemistry Holdings, Inc., a formulation technology company that is developing innovative delivery systems for wellness and pharmaceutical products. This acquisition allows us to address the increased demand for solid, chewable, liquid and dermal products for immediate and controlled-release, particularly for poorly soluble molecules such as cannabinoids. Our expanded formulation and delivery platform, CUREform TM combines the right formulation with the right dosage form. In addition to novel chewable dosage forms, the acquisition gives us advanced encapsulation capabilities (microCURE) that serve to: Protect molecules from degradation during the manufacturing process and throughout shelf life Protect molecules from degradation in the body (e.g. stomach acids); and Increase a drug s bioavailability and optimize its release kinetics through: Increased solubility in water and therefore bodily fluids Enhanced permeability and retention in target tissue 54 Table of Contents CUREfilm TM Technology The founders of CURE Pharmaceutical are pioneers in drug delivery and OTF, having launched the first therapeutic OTF product, Chloraseptic relief strips in 2003. OTF products are about the size of a postage stamp and can deliver medicines through the mucosal tissue in the mouth, sublingually or buccally on the cheek or more traditionally via the GI tract. Oral transmucosal drug delivery is a non-invasive route for drug delivery that allows for absorption directly into the vascularized tissue in the mouth, bypassing the hepatic first pass effect. This leads to reduced drug exposure and can offer a rapid onset of action. As an oral OTF, active ingredients can be either pre-solubilized within the matrix or encapsulated, or both for more effective GI absorption and/or sustained release. The quick dissolution nature of OTF means that no water is required for administration, improving patient compliance - especially among the elderly, children, and in conditions where patients have difficulty in swallowing. OTFs have significant advantages compared to other dosage forms (e.g., tablets and capsules), including: Safety and Efficacy Potential for rapid onset of action which can be especially useful for indications such as motion sickness, erectile dysfunction, seizures, allergic attack or coughing, bronchitis or asthma. Potential to extend a drug s half-life and consequently extending dosage intervals. Transmucosal delivery can improve a drug s safety profile of therapy such as reduced gastric irritation. Transmucosal delivery can improve a drug s efficacy in patients with GI absorption issues. Accuracy in the administered dose can be better assured for each film. Patient Experience and Medication Adherence Difficulty swallowing tablets and capsules can be a problem for many individuals and can lead to a variety of adverse events and patient noncompliance with treatment regimens. It is estimated that over 16 million people in the United States have some difficulty swallowing, also known as dysphagia. Studies in adults evaluating the effect of tablet and capsule size on ease of swallowing suggest that increases in size are associated with increases in patient complaints related to swallowing difficulties at tablet sizes greater than approximately 8 mm in diameter. OTFs can readily be taken without the need to swallow or use of water or other beverages. Upon administration, there is a relatively low risk of the patient choking which can be most beneficial for patients suffering from motion sickness, dysphagia and repeated emesis. Easily administered to bedridden and non-cooperative patients (e.g., geriatric, pediatric, and psychiatric). They are hard to spit out. Configured with physical dimensions such that it is relatively easy and convenient to store and carry. Patients can conveniently carry multiple dissolvable films in his or her pocket or wallet. A single dose of strip can be carried individually without requiring the secondary container. OTFs are flexible with a pleasant mouth feel unlike oral dissolvable tablets which are brittle. Manufacturing and logistics The pouches or sachets offer larger printable 2D areas which traditional drug product formats do not. This allows the manufacturer to adapt to rapidly evolving labeling and regulatory requirements for information and anti-counterfeiting, such as product serialization. The manufacturing process has a low carbon footprint, with lower use of water for component preparation and sterilization as compared with other dosage forms. Even though not necessarily sterile, each dose unit is packed individually avoiding contact with other units. Tensile strength and plasticity of OTF allow for handling single, individual dose units without damage to the dosage form. Multiple SKUs can be produced by simply modifying the length of the OTF. Enables anti-counterfeit management and dose management. Adaptable for use with dispensing devices for pharmacy preparation or self-administration. Can be easily and conveniently handled, stored, and transported at room temperature. 55 Table of Contents The CUREfilm platform is a scalable and versatile formulation and drug delivery system for both oral (OTF) and transdermal (skin) delivery. We believe that CUREfilm formulations can improve or match the pharmacokinetics of drugs in accordance with the desired outcome. The platform is compatible with a broad spectrum of molecules, for the formulation of both investigational and marketed prescription drugs and nutraceutical products. The specific advantages below are present with multiple CUREfilm products and platform technologies. The advantages listed below are expressly described in CURE s patent documents. Other advantages are present in specific products and platform technologies but not outlined in the patent documents and kept as trade secrets and proprietary equipment designs. Additional advantages are described in pending and unpublished patent documents, including, but not limited to the following: loading of multiple active ingredients on one dose unit; ability to accommodate high drug load per dose unit (e.g. > 200 mg); quickly dissolving/disintegrating (e.g. potential for low moisture level (e.g. ability to achieve desired performance characteristics while maintaining pleasant feeling in the mouth (e.g. soft, plush feeling with pliable film); ability to achieve desired performance characteristics while formulating active ingredients susceptible to degradation from low pH environments, light, heat, moisture, and oxygen; and multiple and unique ways to mask the bitter, metallic or salty taste of an active ingredient. Intellectual Property The competitive advantages of the CUREform TM platform and products are protected by issued and ending patents, as well as trade secrets such as proprietary equipment design and manufacturing processes which allow us to produce CUREform products at commercial scale in a cGMP environment. We will be able to protect our technology and products from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent it is covered by valid and enforceable claims of our patents or is effectively maintained as trade secrets. Patents and other proprietary rights are thus an essential element of our business. Our success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, technology, and know-how, to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing it proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent applications related to our proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. We own or have exclusive rights to fourteen (14) issued U.S. patents, two (2) allowed U.S. patents, twenty three (23) pending applications in the United States, one (1) issued patent in China and one (1) international Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT patent application. These patents and applications relate, among others, to: a method and apparatus for minimizing heat, moisture, and shear damage to medicant incorporated into an edible film; edible films for administration of medicaments to animals; methods for modulating dissolution, bioavailability, bioequivalence; pharmaceutical composition and method of manufacturing; 56 Table of Contents pharmaceutical composition with ionically crosslinked polymer encapsulation of active ingredient; multi-layered high dosage dissolvable film for oral administration; thin films with high load of active ingredient; high dosage dissolvable films for oral administration; methods and composition for improving sleep; oral dissolvable film that includes plant extracts and controlled substances; rapidly disintegrating film matrix for moisture sensitive compounds; protein-polysaccharide macromolecular complexes encapsulating ethyl alcohol; self-emulsifying oral thin film compositions; and topical preparation. Granted U.S. patents will expire between 2023 and 2035, excluding any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. If issued, pending applications would expire in 2040, excluding any patent term adjustment that might be available following the grant of the patent and any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. We have five (5) registered trade and logomarks, and one pending trademark registration for which the opposition periods have expired without any opposition being filed. Competition We face competition from pharmaceutical companies, generic drug companies, wellness and nutraceutical companies, as well as organizations developing advanced drug delivery platforms such as Lonza, Aquestive Therapeutics, BioDelivery Sciences International, IntelGenx, ARx Pharma and LTS Lohmann which have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we have. Furthermore, we face competition from these entities as well as universities, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific and management personnel and for licenses to additional technologies. Our success will be based in part on our ability to develop and manufacture products that address unmet medical needs and create value to patients at competitive price points. In addition, continuing to build our intellectual property portfolio and designing innovative approaches that surpass our competitors patents will be critical to success. Environmental Compliance Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and chemicals. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specific waste products. We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of bio-hazardous materials. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations could be significant and may adversely affect capital expenditures to the extent we are required to procure expensive capital equipment to meet regulatory requirements. At this time, we believe that we are in compliance with environmental regulations applicable to our research and development and manufacturing facility located in Oxnard, California. Employees As of the date of this filing, we have 39 full-time employees. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 57 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Revenues for the Three Months and Six Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 Revenues for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 was 2.1 million and 3.6 million, respectively, as compared to 0.3 million and 0.5 million, respectively, for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. The increase in revenue for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 was mainly due to 2.0 million and 3.3 million, respectively, of revenue attributed from Sera Labs. Revenue from Sera Labs was mainly from direct-to-consumer sales of our gummy products in both periods. The Company did not incur any revenues from Sera Labs during the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 as Sera Labs was acquired on October 2, 2020. Cost of Goods Sold Cost of goods sold was 0.8 million and 1.2 million, respectively, in the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to 0.1 million and 0.2 million, respectively, in the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. Cost of goods sold increased by approximately 0.7 million and 1.0 million during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. The increase was primarily due to the Company generating substantially more revenue from Sera Labs sales during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 as noted above compared to the same period in 2020. In addition, revenue from Sera Labs were from products that have a higher gross margin compared to products sold by Cure Pharmaceutical during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. Research and Development Expenses For the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, research and development expenses decreased to 0.7 million and 1.4 million, respectively, compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 of 0.7 million and 1.5 million, respectively. The slight decrease in research and development expenses is mainly due to the Company not incurring the same third party contractor expenses for our CUREfilm Blue product during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. However, the decrease in our third party contractor expenses was offset by the increase in expenses incurred in developing CUREfilm anti-Viral, CUREfilm CNS and various other OTF and other delivery forms during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Our expenses for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 are summarized as follows in comparison to our expenses for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 (in thousands). Three Months Ended Six Months Ended June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 Consulting 114 378 392 602 Salaries and wages 696 264 1,365 524 Selling, general and administrative 3,001 833 5,255 1,406 Professional services and investor relations 353 496 1,797 1,034 Noncash compensation 608 540 1,507 1,069 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 4,772 2,511 10,316 4,635 58 Table of Contents Consulting Consulting expense decreased by 0.3 million and 0.2 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, respectively, as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. This was due to the Company decreasing the number of consultants used during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. In addition, a majority of the expenses during the three and six months period ended June 30, 2020 related to noncash consulting services whereby the Company issued common stock shares in exchange for services performed over a period of time. Salaries and wages Salaries and wages expense increased by approximately 0.4 million and 0.9 million during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, respectively, as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. This was due to an increase in twelve (12) new employees from the acquisition of Sera Labs in October 2020. These employees were not part of the Company during the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2020. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expense increased by approximately 2.2 million and 3.9 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, respectively, as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. This was mainly due to marketing and advertising spends as well as selling expenses incurred by Sera Labs, which was not part of the Company during the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. In addition, the Company incurred amortization expense relating to the Sera Labs intangible assets acquired of 0.6 million and 1.2 million during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 as well as the Company began amortizing completed IPR D during the three months ended June 30, 2021 that were not incurred during the same periods in 2020. Professional Services and Investor Relations Professional Services and investor relations expenses decreased by approximately 0.1 million and increased by approximately 0.8 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, respectively, as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. The decrease was a result of the Company reducing our investor relation efforts during the three months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. The increase during the six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 was due to the Company recording the fair value of the common stock issued to investor relation firms which was not present during the six months ended June 30, 2020. The issuance of common stock to these investor relations firms was to help increase awareness of our Company with potential new investors as well as to update our existing shareholder base. In addition, the Company increased our legal and accounting professional services during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 as to assist the Company in strategic planning and advisory for potential business acquisitions, tax planning, patent and technology acquisitions and general and corporate compliance services. Non-cash Compensation Non-cash compensation expense increased by approximately 0.1 million and 0.4 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, respectively, as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. This was primarily due to the Company recording the fair value of vested stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units issued from our 2017 Equity Plan during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021. As the Company issued stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units during 2020, the Company incurred more vested awards from our 2017 Equity Plan during the three and six months period ended June 30, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. 59 Table of Contents Change in Fair Value Contingent Stock Consideration The change in fair value contingent stock consideration decreased by approximately 11.2 million and 7.2 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020. This was primarily due to the Company and CHI entering into a settlement arrangement on June 5, 2020 in order to settle the contingent shares in full which resulted in a significant decrease in the change in fair value of contingent stock consideration. No similar transaction incurred during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021.. Other Income/ (Expense) For the three months ended For the six months ended June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 (in thousands) Interest income 1 5 2 20 Gain from settlement 2,434 26 2,434 26 Gain from extinguishment of debt 335 - 734 - Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment - - (41 - Change in fair value of derivative liability - 12 - 75 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes (692 - 340 - Interest expense (134 (15 (199 (28 Total other income (expense) 1,944 28 3,270 93 Other income/(expense) increased by approximately 2.0 million and 3.2 million during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, respectively, as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. This was primarily due to (i) a decrease in the change in fair value of convertible promissory notes during the three months ended June 30, 2021 and increase in the change in fair value of convertible promissory notes during the six months ended June 30, 2021, (ii) a gain on extinguishment of the PPP loan that was forgiven during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, (iii) a gain on settlement of approximately 2.4 million relating to the settlement reached between the Company and Canopy during the three months period ended June 30, 2021and (iv) an increase in interest expense relating to the increase in notes payable acquired during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021. 60 Table of Contents LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES As of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020 Working Capital Deficit (in thousands) June 30, 2021 December 31, 2020 Current assets 3,290 3,850 Current liabilities (17,039 (14,467 Working capital (deficiency) (13,749 (10,617 Working capital deficit as of June 30, 2021 was approximately 13.7 million, as compared to a working capital deficit of approximately 10.6 million as of December 31, 2020. As of June 30, 2021, current assets were approximately 3.3 million, comprised primarily of (i) cash of approximately 1.7 million, (ii) accounts receivable, net of approximately 0.2 million, (iii) inventory, net of approximately 0.8 million and (iv) prepaid expenses and other assets of approximately 0.5 million. As of December 31, 2020, current assets were approximately 3.9 million, comprised primarily of (i) cash of approximately 1.7 million, (ii) accounts receivable, net of approximately 0.2 million, (iii) inventory, net of approximately 0.5 million and (iv) prepaid expenses and other assets of approximately 1.5 million. As of June 30, 2021, current liabilities were approximately 17.0 million, comprised primarily of (i) approximately 9.3 million in notes payable, convertible notes payable and fair value of convertible promissory notes (ii) 1.2 million in related party payable, (iii) approximately 2.0 million in accounts payable; (iv) approximately 3.7 million in accrued expenses (v) approximately 0.6 million in contract liabilities and (vi) approximately 0.1 million of finance and operating lease payables. Comparatively, as of December 31, 2020, current liabilities were approximately 14.5 million, comprised primarily of (i) approximately 8.9 million in loans, notes payable, paycheck protection program loans convertible notes payable and fair value convertible promissory notes, (ii) approximately 2.1 million in accounts payable; (ii) approximately 1 million in contract liabilities and (iii) approximately 1.3 million in accrued expenses, (iv) approximately 0.1 million of finance and operating lease payables and (v) approximately 1.0 million in related party payable. Net Cash (in thousands) For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2021 June 30, 2020 Net cash used in operating activities (656 (3.778 Net cash used in investing activities (99 (844 Net cash provided by financing activities 731 1,955 Decrease in cash (24 (2.667 Net cash used in Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 0.7 million during the six months ended June 30, 2021. This was primarily due to the net loss of approximately 4.5 million, as well as (i) gain from extinguishment of debt of approximately 0.7 million, (ii) the change in fair value of contingent share consideration of 1.6 million, and (iii) change in fair value of convertible promissory notes of approximately 0.3 million and was partially offset by (i) stock based compensation for services of approximately 0.8 million, (ii) depreciation and amortization of approximately 1.6 million and (iii) fair value of vested stock options and restricted stock of approximately 1.8 million . 61 Table of Contents Comparatively, net cash used in operating activities was approximately 3.8 million during the six months ended June 30, 2020. This was primarily due to the net loss of approximately 11.4 million, partially offset by (i) the change in fair value of contingent share consideration of 5.7 million and (ii) the change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 0.08 million which was increased by (iii) stock based compensation of approximately 0.7 million, (iv) depreciation and amortization of approximately 0.2 million and (v) the fair value of vested stock options and restricted stock of approximately 1.1 million. Net cash used in Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities of approximately 0.1 million during the six months ended June 30, 2021 was due to (i) the purchase of an intangible asset for approximately 0.07 million, (ii) the purchase of property and equipment for approximately 0.03 million (iii) purchase of a note receivable of approximately 0.2 million and (iv) collection of notes receivable of approximately 0.2 million. Comparatively, net cash used in investing activities of approximately 0.8 million during the six months ended June 30, 2020 was due to (i) the investment in Relief Europe of 0.3 million (ii) the purchase of an intangible asset for approximately 0.01 million and (iii) the purchase of property and equipment for approximately 0.6 million. Net cash provided by Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities of approximately 0.7 million during the six months ended June 30, 2021 was due to (i) proceeds from notes payable of approximately of 0.8 million, (ii) proceeds from related party payable and (iii) repayment of loan payable of approximately 0.2 million. Correspondingly, net cash provided by financing activities of approximately 2 million during the six months ended June30, 2020 was due to (i) proceeds from the exercise of warrants of approximately 1.4 million, (ii) proceeds from notes payable of approximately of 0.6 million and (iii) repayment of loan payable of approximately 0.1 million. We may need to raise additional operating capital in calendar year 2021 in order to maintain our operations and to realize our business plan. Without additional sources of cash and/or the deferral, reduction, or elimination of significant planned expenditures, we may not have the cash resources to continue as a going concern thereafter. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has defined a company s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company s financial condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results. Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments, or condition. Our 2020 Annual Report, contains additional information regarding the critical accounting policies that affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There have been no material changes to these policies in 2021. Please refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding recently adopted accounting standards. 62 Table of Contents RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See Note 2 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a summary of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS As of the date of this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Information for this Item is not required as we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are designed to ensure that: (1) information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (2) such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting as a result of the identified material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system, including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication and (v) monitoring. Identified Material Weakness A material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement or the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Management identified the segregation of duties as a material weakness during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. Management has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions planned include: 63 Table of Contents re-design of our accounting processes and control procedures and identify gaps in our skills base and the expertise of our staff required to meet the financial reporting requirements of a public company. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and into the six months ended June 30, 2021, we continued to execute upon our planned remediation actions which are all intended to strengthen our overall control environment. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2019 management hired a Chief Financial Officer. Our Chief Financial Officer is an experienced C-Level executive. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2019 we hired a new Controller with expertise in functional areas of finance and accounting. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, we hired a senior accountant with over 15 years various accounting positions. We believe the above additions have improved our segregation of duties as well as added to the overall Additionally, Management has engaged a professional services firm with expertise in internal controls. In order to remediate the material weaknesses described above, management has initiated compensating controls in the near term and are enhancing and revising the design of existing controls and procedures to properly account for significant and unusual transactions. The following are the primary remediation efforts made by the Company: prepare accounting memos over the debt issuances made by the Company in fiscal 2020 which include derivative and warrants Review of the purchase accounting entries made in connection with acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2020 Forms 10-Q and 10-K review to ensure the appropriate disclosures are made within the SEC filed documents In addition, the Company engaged external SOX consultants to further enhance the Company s internal control environment. After several meetings with the key accounting personnel the following were put in place: Adoption of COSO 2013 SOX risk assessment memo Entity level COSO mapping SOX control narratives for financial reporting as well as other processes While we believe these additions have addressed our lack of segregation of duties, due to the timing of the events, we were not able to mitigate the material weakness for the three months period ended June 30, 2021. We are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and believe that these remediation efforts will represent significant improvements in our control environment. Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. Management, with the participation of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a15(e) and 15d15(e)) as of June 30, 2021, the end of the period covered by this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that as of June 30, 2021, the Company s disclosure controls are not effective as a result of the identified material weakness described herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2021 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to have a material effect, on our internal control over financial reporting. 64 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We currently are not a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, in management s opinion, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, any litigation could have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. The information contained in Note 21 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. Except as set forth therein, there have been no new material legal proceedings and no material developments in the legal proceedings reported in our 2020 Annual Report. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks that could materially affect our business. For a detailed discussion of the risks that affect our business, please refer to Part I Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021. There have been no material changes to the risk factors as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as follows: Global economic conditions, including those resulting from the widespread outbreak of COVID-19, may negatively impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. A general weakening or decline in the global economy or a reduction in industrial outputs, business or consumer spending or confidence could delay or significantly decrease purchases of the Company s products by its customers and end users. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, which could include the Company s maintenance products and homecare and cleaning products, may decline during periods where disposable income is reduced or there is economic uncertainty, and this may negatively impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Company s sales and operating results may be affected by uncertain or changing economic and market conditions, including inflation, deflation, prolonged weak consumer demand, political instability, public health crises or other changes that may affect the principal markets, trade channels, and industrial segments in which the Company conducts its business. Public health crises, including epidemics or pandemics, may affect the principal markets, trade channels, and industrial segments in which the Company conducts its business. For example, the Company is monitoring the impact of the recent global outbreak of COVID-19, which was first detected in China in 2019 and subsequently declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020. COVID-19 has already caused a significant disruption to global financial markets and supply chains. The significance of the operational and financial impact to the Company will depend on how long and widespread this disruption proves to be. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts the Company s results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the outbreak and the international actions that are being taken to contain and treat it. While the Company currently expects this business disruption to be temporary, there is uncertainty around its duration and its broader impact, and therefore the effects it will have on the Company s financial results and operations. If economic or market conditions in key global markets continue to deteriorate, the Company may experience material adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 65 Table of Contents Adverse economic and market conditions could also harm the Company s business by negatively affecting the parties with whom it does business, including its customers and third-party contract manufacturers and suppliers. These conditions could impair the ability of the Company s customers to pay for products they have purchased from the Company. As a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable from the Company s customers may increase. In addition, the Company s third-party contract manufacturers and their suppliers may experience financial difficulties or business disruptions that could negatively affect their operations and their ability to supply the Company with finished goods and the raw materials, packaging, and components required for the Company s products. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS From January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021, the Company issued 646,512 common stock shares, at prices per share ranging from 0.98 to 1.85 in connection to several consulting agreements. The total value of these issuances was 0.7 million. From January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021, the Company issued 26,936 common stock shares, at a price of 1.30 per share, from the exercise of certain warrants. Total value of these issuances was 0.03 million. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES As of June 30, 2021, there were two convertible promissory notes (the Defaulted Notes totaling 550,000 that were in default as the maturity dates of these Notes have expired and have not yet been repaid or converted into common stock shares of the Company. The Company has offered to either repay the Defaulted Notes or request to have them converted into common stock shares of the Company. As of our filing of our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021, the note holders of the Defaulted Notes have not yet communicated their intent to either receive payment or convert. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. 66 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1# Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2# Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document _____________ # The information in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (including this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), unless the Registrant specifically incorporates the foregoing information into those documents by reference. In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act or Section 18 of the Exchange Act and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 67 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. Dated: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Nancy Duitch Nancy Duitch Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: /s/ Nancy Duitch Nancy Duitch Chief Executive Officer October 9, 2024 /s/ Joel Bennett Joel Bennett Chief Financial Officer October 9, 2024 68 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 avrw_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 avrw_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Nancy Duitch, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Nancy Duitch Nancy Duitch Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 avrw_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 avrw_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Joel Bennett, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Joel Bennett Joel Bennett Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 avrw_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 avrw_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report of Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, Nancy Duitch, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Nancy Duitch Nancy Duitch Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 avrw_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 avrw_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report of Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, Joel Bennett, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Joel Bennett Joel Bennett Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 avrw-20210630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 avrw-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 avrw-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 avrw-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

