<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241017_10-Q_edgar_data_79879_0000079879-24-000217.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8280357</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117208</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1547006</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2750138</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1983466</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1727173</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000079879-24-000217.hdr.sgml : 20241017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241017160218
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000079879-24-000217
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PPG INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000079879
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAINTS, VARNISHES, LACQUERS, ENAMELS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2851]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				250730780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01687
		FILM NUMBER:		241377593

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PPG PL 40 EAST
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15272
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4124343131

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PPG PL 40 EAST
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15272

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PITTSBURGH PLATE GLASS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19681219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000079879-24-000217.txt : 20241017

10-Q
 1
 ppg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ppg-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission file number 

. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of September 30, 2024, million shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 1.66 2/3 per share, were outstanding. 

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX 
 
 PAGE Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 40 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization Selling, general and administrative Depreciation Amortization Research and development, net Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) ) Pension settlement charge Other (income)/charges, net ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income attributable to controlling and noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income (attributable to PPG) Earnings per common share (attributable to PPG) Earnings per common share (attributable to PPG) - assuming dilution 
 The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this condensed consolidated statement. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to controlling and noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax: Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefits ) ) Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax Total comprehensive income Less: amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests: Net income ) ) ) ) Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments ) Comprehensive income attributable to PPG 
 The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this condensed consolidated statement. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited) 
 in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Receivables, net Inventories Assets held for sale Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Investments Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Restructuring reserves Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Accrued pensions Other postretirement benefits Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 14) 
 Shareholders equity: Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total PPG shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total 
 The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this condensed consolidated statement. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 in millions) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total PPG Non-controlling Interests Total January 1, 2024 Net income attributable to controlling and noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock Stock-based compensation activity ) ) ) Dividends paid on subsidiary common stock to noncontrolling interests ) ) Reductions in noncontrolling interests ) ) March 31, 2024 Net income attributable to the controlling and noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock Stock-based compensation activity Dividends paid on subsidiary common stock to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other ) ) June 30, 2024 Net income attributable to the controlling and noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock Stock-based compensation activity Dividends paid on subsidiary common stock to noncontrolling interests ) ) September 30, 2024 
 The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this condensed consolidated statement. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 in millions) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total PPG Non-controlling Interests Total January 1, 2023 Net income attributable to controlling and noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock Stock-based compensation activity ) ) ) Dividends paid on subsidiary common stock to noncontrolling interests ) ) Reductions in noncontrolling interests ) ) March 31, 2023 Net income attributable to the controlling and noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax Cash dividends ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock Stock-based compensation activity Dividends paid on subsidiary common stock to noncontrolling interests ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests June 30, 2023 Net income attributable to the controlling and noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock Stock-based compensation activity Dividends paid on subsidiary common stock to noncontrolling interests ) ) September 30, 2023 
 The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this condensed consolidated statement. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions) 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income attributable to controlling and noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash from operations: Depreciation and amortization Pension settlement charge Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Cash used for restructuring actions ) ) Change in certain asset and liability accounts (net of acquisitions): Receivables ) ) Inventories ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Taxes and interest payable Noncurrent assets and liabilities, net ) Other ) Cash from operating activities Investing activities: Capital expenditures Business acquisitions, net of cash balances acquired ) ) Proceeds from asset sales Payments for the settlement of cross currency swap contracts ) ) Proceeds from the settlement of cross currency swap contracts Other Cash used for investing activities Financing activities: Net proceeds from commercial paper and short-term debt Net change in borrowing with maturities of three months or less ) ) Proceeds from Term Loan, net of fees Repayment of Term Loan Credit Agreement ) Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) Dividends paid on PPG common stock ) ) Other ) Cash used for financing activities Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid, net of amount capitalized Taxes paid, net of refunds Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: Capital expenditures accrued within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities at period-end 
 The accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this condensed consolidated statement. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1. 
 million. The assets and liabilities related to the silicas products business were classified as held for sale on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 3, Divestitures, for additional information. 
 Net sales, expenses, assets and liabilities can vary during each quarter of the year. Accordingly, the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the trends in these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements may not necessarily be indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 
 Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on our previously reported Net income, total assets, cash flows or shareholders equity. 
 
 2. 
 
 3. 
 million. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter 2024, subject to customary closing conditions. Upon entering into this definitive agreement, the Company determined that the assets and 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation of 281) Goodwill Deferred income taxes Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Assets held for sale Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Liabilities held for sale 

4. 
 Work in process Raw materials Supplies Total Inventories 
 and million and million higher as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Acquisitions, including purchase accounting adjustments Reclassified to assets held for sale (a) 
 ) ) Foreign currency impact ) ) ) September 30, 2024 
 (a) Amount represents the allocation of million of goodwill to the silicas products business disposal group classified as held for sale. Refer to Note 3, Divestitures for further information. 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accumulated goodwill impairment losses totaled million, all of which relates to the Performance Coatings reportable segment. 
 Definite-Lived Identifiable Intangible Assets Acquired technology Customer-related ) ) Trade names ) ) Other ) ) Total Definite-Lived Intangible Assets Total Identifiable Intangible Assets 
 The Company s identifiable intangible assets with definite lives are being amortized over their estimated useful lives. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Approved restructuring actions Release of prior reserves and other adjustments (a) 
 ) ) Cash payments ) ) Foreign currency impact ) September 30 
 (a) Certain releases were recorded to reflect the current estimate of costs to complete planned business restructuring actions. 
 The majority of the approved business restructuring actions and associated cash outlays are expected to be completed in the next twelve months. 
 
 7. 
 million term loan credit agreement (the "Term Loan"). The Term Loan provides the Company with the ability to increase the size of the loan by an amount not to exceed million. The Term Loan contains covenants that are consistent with those in the Credit Agreement discussed below and that are usual and customary restrictive covenants for facilities of its type, which include, with specified exceptions, limitations on the Company s ability to create liens or other encumbrances, to enter into sale and leaseback transactions and to enter into consolidations, mergers or transfers of all or substantially all of its assets. The Term Loan terminates and all amounts outstanding are payable in April 2026. In April 2023, PPG borrowed million under the Term Loan. In December 2023, PPG obtained lender commitments sufficient to increase the size of the Term Loan by million. In January 2024, PPG borrowed the additional million. The Term Loan is denominated in euro and has been designated as a hedge of the net investment in the Company s European operations. For more information, refer to Note 12 Financial Instruments, Hedging Activities and Fair Value Measurements. 
 In March 2023, PPG amended its credit agreement (the Credit Agreement dated as of August 30, 2019. The amendments to the Credit Agreement replace the LIBOR-based reference interest rate option with a reference interest rate option based upon Term SOFR. The other terms of the Credit Agreement remained unchanged. In July 2023, PPG amended and restated the Credit Agreement, extending the term through July 27, 2028. The amended and restated Credit Agreement provides for a billion unsecured revolving credit facility. The Company has the ability to increase the size of the Credit Agreement by up to an additional million, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. The Company has the right, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, to designate certain subsidiaries of the Company as borrowers under the Credit Agreement. In connection with any such designation, the Company is required to guarantee the obligations of any such subsidiaries under the Credit Agreement. There were amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars or in euros. The Credit Agreement provides that loans will bear interest at rates based, at the Company s option, on one of two specified base rates plus a margin based on certain formulas defined in the Credit Agreement. Additionally, the Credit Agreement contains a Commitment Fee, as defined in the Credit Agreement, on the amount of unused commitments under the Credit Agreement ranging from to per annum. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Credit Agreement contains usual and customary restrictive covenants for facilities of its type, which include, with specified exceptions, limitations on the Company s ability to create liens or other encumbrances, to enter into sale and leaseback transactions and to enter into consolidations, mergers or transfers of all or substantially all of its assets. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to maintain a ratio of Total Indebtedness to Total Capitalization, as defined in the Credit Agreement, of or less; provided, that for any fiscal quarter in which the Company has made an acquisition for consideration in excess of billion and for the next five fiscal quarters thereafter, the ratio of Total Indebtedness to Total Capitalization may not exceed at any time. As of September 30, 2024, Total Indebtedness to Total Capitalization as defined under the Credit Agreement was . 
 The Credit Agreement contains, among other things, customary events of default that would permit the lenders to accelerate the loans, including the failure to make timely payments when due under the Credit Agreement or other material indebtedness, the failure to satisfy covenants contained in the Credit Agreement, a change in control of the Company and specified events of bankruptcy and insolvency. 
 Other Long-term Debt Activities 
 In August 2024, PPG's million notes matured, and the Company repaid this obligation using cash on hand. 
 In March 2023, PPG's million notes matured, and the Company repaid this obligation using cash on hand. 
 In May 2022, PPG completed a public offering of million Notes due 2025 and million Notes due 2029. These notes were issued pursuant to PPG s existing shelf registration statement and pursuant to an indenture between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, as supplemented (the "2022 Indenture"). The 2022 Indenture governing these notes contains covenants that limit the Company s ability to, among other things, incur certain liens securing indebtedness, engage in certain sale-leaseback transactions, and enter into certain consolidations, mergers, conveyances, transfers or leases of all or substantially all the Company s assets. The terms of these notes also require the Company to make an offer to repurchase Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the 2022 Indenture) at a price equal to of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company may issue additional debt from time to time pursuant to the Indenture. The aggregate cash proceeds from the notes, net of discounts and fees, was million. The notes are denominated in euro and have been designated as hedges of net investments in the Company s European operations. Refer to Note 12 Financial Instruments, Hedging Activities and Fair Value Measurements. for additional information. 
 In March 2022, PPG privately placed a million fixed interest note. This note contains covenants materially consistent with the notes discussed above. This debt arrangement is denominated in euros and has been designated as a net investment hedge of the Company's European operations. Refer to Note 12 "Financial Instruments, Hedging Activities and Fair Value Measurements" for additional information. 
 In February 2021, PPG entered into a billion Term Loan Credit Agreement (the "Term Loan Credit Agreement") to finance the Company s acquisition of Tikkurila, and to pay fees, costs and expenses related thereto. The Term Loan Credit Agreement provided the Company with the ability to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of billion on an unsecured basis. In addition to the amounts borrowed to finance the acquisition of Tikkurila, the Term Loan Credit Agreement allowed the Company to make up to eleven additional borrowings prior to December 31, 2021, to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Term Loan Credit Agreement contains covenants that are consistent with those in the Credit Agreement discussed above and that are usual and customary restrictive covenants for facilities of its type, which include, with specified exceptions, limitations on the Company s ability to create liens or other encumbrances, to enter into sale and leaseback transactions and to enter into consolidations, mergers or transfers of all or substantially all of its assets. The Term Loan Credit Agreement was scheduled to mature and all outstanding borrowings were to be due and payable on the third anniversary of the date of the initial borrowing under the Agreement. In June 2021, PPG borrowed million under Term Loan Credit Agreement to finance the Company s acquisition of Tikkurila, and to pay fees, costs and expenses related thereto. In December 2021, PPG borrowed an additional million under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. In 2022 and 2023, PPG repaid million and billion, respectively, of the Term Loan Credit Agreement using cash on hand. The Term Loan Credit Agreement was fully repaid as of December 31, 2023. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million or more for longer than the grace period provided under another agreement may result in an event of default under this agreement. None of the Company s primary debt obligations are secured or guaranteed by the Company s affiliates. 
 Letters of Credit and Surety Bonds 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively. 
 
 8. 
 Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Other stock compensation plans Potentially dilutive common shares Adjusted weighted average common shares outstanding Dividends per common share Antidilutive securities (a) : 
 Stock options 
 (a) Excluded from the computation of earnings per diluted share due to their antidilutive effect. 
 
 9. 
 
 Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is based on an estimated annual effective rate, which requires management to make its best estimate of annual pretax income or loss. During the year, PPG management regularly updates forecasted annual pretax results for the various countries in which PPG operates based on changes in factors such as prices, shipments, product mix, raw material inflation and manufacturing operations. To the extent that actual 2024 pretax results for U.S. and foreign income or loss vary from estimates, the actual Income tax expense recognized in 2024 could be different from the forecasted amount used to estimate Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 million and recognized a non-cash Pension settlement charge of million. 
 The service cost component of net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit cost is included in Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, Selling, general and administrative, and Research and development, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of income. Except for the Pension settlement charge in the quarter ended March 31, 2023, all other components of net periodic benefit cost are recorded in Other (income)/charges, net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of income. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses Settlements Net periodic benefit cost 
 Other Postretirement Benefits Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Amortization of actuarial gains ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost 
 Net periodic pension cost was lower for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to the Pension settlement charge recognized in the first quarter 2023. 
 PPG expects 2024 full year net periodic pension expense of approximately million and net periodic other postretirement expense of approximately million. 
 Non-U.S. defined benefit pension mandatory contributions Total defined benefit pension mandatory contributions 
 PPG expects to make mandatory contributions to its defined benefit pension plans in the range of million to million during the remaining three months of 2024. In addition to any mandatory contributions, PPG may elect to make voluntary contributions to its defined benefit pension plans in 2024 and beyond. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 11.) Current year deferrals to AOCL ) Reclassifications from AOCL to net income September 30, 2023 January 1, 2024 Current year deferrals to AOCL ) ) Reclassifications from AOCL to net income September 30, 2024 
 (a) The tax cost related to unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments on net investment hedges was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (b) The tax benefit related to the adjustment for pension and other postretirement benefits was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Reclassifications from AOCL are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (See Note 10, "Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits"). 
 
 12. 
 million o f fixed rate debt to variable rate debt as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges and are carried at 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 At times, PPG designates certain foreign currency forward contracts as cash flow hedges of the Company s exposure to variability in exchange rates on third party transactions denominated in foreign currencies. There were outstanding cash flow hedges at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 PPG uses cross currency swaps and foreign currency euro-denominated debt to hedge a significant portion of its net investment in its European operations, as follows: 
 PPG had U.S. dollar to euro cross currency swap contracts with total notional amounts of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and designated these contracts as hedges of the Company's net investment in its European operations. During the term of these contracts, PPG will receive payments in U.S. dollars and make payments in euros to the counterparties. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the U.S. dollar to euro cross currency swap contracts were net asse ts of million and million, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, PPG had designated billion and billion , respectively, of euro-denominated borrowings as hedges of a portion of its net investment in the Company's European operations. The carrying value of these instruments were billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 PPG uses foreign currency forward contracts to manage certain net transaction exposures that either have not been elected, or do not qualify for hedge accounting; therefore, the change in the fair value of these instruments is recorded in Other (income)/charges, net in the condensed consolidated statement of income in the period of change. Underlying notional amounts related to these foreign currency forward contracts were billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair values of these contracts were net liabilities of million as of September 30, 2024 and net assets of million as of December 31, 2023. 
 Gains/Losses Deferred in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Other (income)/charges, net Fair Value Interest rate swaps 
 ) ) Interest expense Total forward contracts and interest rate swaps Net Investment Cross currency swaps Interest expense Foreign denominated debt ) Total Net Investment 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign currency forward contracts (a) 
 Cross currency swaps (b) 
 Investments: Marketable equity securities Other assets: Cross currency swaps (b) 
 Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts (a) 
 Other liabilities: Interest rate swaps (c) 
 
 (a) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 (b) Net investment hedges 
 (c) Fair value hedges 
 Long-Term Debt 
 Long-term debt - fair value 
 (a) Excludes finance lease obligations of million and short-term borrowings of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 million and short-term borrowings of million as of December 31, 2023. 
 . 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 Income tax benefit recognized 
 Restricted stock units Contingent shares (a) 
 
 (a) The number of contingent shares represents the target value of the award. 
 Stock options are generally exercisable months after being granted and have a maximum term of years. Compensation expense for stock options is recorded over the vesting period based on the fair value on the date of grant. 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected life of option in years Expected dividend yield Expected volatility 
 The risk-free interest rate is determined by using the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the date of the grant and using a maturity equal to the expected life of the option. The expected life of options is calculated using the average of the vesting term and the maximum term, as prescribed by accounting guidance on the use of the simplified method for determining the expected term of an employee share option. The expected dividend yield and volatility are based on historical stock prices and dividend amounts over past time periods equal in length to the expected life of the options. 
 Time-based RSUs generally vest over the period following the date of grant, unless forfeited, and will be paid out in the form of stock, cash or a combination of both at the Company s discretion at the end of the vesting period. Performance-based RSUs vest based on achieving specific annual performance targets for adjusted earnings per share growth and cash flow return on capital over the three calendar year-end periods following the date of grant. Unless forfeited, the performance-based RSUs will be paid out in the form of stock, cash or a combination of both at the Company s discretion at the end of the performance period if PPG meets the performance targets. 
 The amount paid upon vesting of performance-based RSUs may range from to of the original grant, based upon the level of adjusted earnings per share growth achieved and frequency with which the annual cash flow return on capital performance target is met over the three calendar year periods comprising the vesting period. Performance against the earnings per share growth and the cash flow return on capital target is calculated annually, and the annual payout for each goal is weighted equally over the period. 
 The Company also provides grants of contingent shares to selected key executives that may be earned based on PPG's TSR over the period following the date of grant. Contingent share grants (referred to as TSR awards are made annually and are paid out at the end of each period based on the Company s stock 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 period following the date of grant. This comparison group represents the entire S P 500 Index as it existed at the beginning of the performance period, excluding any companies that were removed from the index because they ceased to be publicly traded. The payment of awards following the award period is based on performance achieved in accordance with the scale set forth in the plan agreement and may range from to of the initial grant. A payout of is earned if target performance is achieved. Contingent share awards earn dividend equivalents for the award period, which are paid to participants or credited to the participants deferred compensation plan accounts with the award payout at the end of the period based on the actual number of contingent shares that are earned. Any payments made at the end of the award period may be in the form of stock, cash or a combination of both. The TSR awards are classified as liability awards, and compensation expense is recognized over the award period based on the fair value of the awards (giving consideration to the Company s percentile rank of TSR) remeasured in each reporting period until settlement of the awards. 
 
 14. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 The Company believes that, based on presently available information, the total reserves of million for asbestos-related claims will be sufficient to encompass all of the Company s current and estimable potential future asbestos liabilities. These reserves, which are included within Other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, involve significant management judgment and represent the Company s current best estimate of its liability for these claims. 
 The amount reserved for asbestos-related claims by its nature is subject to many uncertainties that may change over time, including (i) the ultimate number of claims filed; (ii) whether closed, dismissed or dormant claims are reinstituted, reinstated or revived; (iii) the amounts required to resolve both currently known and future unknown claims; (iv) the amount of insurance, if any, available to cover such claims; (v) the unpredictable aspects of the tort system, including a changing trial docket and the jurisdictions in which trials are scheduled; (vi) the outcome of any trials, including potential judgments or jury verdicts; (vii) the lack of specific information in many cases concerning 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Glass and chemical Other Total environmental reserves Current portion) Cash outlays for environmental remediation activities 
 In the second quarter 2024, the Company recognized pretax environmental remediation charges of million related to certain legacy PPG manufacturing sites. These legacy environmental remediation charges primarily relate to an increase in the expected cost of groundwater remediation and monitoring at the New Jersey Chrome site and a remedial action design change for the solid waste disposal area at the Ford City, Pennsylvania site. 
 Remediation: New Jersey Chrome 
 In June 2009, PPG entered into a settlement agreement with the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection NJDEP and Jersey City, New Jersey (which had asserted claims against PPG for lost tax revenue) which was in the form of a Partial Consent Judgment (the "Consent"). Under the Consent, PPG accepted sole responsibility for the remediation activities at its former chromium manufacturing location in Jersey City and a number of additional surrounding sites. Remediation of the New Jersey Chrome sites requires PPG to remediate soil and groundwater contaminated by hexavalent chromium, as well as perform certain other environmental remediation activities. The most significant assumptions underlying the estimate of remediation costs for all New Jersey Chrome sites relate to the extent and concentration of chromium in the soil. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. The major cost components of this liability are related to excavation of impacted soil as well as groundwater remediation. These components each account for approximately and of the amount accrued at September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 There are multiple, future events yet to occur, including further remedy selection and design, remedy implementation and execution and applicable governmental agency or community organization approvals. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding the timing of these future events for the New Jersey Chrome sites. Further resolution of these events is expected to occur over the next several years. As these events occur and to the extent that the cost estimates of the environmental remediation remedies change, the existing reserve for this environmental remediation matter will continue to be adjusted. 
 Remediation: Glass, Chemicals and Other Sites 
 Among other sites at which PPG is managing environmental liabilities, remedial actions are occurring at a chemical manufacturing site in Barberton, Ohio where PPG has completed a Facility Investigation and Corrective Measure Study under the United States Environmental Protection Agency's Resource Conservation and Recovery Act Corrective Action Program. PPG has also been addressing the impacts from a legacy plate glass manufacturing site in Kokomo, Indiana under the Voluntary Remediation Program of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management and a site associated with a legacy plate glass manufacturing site near Ford City, Pennsylvania under the Pennsylvania Land Recycling Program under the oversight of the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection. PPG is currently performing additional investigation and remedial activities at these locations. 
 With respect to certain other waste sites, the financial condition of other potentially responsible parties also contributes to the uncertainty of estimating PPG s final costs. Although contributors of waste to sites involving other potentially responsible parties may face governmental agency assertions of joint and several liability, in general, final allocations of costs are made based on the relative contributions of wastes to such sites. PPG is generally not a major contributor to such sites. 
 Remediation: Reasonably Possible Matters 
 In addition to the amounts currently reserved for environmental remediation, the Company may be subject to loss contingencies related to environmental matters estimated to be as much as million to million. Such unreserved losses are reasonably possible but are not currently considered to be probable of occurrence. These reasonably possible unreserved losses relate to environmental matters at a number of sites, none of which are individually significant. The loss contingencies related to these sites include significant unresolved issues such as the nature and extent of contamination at these sites and the methods that may have to be employed to remediate them. 
 The impact of evolving programs, such as natural resource damage claims, industrial site re-use initiatives and domestic and international remediation programs, also adds to the present uncertainties with regard to the ultimate resolution of this unreserved exposure to future loss. The Company s assessment of the potential impact of these environmental contingencies is subject to considerable uncertainty due to the complex, ongoing and evolving process of investigation and remediation, if necessary, of such environmental contingencies, and the potential for technological and regulatory developments. 
 
 15. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 of total revenue. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") Asia Pacific Latin America Total Industrial Coatings United States and Canada EMEA Asia Pacific Latin America Total Total Net Sales United States and Canada EMEA Asia Pacific Latin America Total PPG 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 All trade receivables are reported on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at the outstanding principal amount adjusted for any allowance for doubtful accounts and any charge-offs. PPG provides an allowance for doubtful accounts to reduce trade receivables to their estimated net realizable value equal to the amount that is expected to be collected. This allowance is estimated based on historical collection experience, current regional economic and market conditions, the aging of accounts receivable, assessments of current creditworthiness of customers and forward-looking information. The use of forward-looking information is based on certain macroeconomic and microeconomic indicators, including, but not limited to, regional business environment risk, political risk, and commercial and financing risks. 
 PPG reviews its allowance for doubtful accounts on a quarterly basis to ensure the estimate reflects regional risk trends as well as current and future global operating conditions. 
 Bad debt expense Write-offs and recoveries of previously reserved trade receivables ) ) Other ) September 30 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 operating segments (which the Company refers to as strategic business units that are organized based on the Company s major products lines. The Company s reportable business segments include the following segments: Performance Coatings and Industrial Coatings. The operating segments have been aggregated based on economic similarities, the nature of their products, production processes, end-use markets and methods of distribution. 
 The Performance Coatings reportable business segment is comprised of the automotive refinish coatings, aerospace coatings, architectural coatings Americas and Asia Pacific, architectural coatings EMEA, protective and marine coatings and traffic solutions operating segments. This reportable business segment primarily supplies a variety of protective and decorative coatings, adhesives, sealants and finishes, along with paint strippers, stains and related chemicals, pavement marking products, transparencies and transparent armor and paint films. 
 The Industrial Coatings reportable business segment is comprised of the automotive original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") coatings, industrial coatings, packaging coatings and specialty coatings and materials operating segments. This reportable business segment primarily supplies a variety of protective and decorative coatings and finishes along with adhesives, sealants, metal pretreatment products, optical monomers and coatings, low-friction coatings, paint films, precipitated silicas and other specialty materials. 
 Industrial Coatings Total Segment income: Performance Coatings Industrial Coatings Total Corporate unallocated ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net of interest income ) ) ) ) Business restructuring-related costs, net (a) 
 ) ) ) Portfolio optimization (b) 
 ) ) ) ) Legacy environmental remediation charges (c) 
 ) Pension settlement charge (d) 
 ) Insurance recovery (e) 
 Income before income taxes 
 (a) Business restructuring-related costs, net include business restructuring charges, offset by releases related to previously approved programs, which are included in Other (income)/charges, net on the condensed consolidated statement of income, accelerated depreciation of certain assets, which is included in Depreciation on the condensed consolidated statement of income and other restructuring-related costs, which are included in Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization and Selling, general and administrative on the condensed consolidated statement of income. 
 (b) Portfolio optimization includes losses on the sale of non-core assets, including the loss recognized in the second quarter 2024 on the sale of the Company's traffic solutions business in Argentina and the loss recognized in the third quarter 2023 on the sale of the Company's legacy industrial Russian operations, which are included in Other (income)/charges, net in the condensed consolidated statement of income. Portfolio optimization also includes advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, other professional or consulting fees and certain internal costs directly incurred to effect acquisitions, as well as similar fees and other costs to effect divestitures and other portfolio optimization exit actions. These costs are included in Selling, general and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statement of income. In 2023, net loss of million was attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
 (c) Legacy environmental remediation charges represent environmental remediation costs at certain non-operating PPG manufacturing sites. These charges are included in Other (income)/charges, net in the condensed consolidated statement of income. 
 (d) In the first quarter 2023, PPG purchased group annuity contracts that transferred pension benefit obligations for certain of the Company s retirees in the U.S. to third-party insurance companies, resulting in a non-cash pension settlement charge. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

17. 
 Invoices confirmed Confirmed invoices paid ) Currency impact September 30 
 
 18. 
 of its architectural coatings business in the U.S. and Canada at a transaction value of approximately million to American Industrial Partners (AIP), an industrials investor. Net cash paid to PPG at closing will include customary adjustments for working capital and net debt. The transaction, which is expected to close in late 2024 or early 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, is the result of PPG s evaluation of strategic alternatives for the business, which was first announced on February 26, 2024. 
 In 2023, net sales of the U.S. and Canada architectural coatings business were approximately billion. The company expects to record a loss in the fourth quarter 2024 related to the sale of the business of approximately million pre-tax, including the recognition of accumulated foreign currency losses and the impairment of goodwill. The assets and liabilities of the U.S. and Canada architectural coatings business were classified as held and used as of September 30, 2024. 
 Business Restructuring 
 On October 16, 2024, the Company approved a comprehensive cost reduction program with anticipated annualized pre-tax savings of approximately million once fully implemented, including savings of million in 2025. The multi-year program is focused on reducing structural costs primarily in Europe and in certain other global businesses, along with other corporate costs following the recently announced agreements to sell PPG s silicas products business and the architectural coatings business in the U.S. and Canada. The program includes various facility closures and other targeted fixed cost reductions. The Company expects to record a pretax restructuring charge of approximately million, based on current exchange rates, in PPG s fourth quarter 2024 financial results. This charge represents employee severance and other cash costs. As a result of this program, the Company also expects to recognize a million non-cash charge due to the recognition of accumulated currency losses related to the exit of certain international operations and to incur approximately million of incremental non-cash accelerated depreciation expense over the life of the program for certain assets due to their reduced expected asset life. In addition, the Company expects to incur other cash costs of approximately million over the duration of this program, consisting of incremental restructuring-related cash costs for certain items that are required to be recognized as period expense as incurred. The restructuring actions will result in the net reduction of approximately positions, primarily in Europe and the U.S. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto included in the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements, of this report and in conjunction with the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Highlights 
 Net sales were approximately 4.6 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.5 compared to the prior year, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation and the divestitures of the non-North American portion of the traffic solutions business. 
 Income before income taxes was 611 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 54 million compared to the prior year. This increase was primarily due to improved manufacturing productivity, certain reductions in overhead, and lower depreciation, amortization and net interest costs, partially offset by wage and benefits inflation. 
 Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30 Percent Change in millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 4,575 4,644 (1.5) 13,680 13,896 (1.6) Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 2,663 2,752 (3.2) 7,842 8,214 (4.5) Selling, general and administrative 1,062 1,047 1.4 3,203 3,108 3.1 Depreciation 97 102 (4.9) 298 287 3.8 Amortization 32 40 (20.0) 106 121 (12.4) Research and development, net 105 108 (2.8) 325 322 0.9 Interest expense 67 64 4.7 184 190 (3.2) Interest income 48) 39) 23.1 135) 96) 40.6 Pension settlement charge 190 (100.0) Other (income)/charges, net 14) 13 (207.7) 15 4 275.0 
 Net Sales by Region 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30 Percent Change in millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 United States and Canada 1,929 1,941 (0.6) 5,710 5,776 (1.1) EMEA 1,366 1,393 (1.9) 4,179 4,341 (3.7) Asia Pacific 751 733 2.5 2,141 2,116 1.2 Latin America 529 577 (8.3) 1,650 1,663 (0.8) Total 4,575 4,644 (1.5) 13,680 13,896 (1.6) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Net sales decreased 69 million due to the following: 
 Unfavorable foreign currency translation and divestiture-related sales (-1 
 For specific business results, see the Performance of Reportable Business Segments section within Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased 89 million primarily due to improved manufacturing productivity. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased 15 million primarily due to wage and benefits inflation partially offset by certain overhead reductions. 
 Interest expense increased 3 million primarily due to higher interest rates. Interest income increased 9 million primarily due to higher interest rates. 
 Other (income)/charges, net increased by 27 million of income primarily due to the absence of a loss on the third quarter 2023 sale of the Company's legacy Russian industrial operations and an increase in realized foreign currency gains. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Net sales decreased 216 million due to the following: 
 Lower sales volumes (-1 
 Unfavorable foreign currency translation and divestiture-related sales (-1 
 For specific business results, see the Performance of Reportable Business Segments section within Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 
 Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased 372 million primarily due to moderating raw material costs during the first six months of 2024 and lower sales volumes. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased 95 million primarily due to wage and benefits inflation and growth-related investments. 
 Depreciation expense increased 11 million primarily due to higher capital expenditures in recent periods. 
 Interest expense decreased 6 million primarily due to lower debt balances. Interest income increased 39 million primarily due to higher interest rates and higher intra-quarter cash and cash equivalents balances during the period. 
 A pension settlement charge of 190 million was recorded in the first quarter 2023 associated with the Company's purchase of group annuity contracts that transferred pension benefit obligations for certain of the Company s retirees in the U.S. to third-party insurance companies. Refer to Note 10, "Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits" in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Other (income)/charges, net increased by 11 million of charges primarily due to a non-cash loss on the second quarter 2024 sale of the Argentina portion of the traffic solutions business and the absence of a first quarter 2023 insurance recovery related to hurricane damage at a southern U.S. factory, partially offset by the absence of a loss on the third quarter 2023 sale of the Company's legacy Russian industrial operations and an increase in realized foreign currency gains. 
 Effective Tax Rate and Earnings Per Diluted Share 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30 Percent Change in millions, except percentages and amounts per share) 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Income tax expense 137 121 13.2 422 350 20.6 Effective tax rate 22.4 21.7 0.7 22.9 22.5 0.4 Adjusted effective tax rate, continuing operations 22.5 19.5 3.0 23.2 22.0 1.2 Earnings per diluted share, continuing operations 2.00 1.79 11.7 5.93 4.97 19.3 Adjusted earnings per diluted share 2.13 2.07 2.9 6.49 6.15 5.5 See Regulation G Reconciliation below 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted earnings per diluted share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased year-over-year primarily due to improved manufacturing productivity and certain reductions in overhead, partially offset by wage and benefits inflation. 
 Adjusted earnings per diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased year-over-year primarily due to moderating raw material costs during the first six months of 2024, partially offset by wage and benefits inflation. 
 Regulation G Reconciliations - Results from Operations 
 PPG believes investors understanding of the Company s performance is enhanced by the disclosure of net income from continuing operations, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations, PPG s effective tax rate and segment income adjusted for certain items. PPG s management considers this information useful in providing insight into the Company s ongoing performance because it excludes the impact of items that cannot reasonably be expected to recur on a quarterly basis or that are not attributable to our primary operations. Net income from continuing operations, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations, the effective tax rate and segment income adjusted for these items are not recognized financial measures determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for net income from continuing operations, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations, the effective tax rate, segment income or other financial measures as computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per diluted share and the adjusted effective tax rate may not be comparable to similarly titled measures as reported by other companies. 
 Income before income taxes from continuing operations is reconciled to adjusted income before income taxes from continuing operations, the effective tax rate from continuing operations is reconciled to the adjusted effective tax rate from continuing operations and net income from continuing operations (attributable to PPG) and earnings per share assuming dilution (attributable to PPG) are reconciled to adjusted net income from continuing operations (attributable to PPG) and adjusted earnings per share assuming dilution below. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 in millions, except percentages and per share amounts) Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense Effective Tax Rate Net Income (attributable to PPG) Earnings Per Diluted Share (a) 
 As reported, continuing operations 611 137 22.4 468 2.00 Adjusted for: Acquisition-related amortization expense 32 8 24.4 24 0.10 Portfolio optimization (b) 
 10 2 24.3 8 0.03 Adjusted, continuing operations, excluding certain items 653 147 22.5 500 2.13 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 in millions, except percentages and per share amounts) Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense Effective Tax Rate Net Income (attributable to PPG) Earnings Per Diluted Share (a) 
 As reported, continuing operations 557 121 21.7 426 1.79 Adjusted for: Acquisition-related amortization expense 40 10 23.9 30 0.13 Portfolio optimization (b) 
 15 (12) (77.2) 27 0.11 Business restructuring-related costs, net (c) 
 13 3 22.9 10 0.04 Adjusted, continuing operations, excluding certain items 625 122 19.5 493 2.07 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 in millions, except percentages and per share amounts) Income Before Income Taxes Tax Expense Effective Tax Rate Net Income (attributable to PPG) Earnings per Diluted share (a) 
 As reported, continuing operations 1,842 422 22.9 1,396 5.93 Adjusted for: Acquisition-related amortization expense 106 26 24.5 80 0.33 Portfolio optimization (b) 
 42 12 28.6 30 0.13 Business restructuring-related costs, net (c) 
 15 5 32.5 10 0.04 Legacy environmental remediation charges (d) 
 20 5 24.3 15 0.06 Adjusted, continuing operations, excluding certain items 2,025 470 23.2 1,531 6.49 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 in millions, except percentages and per share amounts) Income Before Income Taxes Tax Expense Effective Tax Rate Net Income (attributable to PPG) Earnings per Diluted share (a) 
 As reported, continuing operations 1,556 350 22.5 1,180 4.97 Adjusted for: Pension settlement charge (e) 
 190 46 24.2 144 0.61 Acquisition-related amortization expense 121 30 24.3 91 0.39 Business restructuring-related costs, net (c) 
 27 6 23.5 21 0.09 Portfolio optimization (b) 
 22 (10) (45.2) 30 0.12 Insurance recovery of expenses incurred due to a natural disaster (f) 
 (9) (2) 24.3 (7) (0.03) Adjusted, continuing operations, excluding certain items 1,907 420 22.0 1,459 6.15 
 (a) Earnings per diluted share is calculated based on unrounded numbers. Figures in the table may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 (b) Portfolio optimization includes losses on the sale of non-core assets, including the loss recognized in the second quarter 2024 on the sale of the Company's traffic solutions business in Argentina and the loss recognized in the third quarter 2023 on the sale of the Company's legacy industrial Russian operations, which are included in Other (income)/charges, net in the condensed consolidated statement of income. Portfolio optimization also includes advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, other professional or consulting fees and certain internal costs directly incurred to effect acquisitions, as well as similar fees and other costs to effect divestitures and other portfolio optimization exit actions. These costs are included in Selling, general and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statement of income. In 2023, net loss of 2 million was attributable to noncontrolling interests. 
 (c) Business restructuring-related costs, net include business restructuring charges, offset by releases related to previously approved programs, which are included in Other (income)/charges, net on the condensed consolidated statement of income, accelerated depreciation of certain assets, which is included in Depreciation on the condensed consolidated statement of income, and other restructuring-related costs, which are included in Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization and Selling, general and administrative on the condensed consolidated statement of income. 
 (d) Legacy environmental remediation charges represent environmental remediation costs at certain non-operating PPG manufacturing sites. These charges are included in Other (income)/charges, net in the condensed consolidated statement of income. 
 (e) In the first quarter 2023, PPG purchased group annuity contracts that transferred pension benefit obligations for certain of the Company s retirees in the U.S. to third-party insurance companies, resulting in a non-cash pension settlement charge. 
 (f) In the first quarter 2023, the Company received reimbursement under its insurance policies for damages incurred at a southern U.S. factory from a winter storm in 2020. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Performance of Reportable Business Segments 
 Performance Coatings 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Change Change Nine Months Ended September 30 Change Change in millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 2,921 2,880 41 1.4 8,583 8,549 34 0.4 Segment income 513 452 61 13.5 1,485 1,384 101 7.3 Amortization expense 22 28 6) (21.4) 74 87 13) (14.9) Segment income, excluding amortization expense 535 480 55 11.5 1,559 1,471 88 6.0 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Performance Coatings net sales increased due to the following: 
 Higher sales volumes (+2 
 Higher selling prices (+1 
 Offset by: 
 Unfavorable foreign currency translation (-1 
 Divestiture-related sales (-1 
 Architectural coatings - Americas and Asia Pacific net sales, excluding the impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures ("organic sales") increased a low single-digit percentage compared to the prior-year third quarter driven by increased sales volumes in the U.S. and Canada coupled with higher prices. In the U.S. and Canada, growth initiatives through our partnership with The Home Depot drove higher professional contractor sales volumes. In Mexico, the business benefited from our strong concessionaire network. 
 Architectural coatings EMEA organic sales were flat year over year, as higher prices were offset by lower sales volumes. Consumer confidence remained weak during the quarter, and regional demand was uneven by country. Sales volumes were strong in central and eastern Europe offset by lower sales volumes in western Europe. 
 Automotive refinish coatings organic sales increased by a mid-single-digit percentage versus the prior year. In the U.S., sales volumes were higher compared to prior-year results even with lower industry-wide insurance claims. In Europe, organic sales increased year over year driven by price, and demand improved slightly in Latin America. In China, demand for refinish products is recovering and is expected to improve in the coming quarters. 
 Aerospace coatings organic sales increased by a double-digit percentage compared to the third quarter 2023, led by higher selling prices and sales volume. Demand remained strong as customer order backlogs are at similar levels to the prior quarter. Global air travel has improved year over year but remains about 3 below pre-pandemic levels for both domestic and international flights. The company remains focused on debottlenecking and expanding manufacturing capabilities to drive volume and earnings growth. 
 Protective and marine coatings organic sales increased by a low single-digit percentage compared to the prior-year third quarter driven by higher sales volumes in Europe and the Asia Pacific region partially offset by lower sales volumes in the United States. The third quarter was the sixth consecutive quarter with positive year-over-year sales volume growth. In Europe and the Asia Pacific region, increased sales volumes were driven by share gains in marine maintenance and repair, reflecting demand for PPG's sustainably advantaged products. 
 Traffic solutions organic sales increased by a low single-digit percentage compared with the prior-year third quarter primarily due to increased sales volumes offset by lower prices. Seasonally, second and third quarter sales in the traffic solutions business are typically more than twice the sales in the first and fourth quarter due to the difficulty of applying traffic markings in colder temperatures. 
 Segment income was 513 million, an increase of 13 versus the prior year, primarily due to higher sales volumes and selling prices, partially offset by wage inflation. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Performance Coatings net sales were flat due to the following: 
 Higher selling prices (+ 1 
 Partially offset by: 
 Lower sales volumes and divestiture-related sales -1 
 Architectural coatings - Americas and Asia Pacific organic sales were flat year-over-year with slightly higher selling prices offset by slightly lower sales volumes. 
 Architectural coatings EMEA organic sales decreased by a low single-digit percentage year over year driven by lower sales volumes. Regional demand was uneven by country, with strong sales volumes in central and eastern Europe offset by lower sales volumes in western Europe. 
 Automotive refinish coatings organic sales were flat year over year as selling price increases offset lower sales volumes. 
 Aerospace coatings sales volumes increased by a high single-digit percentage as demand was strong in all regions. Sales also increased due to the benefit of higher selling prices. 
 Protective and marine coatings organic sales increased by a low single-digit percentage primarily due to strong demand in Europe and the Asia Pacific region. 
 Traffic solutions organic sales were flat as higher sales volumes in the U.S. were offset by lower selling prices. 
 Segment income increased 101 million year over year primarily due to higher selling prices, lower manufacturing costs and moderating raw material costs during the first six months of 2024, which more than offset wage and benefits inflation and higher growth-related spending. 
 Looking Ahead 
 In the fourth quarter, we expect demand to continue to be strong in aerospace coatings and expect growth in automotive refinish coatings above industry rates. We expect that consumer demand will remain tepid in Europe. Our architectural coatings - Americas and Asia Pacific business is anticipated to benefit from growth initiatives with The Home Depot and from our strong concessionaire network. 
 Industrial Coatings 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Change Change Nine Months Ended September 30 Change Change in millions, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 Net sales 1,654 1,764 110) (6.2) 5,097 5,347 250) (4.7) Segment income 199 246 47) (19.1) 707 736 29) (3.9) Amortization expense 10 12 2) (16.7) 30 34 4) (11.8) Segment income, excluding amortization expense 209 258 49) (19.0) 737 770 33) (4.3) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Industrial Coatings segment net sales decreased due to the following: 
 Lower selling prices (-3 
 Lower sales volumes (-3 
 Automotive OEM coatings organic sales decreased by a double-digit percentage compared to the third quarter 2023 driven by lower sales volumes and lower indexed-based selling prices for certain customer contracts. Overall global demand weakened in the third quarter. Sales volume declines in the U.S. and Europe were partially offset by sales volume increases in Latin America. In Western Europe and the U.S., automotive industry build rates were significantly lower than the third quarter 2023 with reduced demand and extended OEM downtime. 
 In the industrial coatings business, organic sales decreased by a mid-single-digit percentage compared to the prior year due to lower sales volumes and lower indexed-based prices. Overall, global industrial production remained 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 sluggish, especially in Europe and the U.S. Sales volume declines in those regions more than offset strong growth in the Asia Pacific and Latin America regions. 
 Packaging coatings organic sales increased by a low single-digit percentage compared to the prior year with higher sales volumes partially offset by lower, index-driven prices. Global beverage demand remains strong, and PPG is well positioned to support the growth. 
 Specialty coatings and materials organic sales increased by a low single-digit percentage due to higher sales volumes partially offset by lower selling prices. 
 Segment income decreased 47 million year over year primarily due to lower index-based pricing, lower sales volumes and wage and benefits inflation, partially offset by lower overhead costs. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Industrial Coatings segment net sales decreased due to the following: 
 Lower selling price (-3 
 Lower sales volumes (-1 
 Unfavorable foreign currency translation (-1 
 Automotive OEM coatings organic sales decreased by a high single-digit percentage year over year driven by lower sales volumes and lower index-based selling prices for certain customer contracts. Sales volume increases in the Asia Pacific and Latin America regions were more than offset by declines in Europe and the U.S. 
 In the industrial coatings business, organic sales decreased by a mid-single-digit percentage year over year driven by lower sales volumes and indexed-based prices. Softening global industrial demand resulted in lower sales volumes in all regions except Asia Pacific where sales volumes increased by a mid single-digit percentage. 
 Packaging coatings organic sales increased by a low single-digit percentage year over year as higher sales volumes were partially offset by lower selling prices in all regions. 
 Specialty coatings and materials organic sales increased by a mid-single-digit percentage primarily due to higher sales volumes, partially offset by the absence of European energy-related surcharge pricing in the prior year period. 
 Segment income decreased 29 million year over year primarily due to index-based selling price declines, partially offset by moderating raw material costs during the first six months of 2024. 
 Looking Ahead 
 In the fourth quarter, we expect both automotive production build rates and global industrial production to remain at low levels, especially in the U.S. and Europe. For the packaging coatings business, we expect continued strong growth in the Asia Pacific region. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 PPG had cash and short-term investments totaling 1.3 billion and 1.6 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company continues to believe that cash on hand and short-term investments, cash from operations and the Company's access to capital markets will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital spending, acquisitions, dividend payments, debt service, share repurchases, contributions to pension plans and contractual obligations. 
 Cash from operating activities 
 Cash from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,074 million and 1,513 million, respectively. The 439 million decrease in cash from operating activities was primarily due to unfavorable changes in working capital compared to the prior year. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Working Capital 
 Operating working capital is a subset of total working capital and represents (1) trade receivables net of the allowance for doubtful accounts (2) FIFO inventories and (3) trade liabilities. We believe operating working capital represents the key components of working capital under the operating control of our businesses. A key metric we use to measure our working capital management is operating working capital as a percentage of sales (current quarter sales annualized). 
 in millions, except percentages) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Trade receivables, net 3,223 2,881 3,213 Inventories, FIFO 2,498 2,376 2,479 Trade creditors liabilities 2,536 2,612 2,491 Operating working capital 3,185 2,645 3,201 Operating working capital as a of sales 17.4 15.2 17.2 Days sales outstanding 59 55 57 
 Environmental 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash outlays for environmental remediation activities 6 12 19 28 
 in millions) Remainder of 2024 Annually 2025 - 2028 Projected future cash outlays for environmental remediation activities 10 - 30 20 - 75 
 Cash used for investing activities 
 Cash used for investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 511 million and 399 million, respectively. The 112 million increase in cash used for investing activities was primarily due to higher capital expenditures compared to the prior year. 
 Total capital spending is expected to be approximately 650 million to 700 million in 2024 in support of future organic growth opportunities. 
 Cash used for financing activities 
 Cash used for financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 617 million and 1,005 million, respectively. The 388 million decrease in cash used for financing activities was primarily due to higher net debt proceeds, partially offset by higher share repurchases compared to the prior year. 
 Credit Agreements 
 In April 2023, PPG entered into a 500 million term loan credit agreement (the "Term Loan"). The Term Loan provides the Company with the ability to increase the size of the loan by an amount not to exceed 250 million. The Term Loan contains covenants that are consistent with those in the Credit Agreement discussed below and that are usual and customary restrictive covenants for facilities of its type, which include, with specified exceptions, limitations on the Company s ability to create liens or other encumbrances, to enter into sale and leaseback transactions and to enter into consolidations, mergers or transfers of all or substantially all of its assets. The Term Loan terminates and all amounts outstanding are payable in April 2026. In April 2023, PPG borrowed 500 million under the Term Loan. In December 2023, PPG obtained lender commitments sufficient to increase the size of the Term Loan by 250 million. In January 2024, PPG borrowed the additional 250 million. 
 In February 2021, PPG entered into a 2.0 billion Term Loan Credit Agreement (the "Term Loan Credit Agreement") to finance the Company s acquisition of Tikkurila, and to pay fees, costs and expenses related thereto. The Term Loan Credit Agreement provided the Company with the ability to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 2.0 billion on an unsecured basis. In addition to the amounts borrowed to finance the acquisition of Tikkurila, the Term Loan Credit Agreement allowed the Company to make up to eleven additional borrowings prior to December 31, 2021, to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Term Loan Credit Agreement contains covenants that are consistent with those in the Credit Agreement discussed above and that are usual and customary restrictive covenants for facilities of its type, which include, with specified exceptions, limitations on the 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Company s ability to create liens or other encumbrances, to enter into sale and leaseback transactions and to enter into consolidations, mergers or transfers of all or substantially all of its assets. The Term Loan Credit Agreement was scheduled to mature and all outstanding borrowings were to be due and payable on the third anniversary of the date of the initial borrowing under the Agreement. In June 2021, PPG borrowed 700 million under Term Loan Credit Agreement to finance the Company s acquisition of Tikkurila, and to pay fees, costs and expenses related thereto. In December 2021, PPG borrowed an additional 700 million under the Term Loan Credit Agreement. In 2022 and 2023, PPG repaid 300 million and 1.1 billion, respectively, of the Term Loan Credit Agreement using cash on hand. The Term Loan Credit Agreement was fully repaid as of December 31, 2023. 
 In March 2023, PPG amended its five-year credit agreement (the Credit Agreement dated as of August 30, 2019. The amendments to the Credit Agreement replace the LIBOR-based reference interest rate option with a reference interest rate option based upon Term SOFR. The other terms of the Credit Agreement remained unchanged. In July 2023, PPG amended and restated the Credit Agreement, extending the term through July 27, 2028. The amended and restated Credit Agreement provides for a 2.3 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. The Company has the ability to increase the size of the Credit Agreement by up to an additional 750 million, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. The Company has the right, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, to designate certain subsidiaries of the Company as borrowers under the Credit Agreement. In connection with any such designation, the Company is required to guarantee the obligations of any such subsidiaries under the Credit Agreement. There were 408 million commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Term Loan and the Credit Agreement require the Company to maintain a ratio of Total Indebtedness to Total Capitalization, as defined in the Term Loan and the Credit Agreement, of 60 or less; provided, that for any fiscal quarter in which the Company has made an acquisition for consideration in excess of 1 billion and for the next five fiscal quarters thereafter, the ratio of Total Indebtedness to Total Capitalization may not exceed 65 at any time. As of September 30, 2024, Total Indebtedness to Total Capitalization as defined under the Credit Agreement was 44 . 
 Other Debt Issued and Repaid 
 In August 2024, PPG's 300 million 2.4 notes matured, and the Company repaid this obligation using cash on hand. 
 In March 2023, PPG's 300 million 3.2 notes matured, and the Company repaid this obligation using cash on hand. 
 Other Liquidity Information 
 Restructuring 
 Aggregate restructuring savings were approximately 10 million in the third quarter 2024. Total restructuring savings are expected to be at least 35 million in 2024. In addition, the Company continues to review its cost structure to identify additional cost savings opportunities. Refer to Note 6, Business Restructuring in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further details on the Company's business restructuring programs. We expect cash outlays related to these actions in the range of 50 million to 60 million in 2024. 
 Global Silicas Business - Strategic Review 
 During the first quarter 2024, PPG announced that it would review strategic alternatives for its global silicas products business. During the third quarter 2024, PPG signed an agreement to sell its global silicas products business to QEMETICA S.A., a Warsaw, Poland-based, privately-held manufacturer of soda ash, silicates and other specialty chemicals for approximately 310 million in pre-tax proceeds. Refer to Note 3, "Divestitures" in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further detail related to this transaction. 
 United States and Canada Architectural Coatings Business - Strategic Review 
 During the first quarter 2024, PPG announced that it would review strategic alternatives for its architectural coatings U.S. and Canada business. On October 17, 2024, PPG announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to sell 100 of its architectural coatings business in the U.S. and Canada at a transaction value of approximately 550 million to American Industrial Partners (AIP), an industrials investor. Refer to Note 18, "Subsequent Events" in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further detail related to this transaction. 
 
 Currency 
 Comparing spot exchange rates at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the currencies of many countries within the regions PPG operates, most notably the Mexican peso . As a result, consolidated net assets at September 30, 2024 decreased by 558 million compared to December 31, 2023. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Comparing average exchange rates during the first nine months of 2024 to those of the first nine months of 2023, the U.S. dollar was relatively flat compared to the currencies of most countries where PPG operates. Changes in foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on Income before income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 1 million from the translation of these foreign earnings into U.S. dollars. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 Refer to Note 2, New Accounting Standards in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for further details on recently issued accounting guidance. 
 
 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities, including Environmental Matters 
 PPG is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential, including some that it has asserted against others, in which substantial monetary damages are sought. See Part II, Item 1, Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-Q and Note 14, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for a description of certain of these lawsuits. 
 As discussed in Part II, Item 1 and Note 14, although the result of any future litigation of such lawsuits and claims is inherently unpredictable, management believes that, in the aggregate, the outcome of all lawsuits and claims involving PPG, including asbestos-related claims, will not have a material effect on PPG s consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, any such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. 
 As also discussed in Note 14, PPG has significant reserves for environmental contingencies. Refer to the Environmental Matters section of Note 14 for details of these reserves. It is PPG s policy to accrue expenses for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Reserves for environmental contingencies are exclusive of claims against third parties and are generally not discounted. In management s opinion, the Company operates in an environmentally sound manner and the outcome of the Company s environmental contingencies will not have a material effect on PPG s financial position or liquidity; however, any such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. Management anticipates that the resolution of the Company s environmental contingencies will occur over an extended period of time. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management has evaluated the accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial statements and related notes presented in this Form 10-Q and believes those policies to be reasonable and appropriate. We believe that the most critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of our financial statements are those related to accounting for contingencies, under which we accrue a loss when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated, and to accounting for pensions, other postretirement benefits, business combinations, goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives because of the importance of management judgment in making the estimates necessary to apply these policies. 
 For a comprehensive discussion of the Company s critical accounting estimates, see Item 7, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2023 Form 10-K. There were no material changes in the Company s critical accounting estimates from the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis and other sections of this Quarterly Report contain forward-looking statements that reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and financial performance. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to current or historic facts. Forward-looking statements are identified by the use of the words aim, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, project, outlook, forecast, "looking ahead" and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Also, note the following cautionary statements. 
 Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company s forward-looking statements. Such factors include statements related to the global economic conditions, geopolitical issues in Europe, effects on our business of COVID-19, increasing price and product competition by our competitors, fluctuations in cost and availability of raw materials, energy, labor and logistics, the ability to achieve selling price increases, the ability to recover margins, customer inventory levels, PPG inventory levels, our ability to maintain favorable supplier 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 relationships and arrangements, the cost reduction program, including the timing and amounts of the expected future restructuring charges, accelerated depreciation, and cash costs and the timing and realization of anticipated cost savings from restructuring actions, the ability to identify additional cost savings opportunities, the timing and expected benefits of our acquisitions, difficulties in integrating acquired businesses and achieving expected synergies therefrom, the amount of future share repurchases, economic and political conditions in the markets we serve, the ability to penetrate existing, developing and emerging foreign and domestic markets, foreign exchange rates and fluctuations in such rates, fluctuations in tax rates, the impact of future legislation, the impact of environmental regulations, unexpected business disruptions, the unpredictability of existing and possible future litigation, including asbestos litigation, and government investigations. However, it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. 
 Consequently, while the list of factors presented here and in the 2023 Form 10-K under Item 1A is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. 
 Consequences of material differences in the results compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, lower sales or income, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties, other factors set forth in Item 1A of the 2023 Form 10-K and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We conduct operations in many countries around the world. Our results of operations are subject to both currency transaction risk and currency translation risk. Certain foreign currency forward contracts outstanding during 2024 and 2023 served as a hedge of a portion of PPG s exposure to foreign currency transaction risk. The fair value of these contracts was a net liability of million and a net asset of million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The potential reduction in PPG's Income before income taxes resulting from the impact of adverse changes in exchange rates on the fair value of its outstanding foreign currency hedge contracts of 10 for European and Canadian currencies and 20 for Asian and Latin American currencies was 446 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 402 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 PPG had U.S. dollar to euro cross currency swap contracts with a total notional amount of million and 475 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of these contracts were net assets of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. A 10 increase in the value of the euro to the U.S. dollar would have had an unfavorable effect on the fair value of these swap contracts by reducing the value of these instruments by 38 million and 46 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, PPG had non-U.S. dollar denominated borrowings outstanding of 3.6 billion and 3.3 billion , respectively. A weakening of the U.S. dollar by 10 against European currencies and by 20 against Asian and South American currencies would have resulted in unrealized translation losses on these borrowings of 396 million at September 30, 2024 and 363 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company manages its interest rate risk by balancing its exposure to fixed and variable rates while attempting to minimize its interest costs. PPG has interest rate swaps which converte d million o f fixed rate debt to variable rate debt as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The fair values of these contracts were a liability of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. An increase in variable interest rates of 10 would have lowered the fair values of these swaps and increased annual interest expense by 4 million and 5 million for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Considering the debt balance outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, a 10 increase in interest rates in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Europe and a 20 increase in interest rates in Asia and South America would have increased annual interest expense associated with PPG's variable rate debt obligations by 5 million and by 2 million , respectively. Further a 10 reduction in interest rates would have increased the fair value of the Company's fixed rate debt by approximately 79 million and 96 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; however, such changes would not have had an effect on PPG's Income before income taxes or cash flows. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 There were no other material changes in the Company s exposure to market risk from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 12, Financial Instruments, Hedging Activities and Fair Value Measurements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for a description of our instruments subject to market risk. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 a. Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 b. Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 PPG is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential, including some that it has asserted against others, in which substantial monetary damages are sought. These lawsuits and claims may relate to contract, patent, environmental, product liability, asbestos exposure, antitrust, employment, securities and other matters arising out of the conduct of PPG s current and past business activities. To the extent these lawsuits and claims involve personal injury, property damage and certain other claims, PPG believes it has adequate insurance; however, certain of PPG s insurers are contesting coverage with respect to some of these claims, and certain insurers may contest coverage with respect to claims in the future. PPG s lawsuits and claims against others include claims against insurers and other third parties with respect to actual and contingent losses related to environmental, asbestos and other matters. 
 From the late 1880 s until the early 1970 s, PPG owned property located in Cadogan and North Buffalo Townships, Pennsylvania which was used for the disposal of solid waste from PPG s former glass manufacturing facility in Ford City, Pennsylvania. In October 2018, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (the DEP approved PPG s cleanup plan for the Cadogan Property. In April 2019, PPG and the DEP entered into a consent order and agreement CO A which incorporated PPG s approved cleanup plan and a draft final permit for the collection and discharge of seeps emanating from the former disposal area. The CO A includes a civil penalty of 1.2 million for alleged past unauthorized discharges. PPG s former disposal area is also the subject of a citizens suit filed by the Sierra Club and PennEnvironment seeking remedial measures beyond the measures specified in PPG s approved cleanup plan, a civil penalty in addition to the penalty included in the CO A and plaintiffs attorneys fees. PPG and the plaintiffs settled plaintiffs claims for injunctive relief and PPG agreed to enhancements to the DEP approved cleanup plan and a 250,000 donation to a Pennsylvania nonprofit organization. This settlement has been memorialized by an amendment to the CO A which was appended to a Consent Agreement between PPG and the plaintiffs which has been entered by the federal court. The remaining claims in the case for attorneys fees and a civil penalty are not affected by this settlement. A trial on the issue of a civil penalty under the Clean Water Act was held in June 2024. Following the trial, the Judge indicated that they will circulate a schedule for the submission of post-trial briefs. The Judge also indicated that they intend to appoint a Special Master to review the parties' positions on plaintiffs' fees. PPG believes that the remaining claims are without merit and intends to defend itself against these claims vigorously. 
 In 2006, a lawsuit was filed against PPG in a local court in Manaus, Brazil, captioned Di Greg rio Navega o LTDA v. PPG Industries, Inc., Case No. 0644620-62.2020.8.04.0001 Di Greg rio arising from a November 1998 fire on board a cargo ship off the coast of Brazil. The plaintiff was a charterer of the ship and brought claims for various alleged damages. The ship was transporting, among other cargo, products from PPG s former commodity chemicals business. The Di Greg rio litigation remained pending as of July 18, 2012 when PPG separated the assets and liabilities related to its former commodity chemicals business into a newly formed subsidiary structure, of which Eagle Spinco Inc. Eagle Spinco was the parent company. Axiall Corporation Axiall in 2013 acquired Eagle Spinco (including its subsidiaries) through a merger. In 2016, Westlake Corporation acquired Axiall through a merger (including Eagle Spinco and its subsidiaries) and succeeded to Eagle Spinco s rights and obligations under 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 the original 2012 Separation Agreement between PPG and Eagle Spinco. For convenience, Westlake Corporation, Axiall, and Eagle Spinco collectively are referred to as Westlake. 
 Under the 2012 Separation Agreement, Eagle Spinco entities assumed the specifically scheduled Di Greg rio liability, and Eagle Spinco was required to remove PPG as an obligor for the Di Greg rio liability. To the extent Eagle Spinco cannot or will not remove PPG as an obligor, the Separation Agreement provides that Eagle Spinco and Axiall must act as agents or subcontractors of PPG and pay any liability in the matter on PPG s behalf. The Separation Agreement also provides PPG with uncapped rights of indemnification for any damages PPG incurs arising from the Di Greg rio litigation and for any failure by Eagle Spinco related entities (now Westlake through its acquisition of Axiall) to satisfy its contractual obligations. 
 Since 2013, Westlake exclusively has controlled and continues to control the defense of the Di Greg rio litigation. Nevertheless, PPG recently learned that Westlake failed ever to substitute itself into the case in place of PPG, remove PPG as the obligor, or otherwise inform the Brazilian court that it is the party in interest that assumed all liability for the matter. On May 30, 2024, Westlake informed PPG that the Brazilian court entered a May 21, 2024 award of more than 700 million, including compound prejudgment interest, fees and costs, against PPG Industries, Inc. as the originally named (albeit nominal) defendant in the case. More recently, Westlake informed PPG that it believes simple prejudgment interest applies to the judgment which would result in the award being less than 350 million. Westlake also informed PPG that while it will continue to defend the case and pursue an appeal of the award, it would not post any bond, pay any judgment, or take any steps to prevent the plaintiff from attempting to execute on the judgment against PPG. 
 On May 17, 2024, Eagle Spinco filed a lawsuit against PPG in Delaware Superior Court alleging breach of the Separation Agreement and requesting declaratory relief (the Eagle Spinco Lawsuit ). In its lawsuit, Eagle Spinco sought to have the Di Greg rio liability determined to be one in which its obligation is only to indemnify PPG for any damages it incurs in the case, net of any insurance coverage available from PPG s insurers, rather than stand in the shoes of PPG in the first instance and respect the obligation as an assumed liability under the Separation Agreement for which it did not purchase the rights to PPG s insurance assets. 
 Because the Di Greg rio liability was a specifically scheduled assumed liability under the Separation Agreement and given that Westlake failed to remove PPG as the obligor, PPG separately filed a lawsuit against Westlake on June 13, 2024 in the Court of Chancery in Delaware (the PPG Lawsuit ), asserting claims for specific performance, declaratory relief, breach of contract, and equitable estoppel. The PPG Lawsuit explains PPG s belief that: (a) the Di Greg rio case is an assumed liability of Westlake, (b) Westlake has a continuing duty to act as an agent of PPG to satisfy any award if it is unable or unwilling to remove PPG as an obligor in the case, (c) Westlake has the duty to pay in the first instance any award, bond, court fees and other costs regardless of whether the court ultimately determines the Di Greg rio case to be an assumed or indemnifiable liability, and (d) PPG has uncapped rights of indemnification should Westlake fail to satisfy its obligations under the Separation Agreement. Eagle Spinco filed counterclaims in the PPG Lawsuit restating the claims it originally asserted in the Eagle Spinco Lawsuit. Accordingly, it dismissed its previously filed Eagle Spinco Lawsuit and now exclusively is asserting its position in the PPG Lawsuit. 
 PPG intends to vigorously enforce its rights and Westlake s obligations under the 2012 Separation Agreement and to hold Westlake accountable for any damages PPG suffers as a result of Westlake s refusal to honor its contractual obligations. The Delaware Court of Chancery has set a trial date of December 12, 2024 for the PPG Lawsuit. PPG believes that the risk of loss associated with this matter is remote. 
 For many years, PPG has been a defendant in lawsuits involving claims alleging personal injury from exposure to asbestos. For a description of asbestos litigation affecting the Company, see Note 14, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There were no material changes in the Company s risk factors from the risks disclosed in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes the Company's stock repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Month Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Programs (1) 
 July 2024 Repurchase program 25,283,292 August 2024 Repurchase program 814,215 122.96 814,215 23,975,612 September 2024 Repurchase program 782,060 127.87 782,060 22,726,533 Total quarter ended September 30, 2024 Repurchase program 1,596,275 125.36 1,596,275 22,726,533 
 (1) In December 2017, PPG's Board of Directors approved a 2.5 billion share repurchase program. In April 2024, PPG's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 2.5 billion of outstanding common stock. The remaining shares yet to be purchased under the share repurchase programs have been calculated using PPG s closing stock price on the last business day of the respective month. The repurchase programs do not have an expiration date. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Business Restructuring 
 On October 16, 2024, the Company approved a comprehensive cost reduction program with anticipated annualized pre-tax savings of approximately million once fully implemented, including savings of million in 2025. The multi-year program is focused on reducing structural costs primarily in Europe and in certain other global businesses, along with other corporate costs following the two recently announced agreements to sell PPG s silicas products business and the architectural coatings business in the U.S. and Canada. The program includes various facility closures and other targeted fixed cost reductions. The Company expects to record a pretax restructuring charge of approximately million, based on current exchange rates, in PPG s fourth quarter 2024 financial results. This charge represents employee severance and other cash costs. As a result of this program, the Company also expects to recognize a million non-cash charge due to the recognition of accumulated currency losses related to the exit of certain international operations and to incur approximately million of incremental non-cash accelerated depreciation expense over the life of the program for certain assets due to their reduced expected asset life. In addition, the Company expects to incur other cash costs of approximately million over the duration of this program, consisting of incremental restructuring-related cash costs for certain items that are required to be recognized as period expense as incurred. The restructuring actions will result in the net reduction of approximately positions, primarily in Europe and the U.S. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 See the Index to Exhibits on page 39. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Index to Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-Q. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 PPG INDUSTRIES, INC. (Registrant) Date: October 17, 2024 By: /s/ Vincent J. Morales Vincent J. Morales Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) By: /s/ Brian R. Williams Brian R. Williams Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 
 40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ppgq3202410qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Timothy M. Knavish, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PPG Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 17, 2024 s Timothy M. Knavish Timothy M. Knavish Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ppgq3202410qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Vincent J. Morales, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PPG Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 17, 2024 s Vincent J. Morales Vincent J. Morales Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ppgq3202410qex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PPG Industries, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy M. Knavish, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PPG Industries, Inc., certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PPG Industries, Inc. 
 s Timothy M. Knavish Timothy M. Knavish Chairman and Chief Executive Officer October 17, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to PPG Industries, Inc. and will be retained by PPG Industries, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ppgq3202410qex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PPG Industries, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Vincent J. Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PPG Industries, Inc., certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PPG Industries, Inc. 
 
 s Vincent J. Morales Vincent J. Morales Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) October 17, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to PPG Industries, Inc. and will be retained by PPG Industries, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ppg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ppg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ppg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ppg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ppg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

