<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1607962_0001178913-24-003606.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9110275</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183277</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2033401</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2785084</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1811474</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1870438</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001178913-24-003606.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112090036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001178913-24-003606
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lifeward Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001607962
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L3
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36612
		FILM NUMBER:		241443941

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 DONALD LYNCH BLVD.
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752
		BUSINESS PHONE:		15082511154

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 DONALD LYNCH BLVD.
		CITY:			MARLBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01752

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ReWalk Robotics Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140620

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Argo Medical Technologies Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140513

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001178913-24-003606.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 zk2432262.htm
 10-Q

ReWalk Robotics Ltd. - 1607962 - 2024 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

Not applicable 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

. 

 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 

Rewalk Robotics Ltd. 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes No 

As of November 7, 2024, the registrant had outstanding ordinary shares, par value NIS 1.75 per share. 

LIFEWARD LTD. 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. 
 GENERAL AND WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 2 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 3 ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (unaudited) AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 3 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 
 8 ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 26 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 35 ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 35 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 36 ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 36 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 36 ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 37 ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 37 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 37 ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 37 ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 38 SIGNATURES 
 39 
 1 

Introduction and Where You Can Find Other Information 
 
 As used in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (this quarterly report ), the terms Lifeward, the Company, LL, we, us and our refer to Lifeward Ltd. and its subsidiaries, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. Our website is www.golifeward.com. Information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute a part of this quarterly report and is not incorporated by reference herein. We have included our website address in this quarterly report solely for informational purposes. Information that we furnish to or file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to, or exhibits included in, these reports are available for download, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our SEC filings, including exhibits filed or furnished therewith, are also available on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 In addition to historical information, this quarterly report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward- looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, financing plans, competitive position, industry environment, potential growth opportunities, potential market opportunities and the effects of competition. Forward-looking statements may include projections regarding our future performance and, in some cases, can be identified by words like anticipate, assume, believe, could, seek, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, future, should, will, would or similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes and the negatives of those terms. These statements may be found in the section of this quarterly report titled Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this quarterly report. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
 
 our expectations regarding future growth, including our ability to increase sales in our existing geographic markets and expand to new markets; 
 our ability to maintain and grow our reputation and the market acceptance of our products; 
 our ability to achieve reimbursement from third-party payors or advance Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS coverage for our products, including our ability to successfully submit and gain approval of cases for Medicare coverage through Medicare Administrative Contractors MACs 
 our ability to continue to successfully integrate the operations of AlterG, Inc. into our organization, and realize the anticipated benefits therefrom; 
 our ability to have sufficient funds to meet certain future capital requirements, which could impair our efforts to develop and commercialize existing and new products; 
 our ability to be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions, and our ability to handle any business disruptions that may occur in connection with streamlining operations; 
 our ability to navigate any difficulties associated with moving production of our AlterG Anti-Gravity Systems to a contract manufacturer; 
 
 our ability to leverage our sales, marketing and training infrastructure; 
 our ability to grow our business through acquisitions of businesses, products or technologies, and the failure to manage acquisitions, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business; 
 our expectations as to our clinical research program and clinical results; 
 our ability to obtain certain components of our products from third-party suppliers and our continued access to our product manufacturers; 
 our ability to improve our products and develop new products; 
 our compliance with medical device reporting regulations to report adverse events involving our products, which could result in voluntary corrective actions or enforcement actions such as mandatory recalls, and the potential impact of such adverse events on our ability to market and sell our products; 
 our ability to gain and maintain regulatory approvals and to comply with any post-marketing requests; 
 the risk of a cybersecurity attack or incident relating to our information technology systems significantly disrupting our business operations; 
 our ability to maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property and to avoid violation of the intellectual property rights of others; 
 the impact of substantial sales of our shares by certain shareholders on the market price of our ordinary shares; 
 our ability to use effectively the proceeds of our offerings of securities, if any; 
 our ability to manage challenges and expenses associated with activist shareholder activities, including litigation; 
 the impact of the market price of our ordinary shares on the determination of whether we are a passive foreign investment company; 
 market and other conditions, including the extent to which inflation or global instability may disrupt our business operations or our financial condition or the financial condition of our customers and suppliers, including the ongoing war in the Middle East and the increasing tensions between China and Taiwan; and 
 
 other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and in our subsequent reports filed with the SEC. 
 
 The preceding list is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report. The statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of future performance, taking into account the information currently available to us. These statements are only predictions based upon our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to differ materially from the results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the statements. In particular, you should consider the risks provided under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K, and in other reports subsequently filed by us with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or will occur. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement in this quarterly report speaks only as of the date hereof. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 . FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

(unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade receivables, net of credit losses of and , respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventories 

Total current assets 

LONG-TERM ASSETS 

Restricted cash and other long-term assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

(unaudited) 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Trade payables 

Employees and payroll accruals 

Deferred revenues 

Current maturities of operating leases liability 

Earnout liability 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Earnout liability 

Deferred revenues 

Non-current operating leases liability 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 

par value-Authorized: shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; 

 Issued: and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; Outstanding: 

 and shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury Shares at cost, ordinary shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (1) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

(1) Reflects our one-for-seven reverse share split that became effective on March 15, 2024. See Note 8a to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development, net 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Financial income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Taxes on income 

Net loss 

Net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares used in computing net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted (1) 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

Ordinary Shares 

Additional paid-in 

Treasury 

Accumulated 

Total 

 shareholders 

Number (1) 

Amount 

capital 

Shares 

deficit 

equity 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Share-based compensation to employees and non-employees 

- 

Issuance of ordinary shares upon vesting of employees and non-employees RSUs 

Net loss 

- 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Share-based compensation to employees and non-employees 

- 

Issuance of ordinary shares upon vesting of RSUs by employees and non-employees 

Net loss 

- 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Ordinary Shares 

Additional paid-in 

Treasury 

Accumulated 

Total 

 shareholders 

Number (1) 

Amount 

capital 

Shares 

deficit 

equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Share-based compensation to employees and non-employees 

- 

Issuance of ordinary shares upon vesting of employees and non-employees RSUs 

Treasury shares at cost 

Net loss 

- 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Share-based compensation to employees and non-employees 

- 

Issuance of ordinary shares upon vesting of RSUs by employees and non-employees 

Net loss 

- 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

(1) Reflects our one-for-seven reverse share split that became effective on March 15, 2024. See Note 8a to the condensed consolidated financial statements 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

 (In thousands) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash flows used in operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Share-based compensation 

Remeasurement of earnout liability 

Interest income 

Exchange rate fluctuations 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables, net 

Prepaid expenses, operating lease right-of-use assets and other assets 

Inventories 

Trade payables 

Employees and payroll accruals 

Deferred revenues 

Operating lease liabilities and other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows used investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Acquisition of a business, net of cash acquired 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows used in financing activities: 

Purchase of treasury shares 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of Exchange rate changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

Decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash flow information 

Classification of inventory to property and equipment, net 

ROU assets obtained from new lease liabilities 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 

Total Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

million at closing and additional cash earnouts may be paid based upon a percentage of AlterG s year-over-year revenue growth over the two years following the closing. The AlterG anti-gravity systems use patented, NASA-derived Differential Air Pressure DAP technology to reduce the effects of gravity and allow people to rehabilitate with finely calibrated support and reduced pain. The Company will continue to evaluate other products for distribution or acquisition that can broaden its product offerings further to help individuals with neurological injury and disability. 

The Company markets and sells its products directly to institutions and individuals and through third-party distributors. The Company sells its products directly primarily in the United States, through a combination (depending on the product line) of direct sales and distributors in Germany, Canada, and Australia, and primarily through distributors in other markets. In its direct markets, the Company has established relationships with clinics and rehabilitation centers, professional and college sports teams, and individuals and organizations in the spinal cord injury community, and in its indirect markets, the Company s distributors maintain these relationships. 

d. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company incurred a consolidated net loss of million and has an accumulated deficit in the total amount of million. The Company s cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 totaled million and the Company s negative operating cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. The Company believes it has sufficient funds to support its operations for more than 12 months following the issuance date of its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

e. 
 
 The Company expects to incur future net losses and its transition to profitability is dependent upon, among other things, the successful development and commercialization of its products and product candidates, the establishment of contracts for the distribution of new product lines, or the acquisition of additional product lines, any of which, or in combination, would contribute to the achievement of a level of revenues adequate to support its cost structure. If the Company does not achieve a level of revenues adequate to support its cost structure, it will implement cost reduction measures. These plans may include restructuring efforts and additional cost reductions if needed. Until the Company achieves profitability or generates positive cash flows, it will continue to need to raise additional cash. The Company intends to fund future operations through cash on hand, additional private and/or public offerings of debt or equity securities, cash exercises of outstanding warrants or a combination of the foregoing. In addition, the Company may seek additional capital through arrangements with strategic partners or from other sources and will continue to address its cost structure. Notwithstanding, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise additional funds or achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flows from operations. 

9 
 LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

The Company determined no impairment existed for goodwill for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets, including property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. Such events and changes may include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in asset use, significant negative industry or economic trends, and changes in the Company s business strategy. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of long-lived assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. There were no impairment charges to long-lived assets during the periods presented. 

Treasury bills included in cash and cash equivalent 

Level 1 

Total Assets Measured at Fair Value 

Financial Liabilities: 

Earnout 

Level 3 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 

The Company classifies cash equivalents within Level 1, because the Company uses quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine their fair values. 

The estimated fair value of the earnout is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte Carlo simulation analysis are assumptions related to projected revenues, expected term, volatility, annual revenue yield and interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its common share based on historical volatility of select peer companies. The interest rate is based on the U.S. Technology B bond yield. 

The following table summarizes the earnout liability activity as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 

Change in fair value 

Balance September 30, 2024 

Rental 

Service and warranty 

Total Revenues 

Product revenue 

Revenue from Products sold to rehabilitation facilities and end users is recognized at a point in time once the customer has obtained the legal title to the items purchased. 

For ReWalk and ReStore systems sold to rehabilitation facilities, the Company provides an immaterial level of training and considers the elements in the arrangement to be a single performance obligation. Therefore, the Company recognizes revenue for the system and training only after delivery in accordance with the agreement's delivery terms to the customer and after the training has been completed. 

For sales of ReWalk systems to end users, the Company does not provide training to the end user as this training is provided separately by the rehabilitation center that the end user chooses to use. Similarly, for sales of ReWalk systems to third party distributors, the Company does not provide training to the distributor because the distributor would previously have completed the ReWalk Training program. Therefore, in both cases the Company recognizes revenue upon delivery. 

The Company generally does not grant a right of return for its products. In the rare circumstances when the Company provides a right of return for its products, the Company records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the Company s historical experience and estimates. 

The Company offered five products: (1) ReWalk Personal, (2) ReWalk Rehabilitation, (3) ReStore, (4) MyoCycle and (5) AlterG Anti-Gravity system. 

ReWalk Personal and ReWalk Rehabilitation are SCI Products, which are currently designed for everyday use by paraplegic individuals at home and in their communities. SCI Products are custom fitted for each user, as well as for use by paraplegic patients in the clinical rehabilitation environment, where they provide individuals access to valuable exercise and therapy. ReWalk Rehabilitation is a ReWalk Personal product sold with multiple sizes of our adjustable parts to allow different users the ability to train within a clinic. 

With the recent establishment of a Medicare reimbursement pathway for the ReWalk product, the Company includes variable consideration in the form of implicit price concessions if, in the Company s judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. The Company reassesses variable consideration at each reporting period and, if necessary, these estimates are adjusted to reflect the anticipated amounts to be collected when those facts and circumstances become known. 

The AlterG Anti-Gravity systems are used in physical and neurological rehabilitation and athletic training, both domestically and internationally. This transformative technology uses patented, NASA-derived DAP technology to reduce the effects of gravity and allow people to move with finely calibrated support and reduced pain. 

The ReStore is a powered, lightweight soft exo-suit intended for use in the rehabilitation of individuals with lower limb disability due to stroke in the clinical rehabilitation environment. 

The Company also sells the MyoCycle, which uses Functional Electrical Stimulation FES technology, in the United States for use at home or in clinic. 

Rental revenue 

Rental revenue for the AlterG Anti-Gravity systems is accounted for under ASC Topic 842, Leases. The Company rents its products to customers for a fixed monthly fee over the rental term, which typically ranges from 2 to 3 years. Rental revenues are recorded as earned on a monthly basis. 

The Company also offers the SCI Products in a rent-to-purchase model in which the Company recognizes revenue ratably according to the agreed rental monthly fee for a limited period prior to selling its products. 

Service and warranties 

The Company services its products after expiration of the initial warranty. Service revenue, consisting of time and materials to perform the repairs, is recorded as services are rendered, which corresponds with the period in which the related expenses are incurred. 

Warranties are classified as either an assurance type or a service type warranty. A warranty is considered an assurance type warranty if it provides the customer with assurance that the product will function as intended for a limited period of time. An assurance type warranty is not accounted for as a separate performance obligation under the revenue model. 

In recent years, SCI Products have included a five-year warranty. The first two years are considered as an assurance type warranty and the additional period is considered an extended service arrangement, which is a service type warranty. A service type warranty is either sold with a unit or separately for a unit for which the warranty has expired. A service type warranty is accounted as a separate performance obligation and revenue is recognized ratably over the life of the warranty. With the recent establishment of a Medicare reimbursement pathway, the Company will offer its SCI Products to qualified Medicare beneficiaries with a two-year assurance type warranty only. 

The ReStore device is sold with a two-year warranty which is considered as assurance type warranty. 

The Distributed Product is sold with an assurance type warranty ranging from between one year to ten years, depending on the specific product and part. 

For AlterG Anti-Gravity Products, the Company offers customers extended warranty contracts that extend or enhance the technical support, parts, and labor coverage offered as part of the base warranty included with the Anti-Gravity system products. Extended warranty revenue is recognized ratably over the extended warranty coverage period. The Company offers a one-year assurance type warranty to customers in the U.S. and two years assurance type warranty for spare parts only to its international distributors. For these products, the Company determines standalone selling price based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. 

Contract balances (in thousands ): 

Deferred revenues (1) (2) 

(1) 
 
 Balance presented net of unrecognized revenues that were not yet collected. 

(2) 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million of the December 31, 2023 deferred revenues balance was recognized as revenues. 

Deferred revenue is composed primarily of unearned revenue related to service type warranty obligations, multi-year services contracts, as well as other advances and payments which the Company received from customers prior to satisfying the performance obligation, for which revenue has not yet been recognized. 

The Company s unearned performance obligations as of September 30, 2024 and 

The allowance for credit losses is based on the Company s assessment of the collectability of accounts. The Company regularly assessed collectability based on a combination of factors, including an assessment of the current customer s aging balance, the nature and size of the customer, the financial condition of the customer, and future expected economic conditions. Trade receivables deemed uncollectable are charged against the allowance for credit losses when identified. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, trade receivables are presented net of allowance for credit losses in the amount of thousand and thousand, respectively. 

Provision 

Usage 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

and , respectively, was excluded from the calculations of diluted loss per ordinary share since it would have an anti-dilutive effect. 

Raw materials 

million in cash, subject to working capital and other customary purchase price adjustments. Additional cash earnouts (initially estimated to be approximately million in the aggregate) may be paid based upon a percentage of LCAI s year-over-year future revenue growth over the next two years subject to working capital and other customary purchase price adjustments. 

Earnout payments 

Total consideration 

Earnout payments 

However, the company did not meet the revenue target for the first year of the earnout, and as a result, no payment will be made for the first year. At the date of acquisition, management estimated fair value of the earnout payment based on the actual up to date performance of the acquired entity and the probability of the earn out payment occurrence to be at approximately million. The earn-out was accounted for as a liability and will be remeasured at each reporting period through consolidated statement of operations. 

The Company has accounted for the LCAI acquisition as a business combination. The Company has preliminarily allocated the purchase price of approximately million fair values, and the excess of the purchase price over the aggregate fair values is recorded as goodwill. 

The following table summarizes the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date (in thousands): 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Right of use asset 

Property and equipment, net 

Other non-current assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Other accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Warranty Obligations 

Leases Liability 

Total purchase consideration 

The following table presents the details of the intangible assets acquired at the date of LCAI acquisition (in thousands): 

Technology 

Customer relationship - Warranty 

Customer relationship - Rental 

Customer relationship - Distribution 

Backlog 

Under the purchase price allocation, the Company allocates the purchase price to tangible and identified intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimates of their fair values. The fair values for the intangible assets acquired were primarily based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement in the fair value hierarchy. Customer relationships, distributor relationships, backlog, trademark and developed technology were valued using the income approach, based on estimated projections of expected cash flows to be generated by the assets, discounted to the present value at discount rates commensurate with perceived risk. The discounted cash flow analyses factor in assumptions on revenue and expense growth rates including estimates of customer growth and attrition rates, distributor growth and attrition rates, technology obsolescence, and relief from royalty projections. Additionally, these discounted cash flow analyses factor in expected amounts of working capital, fixed assets, assembled workforce and cost of capital for each intangible asset. 

16 
 LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

million of goodwill related to its purchase of LCAI in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, which has an indefinite life, and is not deductible for tax purposes. 

As of September 30, 2024, the components of, and changes in, the carrying amount of intangible assets, net, were as follows (in thousands): 

Technology 

Customer relationship - Warranty 

Customer relationship - Rental 

Customer relationship - Distribution 

Backlog 

Total Amortized Intangible Assets 

The estimated amortization expense is shown below (in thousands): 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Fiscal 2028 

Total 

million. 

b. 
 
 Operating lease commitment: 

(i) 
 
 . A portion of the Company s facilities leases is generally subject to annual changes in the Consumer Price Index (the CPI ). The changes to the CPI are treated as variable lease payments and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments was incurred. 

(ii) 
 
 A subset of the Company s car leases is considered variable. The variable lease payments for such car leases are based on actual mileage incurred at the stated contractual rate. LL and LG have an option to be released from these agreements, which may result in penalties in a maximum amount of approximately thousand as of September 30, 2024. 

The Company s future lease payments for its facilities and cars, which are presented as current maturities of operating leases and non-current operating leases liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 are as follows (in thousands): 

2025 

2026 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of future lease payments 

Less: current maturities of operating leases 

Non-current operating leases 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Lease expense under the Company s operating leases was thousand and thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 the lease expense was thousand and thousand, respectively. 

c. 
 
 Royalties 

The Company s research and development efforts are financed, in part, through funding from the Israel Innovation Authority IIA ). Since the Company s inception through September 30, 2024, the Company received funding from the IIA in the total amount of million. Out of the million in funding from the IIA, a total amount of million were royalty-bearing grants, thousand was received in consideration of convertible preferred A shares, which converted after the Company s initial public offering in September 2014 into , while thousand was received without future obligation. The Company is obligated to pay royalties to the IIA, amounting to of the sales of the products and other related revenues generated from such projects, up to of the grants received. The royalty payment obligations also bear interest at the LIBOR rate. The obligation to pay these royalties is contingent on actual sales of the applicable products and in the absence of such sales, no payment is required. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company paid royalties to the IIA in the total amount of thousand. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the royalties expenses were thousand. There were no royalty expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

As of September 30, 2024, the contingent liability to the IIA amounted to million. The Israeli Research and Development Law provides that know-how developed under an approved research and development program may not be transferred to third parties without the approval of the IIA. Such approval is not required for the sale or export of any products resulting from such research or development. The IIA, under special circumstances, may approve the transfer of IIA-funded know-how outside Israel, in the following cases: 

(a) the grant recipient pays to the IIA a portion of the sale price paid in consideration for such IIA-funded know-how or in consideration for the sale of the grant recipient itself, as the case may be, which portion will not exceed six times the amount of the grants received plus interest (or three times the amount of the grant received plus interest, in the event that the recipient of the know-how has committed to retain the R D activities of the grant recipient in Israel after the transfer); 

 (b) the grant recipient receives know-how from a third party in exchange for its IIA-funded know-how; (c) such transfer of IIA-funded know-how arises in connection with certain types of cooperation in research and development activities; or (d) If such transfer of know-how arises in connection with a liquidation by reason of insolvency or receivership of the grant recipient. 

In accordance with the License Agreement with Harvard, the Company is required to pay royalties on net sales. Refer to note 10 in our 2023 Form 10-K for details regarding the License Agreement. 

LCAI earns royalties under a license agreement with a third party and is recognized as earned. Royalty payments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were and thousand, respectively. Royalty payments for the limited consolidation period ended September 30, 2023 were thousand following the acquisition of AlterG in August 2023. 

d. 
 
 Liens: 

As part of the Company s other long-term assets and restricted cash, an amount of thousand has been pledged as security in respect of a guarantee granted to a third party. Such deposit cannot be pledged to others or withdrawn without the consent of such third party. 

e. 
 
 Legal Claims: 

Occasionally, the Company is involved in various claims such as product liability claims, lawsuits, regulatory examinations, investigations, and other legal matters arising, for the most part, in the ordinary course of business. The outcome of any pending or threatened litigation and other legal matters is inherently uncertain, and it is possible that resolution of any such matters could result in losses material to the Company s consolidated results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition. Except as otherwise disclosed herein, the Company is not currently party to any material litigation. 

19 
 LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

and on a date to be determined by the Board of Directors, and (ii) amendments to the Company s Articles of Association authorizing an increase in the Company s authorized share capital (and corresponding authorized number of ordinary shares, proportionally adjusting such number for the reverse share split) so that the maximum number of authorized ordinary shares would be million. In accordance with the shareholder approval, in early March 2024 the Board of Directors of the Company approved a one-for-seven reverse share split of the Company s ordinary shares, reducing the number of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares from approximately million pre-split shares to approximately million post-split shares. The Company s ordinary shares began trading on a split-adjusted basis on March 15, 2024. Additionally, effective at the same time, the total authorized number of ordinary shares of the Company was adjusted to million post-split shares, the par value per share of the ordinary shares changed to NIS and the authorized share capital of the Company changed from NIS to NIS . All share and per share data included in these condensed consolidated financial statements give retroactive effect to the reverse share split for all periods presented. 

Upon the effectiveness of the reverse share split, every seven shares were automatically combined and converted into one ordinary share. Appropriate adjustments were also made to all outstanding derivative securities of the Company, including all outstanding equity awards and warrants. 

No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse share split. Instead, all fractional shares (including shares underlying outstanding equity awards and warrants) were rounded down to the nearest whole number. 

b. 
 
 Share option plans: 

As of September 30, 2024, ordinary shares were reserved, as the Company s 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2014 Plan was terminated on August 19, 2024, and a new plan has not yet been approved as a replacement. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had reserved ordinary shares for issuance to the Company s and its affiliates respective employees, directors, officers, and consultants pursuant to equity awards granted under the 2014 Plan. 

Under the 2014 Plan, any option that was forfeited or canceled before expiration became available for future grants. However, as the 2014 Plan was terminated on August 19, 2024, no further options will be granted under this plan. 

There were no options granted during the nine months that ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

The fair value of RSUs granted is determined based on the price of the Company's ordinary shares on the date of grant. A summary of employee share options activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, is as follows: 

Granted 

- 

- 

Exercised 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

Options outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders that hold options with positive intrinsic value exercised their options on the last date of the exercise period. No options were exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

A summary of employees and non-employees RSUs activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested RSUs as of September 30, 2024 

The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was and , respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, there were million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Company's 2014 Plan. This cost is expected to be recognized over a period of approximately years. 

The number of options and RSUs outstanding as of September 30, 2024 is set forth below, with options separated by range of exercise price. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1) 

Calculation of weighted average remaining contractual term does not include the RSUs that were granted, which have an indefinite contractual term. 

c. 
 
 Share-based awards to non-employee consultants: 

As of September 30, 2024, there are outstanding options or RSUs held by non-employee consultants. 

d. 
 
 Treasury shares: 

On June 2, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program to repurchase up to million of its Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 

per share. On July 21, 2022, the Company received approval from an Israeli court for the share repurchase program. The program was scheduled to expire on the earlier of January 20, 2023, or reaching million of repurchases. On December 22, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved an extension of the repurchase program, with such extension to be in the aggregate amount of up to million. The extension was approved by an Israeli court on February 9, 2023, and it expired on August 9, 2023. 

As of September 30, 2024, pursuant to the Company s share repurchase program, the Company had repurchased a total of of its outstanding ordinary shares at a total cost of million. 

e. 
 
 Warrants to purchase ordinary shares: 

The following table summarizes information about warrants outstanding and exercisable that were classified as equity as of September 30, 2024: 

See footnote (1) 

December 28, 2016 (2) 

See footnote (1) 

April 5, 2019 (3) 

June 12, 2019 (4) 

February 10, 2020 (5) 

February 10, 2020 (6) 

July 6, 2020 (7) 

July 6, 2020 (8) 

December 8, 2020 (9) 

December 8, 2020 (10) 

February 26, 2021 (11) 

February 26, 2021 (12) 

September 29, 2021 (13) 

September 29, 2021 (14) 

per share, which were granted on to Kreos Capital V (Expert) Fund Limited Kreos in connection with a loan made by Kreos to the Company and are 

(2) 
 
 Represents common warrants that were issued as part of the million drawdown under the Loan Agreement which occurred on December 28, 2016. See footnote 1 for exercisability terms. 

(3) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to certain institutional purchasers in a private placement in the Company s registered direct offering of ordinary shares in April 2019. 

(4) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to certain institutional investors in a warrant exercise agreement in June 2019. 

(5) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to certain institutional purchasers in a private placement in the Company s best efforts offering of ordinary shares in February 2020. As of September 30, 2024, warrants were exercised for a total consideration of . 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, no warrants were exercised. 

(6) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to the placement agent as compensation for its role in the Company s February 2020 best efforts offering. As of September 30, 2024, warrants were exercised for a total consideration of . 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, no warrants were exercised. 

warrants were exercised for a total consideration of . 

During the nine months that ended September 30, 2024, no warrants were exercised. 

(8) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to the placement agent as compensation for his role in the Company s July 2020 registered direct offering. 

(9) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to certain institutional purchasers in a private placement in our private placement offering of ordinary shares in December 2020. As of September 30, 2024, warrants were exercised for a total consideration of . 

During the nine months that ended September 30, 2024, no warrants were exercised. 

(10) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to the placement agent as compensation for its role in the Company s December 2020 private placement. As of September 30, 2024, warrants were exercised for a total consideration of . 

During the nine months that ended September 30, 2024, no warrants were exercised. 

(11) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to certain institutional purchasers in a private placement in our private placement offering of ordinary shares in February 2021. 

(12) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to the placement agent as compensation for its role in the Company s February 2021 private placement. 

(13) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to certain institutional purchasers in a private placement in our registered direct offering of ordinary shares in September 2021. 

(14) 
 
 Represents warrants that were issued to the placement agent as compensation for its role in the Company s September 2021 registered direct offering. 

f. 
 
 Share-based compensation expense for employees and non-employees: 

The Company recognized non-cash share-based compensation expenses for both employees and non-employees in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as follows (in thousands): 

Research and development, net 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

24 
 LIFEWARD LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Interest income 

Bank commissions 

reportable segment and derives revenues from selling systems and services. The following is a summary of revenues within geographic areas (in thousands): 

Europe 

Asia-Pacific 

Rest of the world 

Total revenues 

United States 

Germany 

) 

Long-lived assets are comprised of property and equipment, net, and operating lease right-of-use assets. 

Customer B 

Less than 10 . 

25 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operation should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this quarterly report and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 27, 2024 and amended on April 29, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). In addition to historical condensed financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. For a discussion of factors that could cause or contribute to these differences, see Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above. 

Overview 

We are a medical device company that designs, develops, and commercializes life-changing solutions that span the continuum of care in physical rehabilitation and recovery, delivering proven functional and health benefits in clinical settings as well as in the home and community. Our initial product offerings were the ReWalk Personal and ReWalk Rehabilitation Exoskeleton devices for individuals with spinal cord injury SCI Products ). These devices are robotic exoskeletons that are designed for individuals with paraplegia that use our patented tilt-sensor technology and an onboard computer and motion sensors to drive motorized legs that power movement. These SCI Products allow individuals with spinal cord injury SCI the ability to stand and walk again during everyday activities at home or in the community. In March 2023, we received 510(k) clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for the ReWalk Personal Exoskeleton with stair and curb functionality which adds usage on stairs and curbs to the indication for use for the device in the U.S. The clearance permits U.S. customers to participate in more walking activities in real-world environments in their daily lives where stairs or curbs may have previously limited them when using the exoskeleton for its intended, FDA indicated uses. This feature has been available in Europe since initial CE Clearance, and real-world data from a cohort of 47 European users throughout a period of over seven years and consisting of over 18,000 stair steps was collected to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of this feature and support the FDA submission. In June 2024, we submitted a 510(k) premarket notification for ReWalk 7 Personal Exoskeleton device, a next-generation ReWalk model, and such 510(k) is pending FDA review. 

We have sought to expand our product offerings beyond the SCI Products through internal development and distribution agreements. We have developed our ReStore Exo-Suit device (the ReStore ), which we began commercializing in June 2019. The ReStore is a powered, lightweight soft exo-suit intended for use during the rehabilitation of individuals with lower limb disabilities due to stroke. During the second quarter of 2020, we finalized and moved to implement two separate agreements to distribute additional product lines in the United States. We are the exclusive distributor of the MYOLYN MyoCycle FES Pro cycles to U.S. rehabilitation clinics and for the MyoCycle Home cycles available to US veterans through the Veterans Health Administration VHA hospitals. 

On August 11, 2023, we made our first acquisition to supplement our internal growth when we acquired AlterG, a leading provider of anti-gravity system for use in physical and neurological rehabilitation. We paid a cash purchase price of approximately 19 million at closing and additional cash earnouts (initially estimated to be approximately 4 million in the aggregate) may be paid based upon a percentage of AlterG s year-over-year revenue growth over the two years following the closing. The AlterG anti-gravity systems use patented, National Aeronautics and Space Administration-derived Differential Air Pressure DAP technology to reduce the effects of gravity and allow people to rehabilitate with finely calibrated support and reduced pain. AlterG anti-gravity systems are utilized in over 4,000 facilities globally in more than 40 countries. We will continue to evaluate other products for distribution or acquisition that can broaden our product offerings further to help individuals with neurological injury and disability. 

26 

We are in the research stage of ReBoot, a personal soft exo-suit for home and community use by individuals post-stroke, and we are currently evaluating the reimbursement landscape and the potential clinical impact of this device. This product would be a complementary product to ReStore as it provides active assistance to the ankle during plantar flexion and dorsiflexion for gait and mobility improvement in the home environment, and it received Breakthrough Device Designation from the FDA in November 2021. Further investment in the development path of the ReBoot has been temporarily paused in 2023 pending further determination about the clinical and commercial opportunity of this device. 

Our principal markets are primarily in the United States and Europe with some lesser sales to Asia, the Middle East and South America. We sell our products primarily directly in the United States, through a combination (depending on the product line) of direct sales and distributors in Germany, Canada, and Australia, and primarily through distributors in other markets. In our direct markets, we have established relationships with clinics and rehabilitation centers, professional and college sports teams, and individuals and organizations in the spinal cord injury community, and in markets where we do not sell direct to customers, our distributors maintain these relationships. We have offices in Marlborough, Massachusetts, Yokneam, Israel, Berlin, Germany, and Fremont, California from where we operate our business. 

We have in the past generated and expect to generate in the future revenue from a combination of clinics and rehabilitation centers, commercial distributors, third-party payors (including private commercial and government payors), professional and college sports teams, and self-pay individuals. While a broad uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement by third-party commercial payors currently does not exist in the United States for exoskeleton technologies such as the ReWalk Personal Exoskeleton, we are pursuing various paths for coverage and reimbursement and support fundraising efforts by institutions and clinics, such as the VHA policy that was issued in December 2015 for the evaluation, training, and procurement of ReWalk Personal Exoskeleton systems for all qualifying veterans suffering from SCI across the United States. 

We have also been pursuing updates with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS ), to clarify the Medicare coverage category (i.e., benefit category) applicable for personal exoskeletons. In 2022, the National Spinal Cord Injury Statistical Center NSCISC reported that Medicare and Medicaid are the primary payors for approximately 57 of the SCI population which are at least five years post their injury date, with Medicare representing a majority of this percentage. In July 2020, following a successful submission and hearing process, a Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System HCPCS code K1007 was issued (effective October 1, 2020) for lower-limb exoskeletons, including the ReWalk Personal Exoskeleton, which may be used for purposes of claim submission to Medicare, Medicaid, and other payors. 

On November 1, 2023, CMS released the Calendar Year 2024 Home Health Prospective Payment System Final Rule, CMS-1780-F Final Rule ), which was adopted through the notice and comment rulemaking process. The Final Rule, which went into effect on January 1, 2024, includes a policy confirming that personal exoskeletons will be included in the Medicare brace benefit category. Medicare personal exoskeleton claims with dates of service on or after January 1, 2024 that are billed using HCPCS code K1007 will be assigned to the brace benefit category. CMS reimburses items classified under the brace benefit category using a lump sum payment methodology. 

On April 11, 2024, CMS revised its April 2024 Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics, and Supplies DMEPOS Fee Schedule to include a final lump-sum Medicare purchase fee schedule amount for personal exoskeletons (HCPCS code K1007) with an established rate of 91,032. The final payment determination was made by CMS by applying a gap filling process, which was used in light of CMS determining that the code describing the technology has no fee schedule pricing history and that lower extremity exoskeletons incorporate revolutionary features that cannot be described by or considered comparable to any other existing code or combination of codes. As part of gap-filling, CMS utilizes verifiable supplier or commercial pricing information and adjusts this pricing information according to a deflation and update factor methodology. In applying this formula to the K1007 code describing the ReWalk Personal Exoskeleton, CMS says that it calculated this final payment amount by averaging pricing information for exoskeleton devices from Lifeward and other manufacturers. 

In Germany, we continue to make progress toward achieving coverage from the various government, private and worker s compensation payors for our SCI Products. In September 2017, each of German insurer BARMER GEK BARMER and national social accident insurance provider Deutsche Gesetzliche Unfallversicherung DGUV ), indicated that they will provide coverage to users who meet certain inclusion and exclusion criteria. In February 2018, the head office of German Statutory Health Insurance SHI Spitzenverband GKV confirmed their decision to list the ReWalk Personal Exoskeleton system in the German Medical Device Directory. This decision means that ReWalk is listed among all medical devices for compensation, which SHI providers can procure for any approved beneficiary on a case-by-case basis. During the year 2020 and 2021, we announced several new agreements with German SHIs, including TK and DAK Gesundheit, as well as the first German Private Health Insurer PHI ), which outline the process of obtaining our devices for eligible insured patients. We are also currently working with several additional SHIs on securing a formal operating contract that will establish the process of obtaining a ReWalk Personal Exoskeleton for their beneficiaries within their system. Additionally, to date, several private insurers in the United States and Europe are providing reimbursement for ReWalk in certain cases. 

27 

Third Quarter 2024 Business Highlights 

Lifeward initiated actions to further streamline its U.S. operations including closing two U.S. facilities to complete the integration of AlterG. The actions are expected to save the Company approximately 3 million in operating expenses and improve gross margins by approximately two percentage points when the full impact is achieved. 

Lifeward began selling the AlterG family of products through its German sales organization which the Company expects will result in revenue growth from a more focused sales effort and higher margins with little incremental investment by utilizing its existing sales and support infrastructure in Germany. 

Lifeward executed a successful launch of the AlterG NEO which was engineered with a new design to allow a lower price point to make the technology more accessible to a broader range of customers. Since the introduction of the NEO at the end of June, Lifeward has generated orders for approximately 40 units as the NEO is quickly becoming a growth driver for the AlterG product line. 

Lifeward completed its near-term plans to refresh its Board of Directors with the addition of Robert J. Marshall Jr. as a new director and chairman of the Audit Committee. 

28 

Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 

Our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023, are presented below. The results set forth below are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in future periods. 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Revenues 

6,128 

4,403 

18,118 

6,970 

Cost of revenues 

3,908 

3,540 

11,746 

4,960 

Gross profit 

2,220 

863 

6,372 

2,010 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development, net 

998 

1,262 

3,494 

2,830 

Sales and marketing 

4,156 

4,088 

13,573 

9,076 

General and administrative 

240 

3,455 

3,424 

7,579 

Total operating expenses 

5,394 

8,805 

20,491 

19,485 

Operating loss 

(3,174 

(7,942 

(14,119 

(17,475 

Financial income, net 

119 

411 

495 

1,047 

Loss before income taxes 

(3,055 

(7,531 

(13,624 

(16,428 

Taxes on income 

29 

- 

40 

66 

Net loss 

(3,084 

(7,531 

(13,664 

(16,494 

Net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted 

(0.35 

(0.88 

(1.58 

(1.94 

Weighted average number of shares used in computing net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted (1) 

8,756,882 

8,542,630 

8,652,085 

8,501,397 

29 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Revenue 

Our revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Revenues 

6,128 

4,403 

18,118 

6,970 

Revenues are derived from the sale of SCI Products, AlterG anti-gravity systems, ReStore systems, and units of the Distributed Product. We also generate revenue from the sale of extended warranties and the provision of repair services for the products that we sell. 

Revenues increased by 1.7 million, or 39 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in ReWalk system sold from the expansion of access through Medicare coverage, stronger sales performance in Germany and an increase in AlterG sales compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, which had a partial quarter contribution following the closing of the acquisition in August 2023. 

Revenues increased by 11.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in ReWalk system sold from the expansion of access through Medicare coverage, stronger sales performance in Germany and due to the revenue contribution of AlterG following the closing of the acquisition in August 2023. 

In the future, we expect our growth to be driven by sales of our ReWalk Personal device through expansion of coverage and reimbursement by commercial and government third-party payors, as well as sales of AlterG anti-gravity systems and units of the Distributed Product. 

Gross Profit 

Our gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Gross profit 

2,220 

863 

6,372 

2,010 

Gross profit was 36.2 of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 19.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit included amortization of intangible assets and the step-up value of inventory related to the acquisition of AlterG of 0.4 million and 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Excluding the impact of the acquisition related charges, gross profit as a percentage of revenue was 42.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, down 2.6 percentage points from the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was a result of an unfavorable absorption of production and overhead costs from lower production volume. 

Gross profit was 35.2 of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 28.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit included amortization of intangible assets and the step-up value of inventory related to the acquisition of AlterG of 1.2 million and 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Excluding the impact of the acquisition related charges, gross profit as a percentage of revenue was 41.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, down 3.2 percentage points from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decline was a result of a low volume of AlterG product sales in the first quarter, which resulted in adverse absorption of production and overhead costs, partially offset by volume leverage from a higher volume of ReWalk product sales. 

We expect gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of revenue will increase in the future as we increase our revenue volumes and realize operating efficiencies associated with greater scale which will reduce the cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue. Additionally, we expect gross profit as a percentage of revenue to increase as a result of the closure of our Fremont manufacturing facility at the end of 2024 and the move of production to a contract manufacturer. Improvements may be partially offset by increased material costs, shipping costs, and costs of service. 

Research and Development Expenses, net 

Our research and development expenses, net, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Research and development, net 

998 

1,262 

3,494 

2,830 

Research and development expenses were 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.3 million, or 20.1 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily attributable to the completion of the development program for the ReWalk 7. 

Research and development expenses were 3.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.7 million or 23.5 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is primarily due to the acquisition of AlterG, which contributed partially following the acquisition's close in August 2023, and included investments in new product development projects. This was partially offset by lower subcontracting and consulting expenses following the completion of the ReWalk 7 development program. 

We intend to focus our research and development resources primarily on supporting our current products, advancing the ongoing product development activities for our AlterG Anti-Gravity systems, and preparing for the next stages following our recent FDA 510(k) submission for clearance of the ReWalk 7 next-generation exoskeleton model. 

30 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Our sales and marketing expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Sales and marketing 

4,156 

4,088 

13,573 

9,076 

Sales and marketing expenses were 4.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.1 million, or 2 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. These expenses included amortization of intangible assets from the AlterG acquisition, amounting to 0.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 and 0.2 million in the third quarter of 2023. The remaining decrease of 0.1 million is due to a reduction in consulting expenses related to the CMS reimbursement process, partially offset by a limited consolidation of AlterG following the acquisition in August 2023. 

Sales and marketing expenses totaled 13.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, reflecting an increase of 4.5 million, or 49.5 , compared to the same period in 2023. These expenses included amortization of intangible assets related to the AlterG acquisition, amounting to 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.2 million in the same period in 2023. The remaining 3.6 million increase is mainly due to higher personnel-related expenses from increased headcount following the AlterG acquisition and additional spending on promotional activities. 

Our sales and marketing efforts are expected to focus on driving growth in our commercial product portfolio, expanding the reimbursement coverage by commercial payors of our ReWalk Personal Exoskeleton device, and expanding the commercial and clinical capabilities of the Lifeward organization. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Our general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

General and administrative 

240 

3,455 

3,424 

7,579 

General and administrative expenses were 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 3.2 million, or 93 , compared to the same period in 2023. These expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, included 0.1 million in amortization of intangible assets related to the AlterG acquisition and 2.0 million in income from an adjustment to remeasure the earnout liability from the AlterG acquisition. The remaining 1.2 million decrease was primarily due to a reduction of 1.3 million in M A-related expenses, partially offset by higher personnel-related costs. 

General and administrative expenses were 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 4.2 million, or 54.8 , compared to the same period in 2023. These expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, included 0.2 million in amortization of intangible assets from the AlterG acquisition, 2.5 million in other income from the remeasurement of the earnout liability related to the AlterG acquisition, and an additional 0.5 million in other income from post-closing statement adjustments associated with the acquisition. The remaining 1.4 million decrease is primarily due to a reduction of 2.3 million in M A-related expenses, partially offset by the full nine-month contribution of AlterG expenses and higher professional services costs. 

Financial Income, Net 

Our financial income, net, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Financial income, net 

119 

411 

495 

1,047 

Financial income, net, decreased by 0.3 million, or 71 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to yield on a lower cash balance resulting from the funding of the growth of Lifeward over the past year. 

Financial income, net, decreased by 0.6 million, or 52.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to yield on a lower cash balance resulting from the acquisition of AlterG and funding of the growth of Lifeward over the past year. 

31 

Income Taxes 

Our income tax for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Taxes on income 

29 

- 

40 

66 

Income taxes increased by 29 thousand, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, mainly due to deferred taxes and timing differences in our subsidiaries. 

Income taxes decreased by 26 thousand, or 39.4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, mainly due to the utilization of net operation losses forward arising from the acquisition of AlterG. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our condensed financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates, judgments, and assumptions on historical experience and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known. Besides the estimates identified above that are considered critical, we make many other accounting estimates in preparing our condensed financial statements and related disclosures. See Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in our 2023 Form 10-K for a description of the significant accounting policies that we used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. 

There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies or our critical judgments from the information provided in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies of our 2023 Form 10-K, except for the updates provided in Note 3 of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this quarterly report . 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 3 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this quarterly report for information regarding new accounting pronouncements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity and Outlook 

Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale of certain of our equity securities and convertible notes to investors in private placements, the sale of our ordinary shares in public offerings and the incurrence of bank debt. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred a consolidated net loss of 13.7 million and have an accumulated deficit in the total amount of 249.5 million. Our cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024, totaled 10.7 million and our negative operating cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 17.7 million. We believe that we have sufficient funds to support our operations for more than 12 months following the issuance date of our condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

In November 2024, we began streamlining our U.S. operations, including closing two U.S. facilities to complete the integration following the acquisition of AlterG. As a result of the organizational changes, we reduced our total headcount by greater than 35 since the closing of the AlterG acquisition. Key functions located at the affected facilities will be integrated into the operations of the Marlborough, Massachusetts facility, and manufacturing of the AlterG Anti-Gravity Systems will be assumed by Cirtronics Corporation, a nationally recognized contract manufacturer specializing in the manufacture of precision medical devices and instrumentation. We estimate that such consolidation will save the Company approximately 3 million in operating expenses and improve gross margins when the full impact is achieved, which we expect to contribute to our goal of reducing costs and achieving profitability. 

We expect to incur future net losses and our transition to profitability is dependent upon, among other things, the successful development and commercialization of our products and product candidates, the establishment of contracts for the distribution of new product lines, or the acquisition of additional product lines, any of which, or in combination, would contribute to the achievement of a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure. If the Company does not achieve a level of revenues adequate to support its cost structure, it will implement cost reduction measures. These plans may include restructuring efforts and additional cost reductions if needed. Until we achieve profitability or generate positive cash flows, we will continue to need to raise additional cash from time to time. 

We intend to fund future operations through cash on hand, additional private and/or public offerings of debt or equity securities, cash exercises of outstanding warrants or a combination of the foregoing. In addition, we may seek additional capital through arrangements with strategic partners or from other sources and we will continue to address our cost structure. Notwithstanding, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional funds or achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flows from operations. 

32 

Our anticipated primary uses of cash are (i) sales, marketing and reimbursement expenses related to market development activities for our ReWalk Personal device and AlterG anti-gravity system, broadening third-party payor and CMS coverage for our ReWalk Personal device and commercializing our new product lines added through distribution agreements; (ii) development of future generation designs for our spinal cord injury device, new AlterG products utilizing DAP technology, and our lightweight exo-suit technology for potential home personal health utilization for multiple indications; (iii) routine product updates; (iv) potential acquisitions of businesses, such as our recent acquisition of AlterG,; and (v) general corporate purposes, including working capital needs. Our future cash requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of our spending on research and development efforts, the attractiveness of potential acquisition candidates, and international expansion. If our current estimates of revenue, expenses or capital or liquidity requirements change or are inaccurate, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or arrange for bank debt financing. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise such funds at all or on acceptable terms. 

Equity Raises 

Use of Form S-3 

Beginning with the filing of our Form 10-K on February 17, 2017, we were subject to limitations under the applicable rules of Form S-3, which constrained our ability to secure capital with respect to public offerings pursuant to our effective Form S-3. These rules limit the size of primary securities offerings conducted by issuers with a public float of less than 75 million to no more than one-third of their public float in any 12-month period. At the time of filing our 2023 Form 10-K, on February 27, 2024, we were subject to these limitations because our public float did not reach at least 75 million in the 60 days preceding the filing of our 2023 Form 10-K. We will continue to be subject to these limitations for the remainder of the 2024 fiscal year and until the earlier of such time as our public float reaches at least 75 million or when we file our next annual report for the year ended December 31, 2024, at which time we will be required to re-test our status under these rules. If our public float is below 75 million as of the filing of our next annual report on Form 10-K, or at the time we file a new Form S-3, we will continue to be subject to these limitations, until the date that our public float again reaches 75 million. These limitations do not apply to secondary offerings for the resale of our ordinary shares or other securities by selling shareholders or to the issuance of ordinary shares upon conversion by holders of convertible securities, such as warrants. We have registered up to 100 million of ordinary shares warrants and/or debt securities and certain other outstanding securities with registration rights on our registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC in May 2022. 

Share Repurchase Program 

On June 2, 2022, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program to repurchase up to 8.0 million of our ordinary shares. On July 21, 2022, we received approval from an Israeli court for the share repurchase program. The program was scheduled to expire on the earlier of January 20, 2023, or reaching 8.0 million of repurchases. On December 22, 2022, our board of directors approved an extension of the repurchase program, with such extension to be in the aggregate amount of up to 5.8 million. The extension was approved by an Israeli court on February 9, 2023, and it expired on August 9, 2023. 

As of September 30, 2024, pursuant to the share repurchase program, we had repurchased a total of 574,658 of our outstanding ordinary shares at a total cost of 3.5 million. 

33 

Cash Flows for the nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(17,749 

(16,183 

Net cash used in investing activities 

- 

(18,070 

Net cash used in financing activities 

- 

(992 

Effect of Exchange rate changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

(29 

(24 

Net cash flow 

(17,778 

(35,269 

Net Cash used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities increased by 1.6 million, or 9.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to increase in trade receivables from the timing of Medicare payments for initial claims to be paid and increased inventory purchases for the establishment of safety stock of ReWalk systems as a result of the continuing conflict in Israel and in preparation for the future new product introduction of the ReWalk 7. 

Net Cash used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 18.1 million, primarily due to the acquisition of AlterG that took place in 2023. 

Net Cash used in Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 1 million, or 100 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease is due to the repurchase of our ordinary shares under our repurchase program, which expired on August 9, 2023. 

Obligations and Contractual Commitments 

Set forth below is a summary of our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024. 

Payments due by period (in dollars, in thousands) 

Contractual obligations 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1-3 years 

Purchase obligations (1) 

5,929 

5,929 

- 

Collaboration Agreement and License Agreement obligations (2) 

35 

35 

- 

Operating lease obligations (3) 

1,024 

974 

50 

Earnout liability (4) 

792 

- 

792 

Total 

7,780 

6,938 

842 

(1) 

We depend on one contract manufacturer, Sanmina Corporation, for both the SCI products and the ReStore Products. We place our manufacturing orders with Sanmina pursuant to purchase orders or by providing forecasts for future requirements. The AlterG Anti-Gravity systems are currently produced in Fremont, California by us and following the upcoming closure of our Fremont manufacturing facility at the end of 2024, we will move production to a contract manufacturer. Purchase orders are executed with suppliers based on our sales forecast. 

(2) 

Under the Collaboration Agreement, we were required to pay in quarterly installments the funding of our joint research collaboration with Harvard, subject to a minimum funding commitment under applicable circumstances. Our License Agreement with Harvard consists of patent reimbursement expenses payments and a license upfront fee payment. There are also several milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain product development and commercialization milestones and royalty payments on net sales from certain patents licensed to Harvard. All product development milestones contemplated by the License Agreement have been met as of September 30, 2024; however, there are still outstanding commercialization milestones under the License Agreement that depend on us reaching certain sales amounts, some or all of which may not occur. Our Collaboration Agreement with Harvard was concluded on March 31, 2022. 

(3) 

Our operating leases consist of leases for our facilities in the United States and Israel and motor vehicles. 

(4) 

Earnout payments based on AlterG s revenue growth during the trailing twelve-month periods a year following closing of the transaction. 

We calculated the payments due under our operating lease obligation for our Israeli office that are to be paid in NIS at a rate of exchange of NIS 3.71: 1.00, and the payments due under our operating lease obligation for our German subsidiary that are to be paid in euros at a rate of exchange of 1.00: 1.12, both of which were the applicable exchange rates as of September 30, 2024. 

34 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We had no off-balance sheet arrangements or guarantees of third-party obligations as of September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

There have been no material changes to our market risk during the third quarter of 2024. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, please see Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. 

As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon, and as of the date of, this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information required to be disclosed by us in our SEC reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

35 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There have been no material changes to our legal proceedings as described in Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings of our 2023 Form 10-K, except as described in Note 7 in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Except as disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2024, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

36 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 

(as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

37 

ITEM 6. EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

 Number 

Description 

3.1 

Sixth Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company. 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. 

__________________________ 

Furnished herewith. 

Filed herewith 

Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted under rules of the SEC permitting the confidential treatment of select information. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Lifeward Ltd. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Larry Jasinski 

Larry Jasinski 

Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Michael Lawless 

Michael Lawless 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

39 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit_3-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

THE ISRAELI COMPANIES LAW 

A COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

Lifeward Ltd.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

1. 
 
 Definitions 

a) 
 
 In these Articles the following terms shall bear the meaning ascribed to them below:

Alternate Director is defined in Article 41.

Annual General Meeting shall have the meaning
 assigned to such term in the Companies Law.

The Articles shall mean these Articles of
 Association of the Company, as amended from time to time.

Audit Committee shall mean the Audit Committee
 of the Board of Directors.

Board of Directors shall mean Board of
 Directors of the Company.

The Company shall mean Lifeward Ltd.

The Companies Law shall mean the Israeli Companies Law, 1999, as amended from time to time.

A Director shall mean a member of the Board of
 Directors.

External Director shall have the meaning
 assigned to such term in the Companies Law.

Extraordinary General Meeting shall mean any
 General Meeting other than the Annual General Meeting.

General Counsel shall mean the General Counsel
 of the Company.

General Manager(s) is defined in Article 46.

General Meeting shall mean a general meeting
 of the shareholders of the Company, which may be an Annual General Meeting or an Extraordinary General Meeting.

NIS shall mean New Israeli Shekel.

Office means the registered office of the
 Company.

Ordinary Majority shall mean a simple majority
 of the votes cast by shareholders at a General Meeting in person or by means of a proxy.

Ordinary Shares shall mean the ordinary shares of the Company, par value NIS 1.75 per share.

Person shall mean any individual or firm,
 corporation, partnership, association, trust or other entity.

Register of Shareholders shall mean a register
 of the shareholders of the Company.

The Secretary shall mean the corporate
 secretary of the Company.

Shareholders Resolution shall mean a
 resolution adopted by votes of shareholders of the Company at a General Meeting.

b) 
 
 The captions in these Articles are for convenience only and shall not be deemed a part hereof or affect the construction of any provision hereof.

c) 
 
 Unless the subject or the context otherwise requires, words and expressions not defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Companies Law in force on the date when these Articles or any amendment thereto, as the
 case may be, first became effective; words and expressions importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa; and words and expressions importing the masculine gender shall include the feminine gender.

2. 
 
 Object and Purpose of the Company 

(a) The object and purpose of the Company shall be to engage in any lawful activity.

(b) In accordance with Section 11(a) of the Companies Law, the Company may donate reasonable amounts to any cause it deems worthy. The Board of Directors or an
 authorized Committee of the Board of Directors may from time to time determine the policy and amounts within which such donations may be made by the Company, and the Person or Persons authorized to approve any such specific donation.

3. 
 
 Limitation of Liability 

The liability of the shareholders is limited to the payment of the nominal value of the shares in the Company issued to them and which remains unpaid, and only to that amount. 
 If the Company s share capital shall include at any time shares without a nominal value, the shareholders liability in respect of such shares shall be limited to the payment of up to NIS 1.75 for each such share issued to them and which remains
 unpaid, and only to that amount.

SHARE CAPITAL

4. 
 
 Authorized Share Capital 

The authorized share capital of the Company is Forty-Three Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand New Israeli Shekels (NIS 43,750,000) divided into Twenty-Five Million
 (25,000,000) Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 1.75 per share.

5. 
 
 Increase of Authorized Share Capital 

(a) The Company may, from time to time, by Shareholders Resolution, whether or not all the shares then authorized have been issued, and whether or not all the shares
 theretofore issued have been called up for payment, increase its authorized share capital by the creation of new shares through amending these Articles. Any such increase shall be in such amount and shall be divided into shares of such nominal
 amounts (or no nominal amounts), and such shares shall confer such rights and preferences, and shall be subject to such restrictions, as such resolution shall provide.

(b) Except to the extent otherwise provided in such resolution, such new shares shall be subject to all the provisions applicable to the shares prior to such resolution.

2 

6. 
 
 Rights of the Ordinary Shares 

The Ordinary Shares confer upon the holders thereof all rights accruing to a shareholder of the Company, as provided in these Articles, including, inter alia , the right to receive notices of, and to attend meetings of shareholders; for each share held, the right to one vote at all meetings of shareholders; and to share equally, on a per share basis, in such dividend and
 other distributions to shareholders of the Company as may be declared by the Board of Directors in accordance with these Articles and the Companies Law, and upon liquidation or dissolution of the Company, in the distribution of assets of the
 Company legally available for distribution to shareholders in accordance with the terms of applicable law and these Articles. All Ordinary Shares rank pari passu in all respects with each other.

7. 
 
 Special Rights; Modifications of Rights 

(a) The Company may, from time to time, by Shareholders Resolution, provide for shares with such preferred or deferred rights or rights of redemption or other special
 rights and/or such restrictions, whether in regard to dividends, voting, repayment of share capital or otherwise, as may be stipulated in such resolution.

(b) (i) If at any time the share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any class, unless otherwise provided by these
 Articles and subject to applicable law, may be modified or abrogated by the Company, by Shareholders Resolution, subject to an approval by a resolution passed by the holders of a simple majority of the shares of such class voting at a separate
 General Meeting of the holders of the shares of such class.

(ii) The provisions of these Articles relating to General Meetings shall, mutatis mutandis , apply to any separate General
 Meeting of the holders of the shares of a particular class.

(iii) Unless otherwise provided by these Articles, the enlargement of an existing class of shares, or the issuance of additional shares thereof, shall not be deemed, for
 purposes of this Article 7(b), to modify or abrogate the rights attached to the previously issued shares of such class or of any other class.

8. 
 
 Consolidation, Subdivision, Cancellation and Reduction of Share Capital 

(a) The Company may, from time to time, by Shareholders Resolution (subject, however, to the provisions of Article 7(b) hereof and to applicable law):

(i) consolidate and divide all or any of its issued or unissued share capital into shares of larger nominal value than its existing shares;

(ii) subdivide its shares (issued or unissued) or any of them, into shares of smaller nominal value than is fixed by these Articles (subject, however, to the provisions of
 the Companies Law), and the Shareholders Resolution whereby any share is subdivided may determine that, as among the holders of the shares resulting from such subdivision, one or more of the shares may, as compared with the others, have any such
 preferred or deferred rights or rights of redemption or other special rights, or be subject to any such restrictions, as the Company has power to attach to unissued or new shares;

(iii) cancel any shares which, at the date of the adoption of such resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any Person, and diminish the amount of its
 share capital by the amount of the shares so cancelled; or

(iv) reduce its share capital in any manner, and with and subject to any consent required by law.

(b) With respect to any consolidation of issued shares into shares of larger nominal value, and with respect to any other action which may result in fractional shares,
 the Board of Directors may settle any difficulty which may arise with regard thereto, as it deems fit, including, inter alia , resort to one or more of the following actions:

(i) determine, as to the holder of shares so consolidated, which issued shares shall be consolidated into each share of larger nominal value;

3 

(ii) issue, in contemplation of or subsequent to such consolidation or other action, such shares or fractional shares sufficient to preclude or remove fractional share
 holdings;

(iii) redeem, in the case of redeemable preference shares, and subject to applicable law, such shares or fractional shares sufficient to preclude or remove fractional
 share holdings;

(iv) subject to applicable law, cause the transfer of fractional shares by certain shareholders of the Company to other shareholders thereof so as to most expediently
 preclude or remove any fractional shareholdings, and cause the transferees to pay the transferors the fair value of fractional shares so transferred, and the Board of Directors is hereby authorized to act as agent for the transferors and
 transferees with power of substitution for purposes of implementing the provisions of this sub-Article 8(b)(iv); or

(v) cause the aggregation of fractional shares and the sale thereof so as to most expediently preclude or remove any fractional shareholding and cause the proceeds
 thereof, less expenses, to be paid to the former holders of the fractional shares.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a class of shares has no nominal value, then any of the foregoing actions may be taken with respect to such class without regard to
 nominal value.

SHARES

9. 
 
 Issuance of Share Certificates; Replacement of Lost Certificates 

(a) Share certificates shall be issued under the seal or stamp of the Company and shall bear the signature of any two (2) Directors or any two (2) of the following: the
 General Manager, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel, the Secretary, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, or of any other Person or Persons authorized thereto by the Board of Directors.
 For the avoidance of doubt, any transfer agent designated by the Company may issue share certificates on behalf of the Company even if the signatories on the share certificate no longer serve in the relevant capacities at the time of such issuance.

(b) The Company may issue un-certificated shares, provided, however, that each holder of shares shall be entitled to one numbered certificate for all the shares of any
 class registered in his name, and if reasonably requested by such holder, to several certificates, each for one or more of such shares.

(c) A share certificate registered in the names of two or more Persons shall be delivered to the Person first named in the Register of Shareholders in respect of such
 co-ownership.

(d) If a share certificate is defaced, lost or destroyed, it may be replaced, upon payment of such fee, and upon the furnishing of such evidence of ownership and such
 affidavit and indemnity or security, as the Company s Secretary may deem fit.

10. 
 
 Issuance of Shares; Registered Holders of Shares 

(a) The unissued shares from time to time shall be under the control of the Board of Directors, who shall have the power to issue shares or otherwise dispose of them to
 such Persons, on such terms and conditions (including inter alia terms relating to calls as set forth in Article 11(f) hereof), and either at par or at a premium, or, subject to the provisions of the
 Companies Law, at a discount, and at such times, as the Board of Directors may deem fit, and the power to give to any Person the option to acquire from the Company any shares, either at par or at a premium, or, subject to the provisions of the
 Companies Law, at a discount, during such time and for such consideration as the Board of Directors may deem fit.

(b) Except as otherwise provided in these Articles, the Company shall be entitled to treat the registered holder of any share as the absolute owner thereof, and,
 accordingly, shall not, except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction, or as required by statute, be bound to recognize any trust or equitable or other claim to, or interest in such share on the part of any other Person.

4 

(c) Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Law and to all orders and regulations issued thereunder, the Board of Directors may elect to
 maintain one or more Registers of Shareholders outside of Israel in addition to its principal Register of Shareholders, and each such register shall be deemed a Register of Shareholders for purposes of these Articles, and, subject to all applicable
 requirements of law, the Board of Directors may from time to time adopt such rules and procedures as it may think fit in connection with the keeping of such branch registers.

11. 
 
 Calls on Shares 

(a) The Company may, from time to time, make such calls as the Board of Directors may determine upon holders of shares in respect of any sum unpaid for shares held by
 such holders which is not, by the terms of issuance thereof or otherwise, payable at a fixed time, and each such holder shall pay the amount of every call so made upon him (and of each installment thereof if the same is payable in installments), to
 the Person(s) and at the time(s) and place(s) designated by the Board of Directors, as any such time(s) may be thereafter extended and/or such Person(s) or place(s) changed. Unless otherwise stipulated in the resolution of the Board of Directors
 (and in the notice hereafter referred to), each payment in response to a call shall be deemed to constitute a pro rata payment on account of all shares in respect of which such call was made.

(b) Notice of any call shall be given in writing to the holder(s) in question not less than fourteen (14) days prior to the time of payment, specifying the time and
 place of payment, and designating the Person to whom such payment shall be made, provided, however, that before the time for any such payment, the Company upon approval of the Board of Directors may, by notice in writing to such holder(s), revoke
 such call in whole or in part, extend such time, or alter such Person and/or place. In the event of a call payable in installments, only one notice thereof need be given.

(c) If, by the terms of issuance of any share or otherwise, any amount is made payable at any fixed time, every such amount shall be payable at such time as if it were a
 call duly made by the Company and of which due notice had been given, and all the provisions herein contained with respect to such calls shall apply to each such amount.

(d) The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof and all interest payable thereon.

(e) Any amount unpaid in respect of a call shall bear interest from the date on which it is payable until actual payment thereof, at such rate (not exceeding the then
 prevailing debitory rate charged by leading commercial banks in Israel), and at such time(s) as the Board of Directors may prescribe.

(f) Upon the issuance of shares, the Board of Directors may provide for differences among the holders of such shares as to the amount of calls and/or the times of
 payment thereof.

(g) With the approval of the Board of Directors, any holder of shares may pay to the Company any amount not yet payable in respect of his shares. The Board of Directors
 may at any time cause the Company to repay all or any part of the money so advanced, without premium or penalty.

12. 
 
 Forfeiture and Surrender 

(a) If any holder fails to pay any amount payable in respect of a call, or interest thereon as provided for herein, on or before the day fixed for payment of the same,
 the Company, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may at any time thereafter, so long as the said amount or interest remains unpaid, forfeit all or any of the shares in respect of which said call had been made. Any expense incurred by the
 Company in attempting to collect any such amount or interest, including, inter alia , attorneys fees and costs of suit, shall be added to, and shall, for all purposes (including the accrual of interest
 thereon), constitute a part of the amount payable to the Company in respect of such call.

5 

(b) Upon the adoption of a resolution of forfeiture, the Board of Directors shall cause notice thereof to be given to such holder, which notice shall state that, in the
 event of the failure to pay the entire amount so payable within a period stipulated in the notice (which period shall not be less than fourteen (14) days and which may be extended by the Company with the approval of the Board of Directors), such
 shares shall be ipso facto forfeited, provided, however, that, prior to the expiration of such period, the Board of Directors may nullify such resolution of forfeiture, but no such nullification shall estop
 the Board of Directors from adopting a further resolution of forfeiture in respect of the non-payment of the same amount.

(c) Whenever shares are forfeited as herein provided, all dividends theretofore declared in respect thereof and not actually paid shall be deemed to have been forfeited
 at the same time.

(d) The Company, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may accept the voluntary surrender of any share.

(e) Any shares forfeited or surrendered as provided herein shall become Dormant Shares and the property of the Company, and the same, subject to the provisions of these
 Articles, may be sold, re-issued or otherwise disposed of as the Board of Directors deems fit.

(f) Any holder whose shares have been forfeited or surrendered shall cease to be a holder in respect of the forfeited or surrendered shares, but shall, notwithstanding,
 be liable to pay, and shall forthwith pay, to the Company, all calls, interest and expenses owing upon or in respect of such shares at the time of forfeiture or surrender, together with interest thereon from the time of forfeiture or surrender
 until actual payment, at the rate prescribed in Article 11(e) above, and the Company, in its discretion, may enforce the payment of such moneys, or any part thereof, but shall not be under any obligation to do so. In the event of such forfeiture
 or surrender, the Company, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may accelerate the date(s) of payment of any or all amounts then owing by the holder in question (but not yet due) in respect of all shares owned by such holder, solely or jointly
 with another.

(g) The Board of Directors may at any time, before any share so forfeited or surrendered shall have been sold, re-issued or otherwise disposed of, nullify the forfeiture
 or surrender on such conditions as it deems fit, but no such nullification shall estop the Board of Directors from re-exercising its powers of forfeiture pursuant to this Article 12.

13. 
 
 Lien 

(a) Except to the extent the same may be waived or subordinated in writing, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall have a first and paramount lien
 upon all the shares (other than shares which are fully paid up) registered in the name of each holder (without regard to any equitable or other claim or interest in such shares on the part of any other Person), and upon the proceeds of the sale
 thereof, for his debts and liabilities, solely or jointly with another, to the Company in respect of such shares, whether the period for the payment, fulfillment or discharge thereof shall have actually arrived or not. Such lien shall extend to
 all dividends from time to time declared in respect of such share. Unless otherwise provided, the registration by the Company of a transfer of shares shall be deemed to be a waiver on the part of the Company of the lien (if any) existing on such
 shares immediately prior to such transfer.

(b) The Board of Directors may cause the Company to sell any shares subject to such lien when any such debt or liability has matured, in such manner as the Board of
 Directors may deem fit, but no such sale shall be made unless such debt or liability or has not been satisfied within fourteen (14) days after written notice of the intention to sell shall have been served on such holder, his executors or
 administrators.

(c) The net proceeds of any such sale, after payment of the costs thereof, shall be applied in or toward satisfaction of such debts or liabilities of such holder
 (whether or not the same have matured), or any specific part of the same (as the Company may determine), and the residue (if any) shall be paid to the holder, his executors, administrators or assigns.

6 

14. 
 
 Sale after Forfeiture or Surrender or in Enforcement of Lien 

Upon any sale of shares after forfeiture or surrender or for enforcing a lien, the Board of Directors may appoint some Person to execute an instrument of transfer of the shares
 so sold and cause the purchaser s name to be entered in the Register of Shareholders in respect of such shares, and the purchaser shall not be bound to see to the propriety of the proceedings, or to the application of the purchase money, and after
 his name has been entered in the Register of Shareholders in respect of such shares, the validity of the sale shall not be impeached by any Person, and the remedy of any Person aggrieved by the sale shall be in damages only and against the Company
 exclusively.

15. 
 
 Redeemable Shares 

The Company may, subject to applicable law, issue redeemable shares and redeem the same upon the conditions and terms determined by the Board of Directors.

TRANSFER OF SHARES

16. 
 
 Effectiveness and Registration 

(a) No transfer of shares shall be registered in the Register of Shareholders unless a proper instrument of transfer (in form and substance satisfactory to the
 Secretary) has been submitted to the Company or its agent, together with any share certificate(s) and such other evidence of title as the Secretary may reasonably require, and unless such transfer complies with applicable law and these Articles. 
 Until the transferee has been registered in the Register of Shareholders in respect of the shares so transferred, the Company may continue to treat the transferor as the owner thereof. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, prescribe a fee
 for the registration of a transfer.

(b) The Company shall be entitled to refuse to recognize a transfer deed until the certificate of the transferred share is attached to it together with any other
 evidence which the Board of Directors or the Secretary shall require as proof of the transferor s right to transfer the share and payment of any transfer fee determined by the Board of Directors. Registered transfer deeds shall remain with the
 Company, but any transfer deed which the Company refused to register shall be returned to the transferor upon demand.

(c) The Board of Directors may close the Register of Shareholders for a period of up to thirty (30) days in each year.

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES

17. 
 
 Decedents Shares 

(a) In case of a share registered in the names of two or more holders, the Company may recognize the survivor(s) as the sole owner(s) thereof unless and until the
 provisions of Article 17(b) have been effectively invoked.

(b) Any Person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death of any individual, upon producing evidence of the grant of probate or letters of administration
 or declaration of succession (or such other evidence as the Board of Directors or the Secretary may reasonably deem sufficient of the capacity in which he proposes to act under this Article), shall be registered as a holder in respect of such
 share, or may, subject to the regulations as to transfer herein contained, transfer such share.

18. 
 
 Receivers and Liquidators 

(a) The Company may recognize the receiver or liquidator or similar official of any corporate shareholder in winding-up or dissolution, or the receiver or trustee or
 similar official in bankruptcy or in connection with the reorganization of any shareholder, as being entitled to the shares registered in the name of such shareholder.

(b) The receiver or liquidator or similar official of a corporate shareholder in winding-up or dissolution, or the receiver or trustee or similar official in bankruptcy
 or in connection with the reorganization of any shareholder, upon producing such evidence as the Board of Directors or the Secretary may deem sufficient of the capacity in which he proposes to act under this Article, shall with the consent of the
 Secretary, be registered as a shareholder in respect of such shares, or may, subject to the provisions as to transfer herein contained, transfer such shares.

7 

RECORD DATE WITH RESPECT TO OWNERSHIP OF SHARES

19. 
 
 Record Dates 

(a) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Articles, for the determination of the holders entitled to receive notice of and to participate in and vote at
 a General Meeting or to express consent to or dissent from any corporate action in writing, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date which shall neither be earlier nor later than is permitted under applicable law. No Persons other
 than holders of record of Ordinary Shares as of such record date shall be entitled to notice of and to participate in and vote at such General Meeting, or to exercise such other right, as the case may be. A determination of holders of record with
 respect to a General Meeting shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting, provided that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for an adjourned meeting.

(b) Subject to the applicable law, the holders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or issuance of any rights, shall be the shareholders on
 the date upon which it was resolved to distribute the dividend or at such later date as shall be determined by, or pursuant to a resolution of, the Board of Directors.

GENERAL MEETINGS

20. 
 
 Annual General Meeting 

An Annual General Meeting shall be held once in every calendar year at such time (within a period of not more than fifteen (15) months after the last preceding Annual General
 Meeting) and at such place either within or without the State of Israel as may be determined by the Board of Directors.

21. 
 
 Extraordinary General Meetings 

The Board of Directors may, whenever it deems fit, convene an Extraordinary General Meeting at such time and place, within or without the State of Israel, as may be determined by
 the Board of Directors, and shall be obliged to do so upon a demand in writing in accordance with Section 63(b) of the Companies Law, if the proposed resolution is suitable for determination by shareholders.

22. 
 
 Notice of General Meetings 

(a) The Company is required to give such prior notice of a General Meeting as required by applicable law, but in any event not less than fourteen (14) days. The Company
 is not required to deliver personal notice to every shareholder except to the extent required by applicable law. In any event, the accidental omission to give notice of a meeting to any shareholder or the non-receipt of notice by any of the
 shareholders shall not invalidate the proceedings at any meeting.

(b) The notice of the meeting shall set forth the agenda of the meeting.

8 

(c) Any Shareholder or Shareholders of the Company holding at least one percent (1 of the voting rights of the Company (the Proposing Shareholder(s) may request,
 subject to the Companies Law, that the Board of Directors include a matter on the agenda of a General Meeting, provided that the matter is appropriate to be considered in a General Meeting (a Proposal Request ). In order for the Board of
 Directors to consider a Proposal Request and whether to include the matter stated therein in the agenda of a General Meeting, notice of the Proposal Request must be timely delivered under any applicable law and stock exchange rules and regulations
 and the Proposal Request must comply with the requirement of these Articles (including this Article 22) and any applicable law and stock exchange rules and regulations. The Proposal Request must be in writing, signed by all of the Proposing
 Shareholder(s) making such request, delivered, either in person or by certified mail, postage prepaid, and received by the Secretary (or, in the absence thereof by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company). The announcement of an adjournment or
 postponement of a General Meeting shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the delivery of a Proposal Request as described above. The Proposal Request must include the following: (i) the name, address, telephone number,
 fax number and email address of the Proposing Shareholder (or each Proposing Shareholder, as the case may be) and, if an entity, the name(s) of the person(s) that controls or manages such entity; (ii) the number of Ordinary Shares held by the
 Proposing Shareholder(s), directly or indirectly (and, if any of such Ordinary Shares are held indirectly, an explanation of how they are held and by whom), which shall be in such number no less than as is required to qualify as a Proposing
 Shareholder, accompanied by evidence satisfactory to the Company of the record holding of such Ordinary Shares by the Proposing Shareholder(s) as of the date of the Proposal Request, and a representation that the Proposing Shareholder(s) intends to
 appear in person or by proxy at the meeting; (iii) the matter requested to be included on the agenda of a General Meeting, all information related to such matter, the reason that such matter is proposed to be brought before the General Meeting, the
 complete text of the resolution that the Proposing Shareholder proposes to be voted upon at the General Meeting and, if the Proposing Shareholder wishes to have a position statement in support of the Proposal Request, a copy of such position
 statement that complies with the requirement of any applicable law; (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the Proposing Shareholders and any other Person(s) (naming such Person or Persons) in connection with the matter
 that is requested to be included on the agenda and a declaration signed by all Proposing Shareholder(s) of whether any of them has a personal interest in the matter and, if so, a description in reasonable detail of such personal interest; (v) a
 description of all Derivative Transactions (as defined below) by each Proposing Shareholder(s) during the previous twelve (12) month period, including the date of the transactions and the class, series and number of securities involved in, and the
 material economic terms of, such Derivative Transactions; and (vi) a declaration that all of the information that is required under the Companies Law and any other applicable law and stock exchange rules and regulations to be provided to the
 Company in connection with such matter, if any, has been provided to the Company. The Board of Directors, may, in its discretion, to the extent it deems necessary, request that the Proposing Shareholder(s) provide additional information necessary
 so as to include a matter in the agenda of a General Meeting, as the Board of Directors may reasonably require. A Derivative Transaction means any agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding entered into by, or on behalf or for the benefit
 of, any Proposing Shareholder or any of its affiliates or associates, whether of record or beneficial: (i) the value of which is derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares or other securities of the Company, (ii)
 which otherwise provides any direct or indirect opportunity to gain or share in any gain derived from a change in the value of securities of the Company, (iii) the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit of security
 value or price changes, or (iv) which provides the right to vote or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proposing Shareholder, or any of its affiliates or associates, with respect to any shares or other securities of the Company, which
 agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding may include, without limitation, any option, warrant, debt position, note, bond, convertible security, swap, stock appreciation right, short position, profit interest, hedge, right to dividends,
 voting agreement, performance-related fee or arrangement to borrow or lend shares (whether or not subject to payment, settlement, exercise or conversion in any such class or series), and any proportionate interest of such Proposing Shareholder in
 the securities of the Company held by any general or limited partnership, or any limited liability company, of which such Proposing Shareholder is, directly or indirectly, a general partner or managing member.

The information required pursuant to this Article 22(c) shall be updated as of (i) the record date of the General Meeting, (ii) five business days before the General Meeting, and
 (iii) as of the General Meeting, and any adjournment or postponement thereof.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Articles, unless otherwise provided by applicable law, notice by the Company of a General Meeting which is
 published in one (1) daily newspaper in the State of Israel, if at all, shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date of such publication to any shareholder whose address as registered in the Register of Shareholders (or as designated in
 writing for the receipt of notices and other documents) is located in the State of Israel or whose shares of the Company are registered with a transfer agent, or listed for trade on a stock exchange, that is located in the State of Israel.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Articles, unless otherwise provided by applicable law, notice by the Company of a General Meeting or any other
 matter which is published via one international wire service shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date of such publication to any shareholder whose address as registered in the Register of Shareholders (or as designated in writing for the
 receipt of notices and other documents) is located outside the State of Israel or whose shares of the Company are registered with a transfer agent, or listed for trade on a stock exchange that is located outside the State of Israel.

9 

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS

23. 
 
 Quorum 

Two or more holders of Ordinary Shares (not in default in payment of any sum referred to in Article 12(a) hereof), present in person or by proxy and holding shares conferring in
 the aggregate at least thirty-three-and-one-third percent (33-1/3 of the voting power of the Company shall constitute a quorum at General Meetings. No business shall be transacted at a General Meeting, or at any adjournment thereof, unless the
 requisite quorum is present when the meeting proceeds to business.

24. 
 
 Chairman of Meetings 

The Chairman, if any, of the Board of Directors shall preside as Chairman at every General Meeting of the Company. If there is no such Chairman, or if at any meeting he is not
 present within fifteen (15) minutes after the time fixed for the meeting or is unwilling to act as Chairman or has notified the Company that he will not attend such meeting, the holders of Ordinary Shares present (or their proxies) shall choose
 someone else to be Chairman. The office of Chairman shall not, by itself, entitle the holder thereof to vote at any General Meeting (without derogating, however, from the rights of such Chairman to vote as a holder of Ordinary Shares or proxy of a
 shareholder if, in fact, he is also a shareholder or a proxy).

25. 
 
 Adoption of Resolutions at General Meetings 

(a) Subject to Article 35(a), unless otherwise indicated herein or required by applicable law any Shareholders Resolution shall be deemed adopted if approved by an
 Ordinary Majority, including without limitation, a Merger of the Company or an amendment to these Articles, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

(b) Every question submitted to a General Meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, without derogating from voting by written ballot to the extent permitted, pursuant
 to applicable law.

(c) A declaration by the Chairman of the meeting that a resolution has been carried unanimously, or carried by a particular majority, or defeated, and an entry to that
 effect in the minutes book of the Company, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without need of proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favor of or against such resolution.

26. 
 
 Power to Adjourn 

The Chairman of a General Meeting at which a quorum is present may, with the consent of the holders of a majority of the voting power represented in person or by proxy and voting
 on the question of adjournment (and shall if so directed by the meeting), adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully have been
 transacted at the meeting as originally called. In addition, the Chairman shall, if directed by the Board, adjourn a General Meeting (whether prior to or at the General Meeting) from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be
 transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.

27. 
 
 Voting Power 

Subject to applicable law, and subject to any provision hereof conferring special rights as to voting, or restricting the right to vote, every holder of Ordinary Shares shall
 have one vote for each share registered in his name in the Register of Shareholders upon any resolution put to a vote of the holders of Ordinary Shares.

28. 
 
 Voting Rights 

(a) The shareholders entitled to vote at a General Meeting shall be the shareholders listed in the Company s Register(s) of Shareholders on the record date, as specified
 in Article 19.

10 

(b) A company or other entity which is not an individual being a holder of Ordinary Shares of the Company may be represented by an authorized individual at any meeting
 of the Company. Such authorized individual shall be entitled to exercise on behalf of such holder all the power, which the latter could have exercised if it were an individual shareholder. Upon the request of the Chairman of the meeting, written
 evidence of such authorization (in form acceptable to the Chairman in his sole discretion) shall be delivered to him.

(c) Any holder of Ordinary Shares entitled to vote at the General Meeting may vote thereat either personally or by proxy (who need not be a shareholder of the Company),
 or, if the shareholder is a company or other corporate body, by a representative authorized pursuant to Article 28(b).

(d) If two or more Persons are registered in the Register of Shareholders as joint holders of any Ordinary Share, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, in person or
 by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s); and for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register of Shareholders, all subject to applicable law.

(e) No shareholders shall be entitled to vote at any General Meeting (or be counted as a part of the quorum thereat), unless all calls and other sums then payable by him
 in respect of his shares in the Company have been paid.

(f) The Board of Directors may determine, in its discretion, the matters, if any, that may be voted upon by written ballot delivered to the Company (without attendance
 in person or by proxy) at a General Meeting, in addition to the matters on which shareholders are entitled to do so pursuant to applicable law.

(g) Subject to the provisions of applicable law, the Secretary of the Company may, in his discretion, disqualify proxies, proxy cards, written ballots or any other similar instruments.

PROXIES

29. 
 
 Instrument of Appointment 

(a) The instrument appointing a proxy shall be substantially in the form provided below or any other usual or customary form or such other form as may be approved by the
 Board of Directors from time to time. It shall be duly signed by the appointer or his duly authorized attorney or, if such appointer is a company or other corporate body, under its common seal or stamp or the hand of its duly authorized agent(s)
 or attorney(s).

I, the undersigned, _________________________________, being a

 (name of shareholder)

shareholder of Lifeward Ltd. hereby appoint

________________________ of _____________________________

(name of proxy) 
 
 (address of proxy)

as my proxy to attend and vote on my behalf at [any General Meeting of the Company] [the General Meeting of the Company to be held on
 the _____ day of _______ , 2____ ] and at any adjournment thereof.

Signed this ______ day of ___________, 2___ .

__________________. 

 (signature of shareholder)

(b) The instrument appointing a proxy (and the power of attorney or other authority, if any, under which such instrument has been signed) shall be delivered to the
 Company (at its registered office, or at its principal place of business or at the offices of its registrar and/or transfer agent or at such place as the Board of Directors may specify) not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time fixed for
 the meeting at which the Person named in the instrument proposes to vote, unless otherwise determined by the Chairman of the meeting.

(c) The rights of a shareholder who is legally incapacitated to attend and/or vote at a General Meeting may be exercised by his guardian.

11 

30. 
 
 Effect of Death of Appointer or Revocation of Appointment 

A vote cast pursuant to an instrument appointing a proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death of the appointing shareholder (or of his attorney-in-fact, if any, who
 signed such instrument) or the revocation of the appointment, provided that no written notice of such death or revocation shall have been received by the Company or by the Chairman of the meeting before such vote is cast and provided, further, that
 the appointing shareholder, if present in person at said meeting, may revoke the authority granted by the execution of a proxy by filing with the Company a duly executed instrument appointing another proxy, on or prior to the deadline for the
 delivery of proxies, or by voting in person at the General Meeting.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

31. 
 
 Powers of Board of Directors 

(a) In General 

The oversight of the management of the business of the Company shall be vested in the Board of Directors, which may exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as
 the Company is authorized to exercise and do, and are not hereby or by law required to be exercised or done by the Company in a General Meeting. The authority conferred on the Board of Directors by this Article 31 shall be subject to the
 provisions of the Companies Law, of these Articles and any resolution consistent with the Companies Law and these Articles adopted from time to time by a General Meeting, provided, however, that no such resolution shall invalidate any prior act
 done by or pursuant to a decision of the Board of Directors which would have been valid if such resolution had not been adopted.

(b) Borrowing Power 

The Board of Directors may from time to time, in its discretion, cause the Company to borrow or secure the payment of any sum or sums of money for the purposes of the Company,
 and also may cause the Company to secure or provide for the repayment of such sum or sums in such manner, at such times and upon such terms and conditions in all respects as it deems fit, and, in particular, by the issuance of bonds, perpetual or
 redeemable debentures, debenture stock, or any mortgages, charges, or other securities on the undertaking or the whole or any part of the property of the Company, both present and future, including its uncalled or called but unpaid share capital
 for the time being.

(c) Reserves 

The Board of Directors may, from time to time, set aside any amount(s) out of the profits of the Company as a reserve or reserves for any purpose(s) which the Board of Directors,
 in its absolute discretion, shall deem fit, and the Company may invest any sum so set aside in any manner and from time to time deal with and vary such investments, and dispose of all or any part thereof, and employ any such reserve or any part
 thereof in the business of the Company without being bound to keep the same separate from other assets of the Company, and may subdivide or redesignate any reserve or cancel the same or apply the funds therein for another purpose, all as the Board
 of Directors may from time to time deem fit.

32. 
 
 Exercise of Powers of Directors 

(a) A meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present (in person, by means of a conference call or any other device allowing each director participating
 in such meeting to hear all the other directors participating in such meeting) shall be competent to exercise all the authorities, powers and discretions vested in or exercisable by the Board of Directors.

12 

(b) A resolution proposed at any meeting of the Board of Directors shall be deemed adopted if approved by a simple majority of the Directors present and lawfully
 entitled to vote thereon (as conclusively determined by the Secretary or General Counsel, and in the absence of such determination, by the Chairman of the Audit Committee) and voting thereon.

(c) A resolution may be adopted by the Board of Directors without convening a meeting if all Directors then in office and lawfully entitled to participate in the
 meeting and vote thereon (as conclusively determined by the Secretary or General Counsel, and in the absence of such determination, by the Chairman of the Audit Committee), have given their written consent (in any manner whatsoever) not to convene
 a meeting to discuss such matter. Such resolution shall be adopted if approved by a majority of the Directors lawfully entitled to vote thereon (as determined as aforesaid). The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall sign the instrument
 evidencing any resolutions so adopted, including the decision to adopt said resolutions without a meeting.

33. 
 
 Delegation of Powers 

(a) The Board of Directors may, subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and these Articles, delegate any of its powers to committees, each consisting of two or
 more Persons (all of whose members must be Directors), and it may from time to time revoke such delegation or alter the composition of any such committee. Any Committee so formed (in these Articles referred to as a Committee of the Board of Directors ),
 shall, in the exercise of the powers so delegated, conform to any regulations imposed on it by the Board of Directors. The meetings and proceedings of any such Committee of the Board of Directors shall, mutatis
 mutandis , be governed by the provisions herein contained for regulating the meetings of the Board of Directors, so far as not superseded by the Companies Law or any regulations adopted by the Board of Directors under this Article.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Chairman of a Committee of the Board of Directors shall not have a casting vote. Unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board of Directors in delegating powers to a Committee of the Board of Directors, such
 Committee shall not be empowered to further delegate such powers.

(b) Without derogating from the provisions of Article 46, the Board of Directors may, subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, from time to time appoint a
 Secretary to the Company, as well as any officers of the Company, and may terminate the service of any such Person, and also may cause the Company to engage employees, agents and independent contractors and to terminate the service of any such
 Person, all as the Board of Directors may deem fit. Without derogating from the provisions of Article 46, the Board of Directors may, subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, determine the powers and duties, as well as the compensation
 terms of all such Persons, and may require security in such cases and in such amounts as it deems fit.

34. 
 
 Number of Directors 

(a) The Board of Directors shall include at least five (5) Directors and cannot be more than thirteen (13) Directors, including two External Directors.

(b) The requirements of the Companies Law applicable to an External Director shall prevail over the provisions of these Articles to the extent that these Articles are
 inconsistent with the Companies Law, and shall apply to the extent that these Articles are silent.

35. 
 
 Election and Removal of Directors 

(a) Other than External Directors, the directors will be elected in three staggered classes by the vote of a majority of the ordinary shares present and entitled to
 vote. The directors of only one class will be elected at each annual meeting for a three year term, so that the regular term of only one class of directors expires annually. The directors serving as of the date these Articles become effective
 will be classified as shall be determined by a resolution of the Board. At the Company s Annual General Meeting to be held in 2015, the term of the first class, consisting of three (3) directors will expire, and the directors elected at that
 meeting will be elected for a three-year term. At the Company s Annual General Meeting to be held in 2016, the term of the second class, consisting of three (3) directors, will expire and the directors elected at that meeting will be elected for
 a three-year term. At the Company s Annual General Meeting to be held in 2017, the term of the third class, consisting of three (3) directors, will expire and the director elected at that meeting will be elected for a three-year term. The
 External Directors will not be assigned a class.

13 

If the number of directors constituting the Board is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each
 class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case will a decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board shorten the term of any incumbent director.

The provisions of this Article 35(a) may not be amended without a resolution of the general meeting of the Company approved by shareholders holding 65 or more of the voting
 power of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company.

(b) Subject to subsection (a), each Director shall be elected by a Shareholders Resolution at the Annual General Meeting by the vote of the holders of a simple majority
 of the voting power represented at such meeting in person or by proxy and voting on such election. .

(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a), External Directors shall be elected in accordance with the Companies Law. An elected External Director shall
 commence his term from the date of, and shall serve for the period stated in, the resolution of the General Meeting at which he was elected, unless his office becomes vacant earlier in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Law.

(d) A Director may serve for multiple terms, provided, however, that the terms of an External Director shall be limited in accordance with applicable law.

(e) The General Meeting shall be entitled to remove any Director(s) from office by a Shareholder Resolution approved by Shareholders holding 65 or more of the voting
 power of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company, subject to applicable law. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to remove from office any Director(s) appointed by the Board of Directors.

36. 
 
 Qualification of Directors 

No Person shall be disqualified to serve as a Director by reason of his not holding shares in the Company.

37. 
 
 Vacancies in the Board of Directors 

(a) Subject to the provisions of Article 35(a), any vacancy in the Board of Directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the Board
 of Directors by resolution of the Board of Directors or from the number of Directors serving being less than the maximum permitted number, may be filled by resolution of the Board of Directors. A Director elected to fill a vacancy shall be elected
 to hold office until the Annual General Meeting at which the term for the other directors of his class expires, unless his office becomes vacant earlier in accordance with the provisions of these Articles.

(b) In the event of one or more vacancies in the Board of Directors, the continuing Directors may continue to act in every matter, provided, however, that if they number
 less than the minimum number set forth in Article 34(a) hereof, they may only act in an emergency (as determined in their absolute discretion), may appoint one or more Directors and call one or more General Meetings for any purpose.

38. 
 
 Vacation of Office 

(a) The office of a Director shall be vacated, ipso facto , upon his death, or if he be found mentally incapacitated, or upon
 the conviction of a crime enumerated in the Companies Law or as otherwise provided by applicable law.

(b) The office of a Director shall be vacated by his written resignation. Such resignation shall become effective on the date fixed therein, or upon the delivery
 thereof to the Company, whichever is later.

14 

39. 
 
 Remuneration of Directors 

No Director shall be paid any remuneration by the Company for his services as Director except as may be approved pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Law. Except as
 otherwise provided by applicable law, reimbursement of expenses incurred by a Director in carrying out his duties as such shall be made pursuant to the policy in this respect as determined by the Board of Directors and in effect from time to time.

40. 
 
 Conflict of Interests 

(a) Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may enter into any contract or otherwise transact any business with any Director in which contract or
 business such Director has a Personal Interest, directly or indirectly; and may enter into any contract of otherwise transact any business with any third party in which contract or business a Director has a Personal Interest, directly or
 indirectly.

(b) A Transaction (other than an Extraordinary Transaction) between the Company and an Office Holder or Controlling Person of the Company, or in which an Office Holder or Controlling Person
 of the Company has a Personal Interest, may be approved by:

(i)

the Audit Committee without any monetary limit; or

(ii)

the Board of Directors without any monetary limit; or

(iii)

the Company s authorized officer(s) or director(s) in accordance with the Company s signatory rights (provided that no such approval may be given by any signatory who has a Personal Interest in the
 transaction). Any such approval may relate to a specific Transaction or to a general category of Transactions.

41. 
 
 Alternate Directors 

(a) A Director may, subject to the consent of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors excluding such Director, appoint an individual as an alternate for
 himself Alternate Director ), remove such Alternate Director and appoint another Alternate Director in place of any Alternate Director appointed by him whose office
 has been vacated for any reason whatsoever. Unless the appointing Director, by the instrument appointing an Alternate Director or by written notice to the Company, limits such appointment to a specified period of time or restricts it to a specified
 meeting or action of the Board of Directors, or otherwise restricts its scope, the appointment shall be for an indefinite period and for all purposes.

(b) Any notice given to the Company pursuant to Article 41(a) shall become effective on the date fixed therein, or upon the delivery thereof to the Company, whichever is
 later.

(c) An Alternate Director shall have all the rights and obligations of the Director who appointed him, provided, however, that he may not in turn appoint an alternate
 for himself, and provided further that an Alternate Director shall have no standing at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof while the Director who appointed him is present at such meeting.

(d) An Alternate Director shall alone be responsible for his own acts and omissions, and he shall not be deemed the agent of the Director who appointed him.

(e) The office of an Alternate Director shall be vacated under the circumstances, mutatis mutandis , set forth in Article 38,
 and such office shall ipso facto be vacated if the Director who appointed such Alternate Director ceases to be a Director.

(f) Notwithstanding Article 41(a), (i) no Person shall be appointed as the Alternate Director for more than one Director and (ii) except as otherwise specifically
 permitted by the Companies Law, (A) no External Director may appoint an Alternate Director and (B) no Director may serve as an Alternate Director.

15 

PROCEEDINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

42. 
 
 Meetings 

(a) The Board of Directors may meet and adjourn its meetings according to the Company s needs but at least once in every three (3) months, and otherwise regulate such
 meetings and proceedings as the Directors think fit. Notice of the meetings of the Board of Directors shall be sent to each Director at the last address that the Director provided to the Company, or via telephone, facsimile or e-mail message, to
 the last telephone number, fax number or e-mail address, as applicable, that the Director provided to the Company.

(b) Any two (2) Directors may, at any time, convene a meeting of the Board of Directors, but not less than seventy-two (72) hours notice shall be given of any meeting
 so convened, provided that the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors may convene a meeting of the Board of Directors upon not less than twenty-four (24) hours written notice, and further provided, that
 the Board of Directors may convene a meeting without such prior notice with the consent of all of the Directors who are lawfully entitled to participate in and vote at such meeting (as conclusively determined by the Secretary or General Counsel,
 and in the absence of such determination, by the Chairman of the Audit Committee). The notice of a meeting of the Board of Directors shall describe the agenda for such meeting in reasonable detail, as determined by those convening such meeting.
 The failure to give notice to a Director in the manner required hereby may be waived by such Director. In urgent situations, a meeting of the Board of Directors can be convened without any prior notice with the consent of a majority of the
 Directors, including a majority of those who are lawfully entitled to participate in and vote at such meeting (as conclusively determined by the Secretary or General Counsel, and in the absence of such determination, by the Chairman of the Audit
 Committee).

43. 
 
 Quorum 

Unless otherwise unanimously decided by the Board of Directors, a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors shall be constituted by the presence in person or by any other
 means of communication by which the Directors may hear each other simultaneously, of at least a majority of the Directors then in office who are lawfully entitled to participate in the meeting and vote thereon (as conclusively determined by the
 Secretary or General Counsel, and in the absence of such determination, by the Chairman of the Audit Committee). No business shall be transacted at a meeting of the Board of Directors unless the requisite quorum is present as aforesaid.

44. 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(a) The Board of Directors may from time to time elect one of its members to be the Chairman of the Board of Directors, remove such Chairman from office and appoint
 another in his place.

(b) The Chairman, if any, of the Board of Directors shall preside at every meeting of the Board of Directors, but if there is no such Chairman, or if at any meeting he
 is not present within fifteen (15) minutes after the time fixed for the meeting, or is unwilling to act as Chairman or has notified the Company that he will not attend such meeting, the Directors present shall choose one of their number to be the
 Chairman of such meeting. The office of Chairman shall not, by itself, entitle the holder thereof to vote at any meeting of the Board of Directors nor shall it entitle such holder to a second or casting vote (without derogating, however, from the
 rights of such Chairman to vote as a Director of the Company).

45. 
 
 Validity of Acts Despite Defects 

Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, all acts done bona fide at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of a Committee of the Board of Directors, or by any Person(s)
 acting as Director(s), shall, notwithstanding that it may afterwards be discovered that there was some defect in the process or in the appointment of the participants in such meetings or any of them or any Person(s) acting as aforesaid, or that
 they or any of them were disqualified, be as valid as if there were no such defect or disqualification.

16 

GENERAL MANAGER

46. 
 
 General Manager 

(a) The Board of Directors may from time to time appoint one or more Persons, whether or not Directors, as general managers (the General
 Manager(s) of the Company and may confer upon such Person(s), and from time to time modify or revoke, such title(s) (including Managing Director, President, Chief Executive Officer, Director General or any similar or dissimilar title)
 and such duties and authorities of the Board of Directors as the Board of Directors may deem fit, subject to such limitations and restrictions as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. Such appointment(s) may be either for a fixed
 term or without any limitation of time, and the Board of Directors may from time to time (subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and of any contract between any such Person and the Company) fix his or their compensation terms, remove or
 dismiss him or them from office, or assume his or their authorities with respect to a specific matter or period of time.

(b) The General Manager shall have the authority, in his discretion, to appoint any Person to become an Office Holder (other than a Director) and fix his remuneration. 
 The General Manager shall have the authority, in his discretion, to promote or demote, or to increase or decrease any remuneration of, any other Office Holder (other than a Director) who reports directly or indirectly to the General Manager,
 provided that such matter is not considered an Extraordinary Transaction. Nothing in this Article 46(b) shall derogate from the authority of the Board of Directors.

MINUTES

47. 
 
 Minutes 

(a) Minutes of each General Meeting and of each meeting of the Board of Directors and any Committees thereof shall be recorded and duly entered in books provided for
 that purpose. Such minutes shall, in all events, set forth the names of the persons present at the meeting and all resolutions adopted thereat.

(b) Any minutes as aforesaid, if purporting to be signed by the Chairman of the meeting, shall constitute prima facie evidence
 of the matters recorded therein.

DIVIDENDS

48. 
 
 Declaration and Payment of Dividends 

(a) Subject to the Companies Law, the Board of Directors may from time to time declare, and cause the Company to pay, such dividend as may appear to the Board of
 Directors to be appropriate. Subject to the Companies Law, the Board of Directors shall determine the time for payment of such dividends, and the record date for determining the shareholders entitled thereto.

(b) The Company s obligation to pay dividends or any other amount in respect of shares may be set-off by the Company against any indebtedness, however arising,
 liquidated or non-liquidated, of the Person entitled to receive the dividend. The provisions contained in this Article shall not prejudice any other right or remedy vested with the Company pursuant to these Articles or otherwise.

49. 
 
 Amount Payable by Way of Dividends 

Subject to the rights of the holders of shares with special rights as to dividends, any dividend paid by the Company shall be allocated among the shareholders entitled thereto in
 proportion to their respective holdings of the shares in respect of which such dividend is being paid.

50. 

Interest 

No dividend shall carry interest as against the Company.

17 

51. 
 
 Form of Dividend 

Upon the declaration of the Board of Directors, a dividend may be paid, wholly or partly, by the distribution of cash or specific assets of the Company or by distribution of
 securities of the Company or of any other companies, or in any one or more of such ways.

52. 
 
 Retention of Dividends 

The Board of Directors may retain any dividend or other moneys payable or property distributable in respect of a share in respect of which any Person is, under Articles 17 or 18,
 entitled to become a shareholder, or which any Person is, under said Articles, entitled to transfer, until such Person shall become a shareholder in respect of such share or shall transfer the same.

53. 
 
 Unclaimed Dividends 

All unclaimed dividends or other moneys payable in respect of a share may be invested or otherwise made use of by and for the benefit of the Company until claimed. The payment
 by the Company of any unclaimed dividend or such other moneys into a separate account shall not constitute the Company a trustee in respect thereof, and any dividend unclaimed after a period of seven (7) years from the date of declaration of such
 dividend, and any such other moneys unclaimed after a like period from the date the same were payable, shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company, provided, however, that the Board of Directors may, at its discretion, cause the Company to
 pay any such dividend or such other moneys, or any part thereof, to a Person who would have been entitled thereto had the same not reverted to the Company.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

54. 
 
 Financial Statements 

The Board of Directors shall cause accurate books of account to be kept in accordance with the provisions of applicable law. Such books of account shall be kept at the
 Registered Office of the Company, or at such other place or places as the Board of Directors may think fit, and they shall always be open to inspection by all Directors. No shareholder, not being a Director, shall have any right to inspect any
 account or book or other similar document of the Company, except as conferred by law or authorized by the Board of Directors or by a Shareholders Resolution. The Company shall not be required to send copies of its financial statements to the
 shareholders.

AUDITORS

55. 
 
 Outside Auditor 

The outside auditor of the Company shall be recommended by the Audit Committee and elected by Shareholder Resolution at each Annual General Meeting and shall serve until the next
 Annual General Meeting or its earlier removal or replacement by Shareholder Resolution. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix, in its discretion, the remuneration of the auditor for audit and any other services, or to delegate such
 authority to the Audit Committee.

56. 
 
 Internal Auditor 

The internal auditor of the Company shall be subject to the administrative supervision of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and shall present all its proposed work plans to
 the Audit Committee, which shall have the authority to approve them subject to any modifications in its discretion.

18 

EXEMPTION, INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY

57.

Exemption, Insurance and Indemnity 

(a) 
 
 Insurance of Office Holders :

i. 
 
 The Company may insure the liability of any Office Holder therein to the fullest extent permitted by law.

ii. 
 
 Without derogating from the aforesaid the Company may enter into a contract to insure the liability of an Office Holder therein for an obligation imposed on him in consequence of an act done in his capacity as an Office Holder therein,
 in any of the following cases:

1. 
 
 A breach of the duty of care vis- -vis the Company or vis- -vis another Person;

2. 
 
 A breach of the duty of loyalty vis- -vis the Company, provided that the Office Holder acted in good faith and had reasonable basis to believe that the act would not harm the Company;

3. 
 
 A monetary obligation imposed on him in favor of another Person;

4. 
 
 Reasonable litigation expenses, including attorney fees, incurred by the Office Holder as a result of an administrative enforcement proceeding instituted against him. Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, such expenses
 will include a payment imposed on the Office Holder in favor of an injured party as set forth in Section 52(54)(a)(1)(a) of the Israeli Securities Law, 1968, as amended (the Securities Law and expenses that the Office Holder incurred in
 connection with a proceeding under Chapters H 3, H 4 or I 1 of the Securities Law, including reasonable legal expenses, which term includes attorney fees; or

5. 
 
 Any other matter in respect of which it is permitted or will be permitted under applicable law to insure the liability of an Office Holder in the Company.

(b) 
 
 Indemnity of Office Holders :

i. 
 
 The Company may indemnify an Office Holder therein, retroactively or pursuant to an advance undertaking, to the fullest extent permitted by law. Without derogating from the aforesaid the Company may indemnify an Office Holder in the
 Company for liability or expense imposed on him in consequence of an action made by him in the capacity of his position as an Office Holder in the Company, as follows:

1. 
 
 Any financial liability he incurs or imposed on him in favor of another Person in accordance with a judgment, including a judgment given in a settlement or a judgment of an arbitrator, approved by a court.

2. 
 
 Reasonable litigation expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the Office Holder or which he was ordered to pay by a court, within the framework of proceedings filed against him by or on behalf of the Company, or by a third party, or
 in a criminal proceeding in which he was acquitted, or in a criminal proceeding in which he was convicted of a criminal offense which does not require proof of criminal intent.

19 

3. 
 
 Reasonable litigation expenses, including legal fees he incurs due to an investigation or proceeding conducted against him by an authority authorized to conduct such an investigation or proceeding, and which was ended without filing an
 indictment against him and without being subject to a financial obligation as a substitute for a criminal proceeding, or that was ended without filing an indictment against him, but with the imposition of a financial obligation, as a
 substitute for a criminal proceeding relating to an offence which does not require proof of criminal intent, within the meaning of the relevant terms in the Companies Law, or in connection with an administrative enforcement proceeding or a
 financial sanction. Without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, such expenses will include a payment imposed on the Office Holder in favor of an injured party as set forth in Section 52(54)(a)(1)(a) of the Securities Law, and
 expenses that the Office Holder incurred in connection with a proceeding under Chapters H 3, H 4 or I 1 of the Securities Law, including reasonable legal expenses, which term includes attorney fees.

ii. 
 
 Advance Indemnity The Company may indemnify an Office Holder therein, except as provided by applicable law. The Company may give an advance undertaking to indemnify an Office Holder therein in respect of the following matters:

1. 
 
 Matters as detailed in Article 57(b)(i)(1), provided, however, that the undertaking is restricted to events, which in the opinion of the Board of Directors, are foreseeable in light of the Company s actual activity at the time of
 granting the obligation to indemnify and is limited to a sum or measurement determined by the Board of Directors as reasonable under the circumstances. The indemnification undertaking shall specify the events that, in the opinion of the
 Board of Directors are foreseeable in light of the Company s actual activity at the time of grant of the indemnification and the sum or measurement, which the Board of Directors determined to be reasonable under the circumstances;

2. 
 
 Matters as detailed in Article 57(b)(i)(2) and 57(b)(i)(3); and

3. 
 
 Any matter permitted by applicable law.

(c) 
 
 Exemption of Office Holders . The Company may exempt an Office Holder therein in advance and retroactively for all or any of his liability for damage in consequence of a breach of the duty of care vis- -vis the Company, to the
 fullest extent permitted by law.

(d) 
 
 Insurance, Exemption and Indemnity General .

i. 
 
 The provisions of this Article 57 with regard to insurance, exemption and indemnity are not and shall not limit the Company in any way with regard to its entering into an insurance contract and/or with regard to the grant of indemnity
 and/or exemption in connection with a person who is not an Office Holder of the Company, including employees, contractors or consultants of the Company, all subject to any applicable law.

ii. 
 
 Articles 57(a) through 57(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of the grant of insurance, exemption and/or indemnification for Persons serving on behalf of the Company as Office Holders in companies controlled by the Company, or in
 which the Company has an interest.

iii. 
 
 An undertaking to insure, exempt and indemnify an Office Holder in the Company as set forth above shall remain in full force and effect even following the termination of such Office Holder s service with the Company.

iv. 
 
 Any amendment to the Companies Law, the Securities Law or any other applicable law adversely affecting the right of any Office Holder to be indemnified or insured pursuant to this Article 57 shall be prospective in effect, and shall not
 affect the Company s obligation or ability to indemnify or insure an Office Holder for any act or omission occurring prior to such amendment, unless otherwise provided by the Companies Law, the Securities Law or such other applicable law.

20 

NOTICES

58. 
 
 Notices 

(a) Any written notice or other document may be served by the Company upon any shareholder either personally, or by facsimile transmission, or by sending it by prepaid
 mail (airmail or overnight air courier, if being sent from any country to a destination outside such country) or electronic mail addressed to such shareholder at his address as set forth in the Register of Shareholders or such other address as he
 may have designated in writing for the receipt of notices and other documents. Any written notice or other document may be served by any shareholder upon the Company by tendering the same in person to the Secretary or the General Manager of the
 Company at the principal office of the Company, or by facsimile transmission, or by sending it by prepaid registered mail (airmail or overnight air courier if being sent from any country outside Israel) to the Company at its registered office. Any
 such notice or other document shall be deemed to have been served (i) in the case of mailing, three (3) days after it has been posted, or when actually received by the addressee if sooner than three (3) days, after it has been posted; (ii) in the
 case of overnight air courier, on the second business day following the day sent; (iii) in the case of personal delivery, on the date such notice was actually tendered in person to such shareholder (or to the Secretary or the General Manager); (iv)
 in the case of facsimile transmission, on the date on which the sender receives automatic electronic confirmation that such notice was successfully transmitted; or (v) in the case of electronic mail, on the date on which the sender receives
 telephonic or written confirmation that such notice was received. If a notice is, in fact, received by the addressee, it shall be deemed to have been duly served, when received, notwithstanding that it was defectively addressed or failed, in some
 respect, to comply with the provisions of this Article 58(a).

(b) All notices to be given to the shareholders shall, with respect to any share to which Persons are jointly entitled, be given to whichever of such Persons is named
 first in the Register of Shareholders, and any notice so given shall be sufficient notice to the holders of such share.

(c) Any shareholder whose address is not specified in the Register of Shareholders, and who shall not have designated in writing an address for the receipt of notices,
 shall not be entitled to receive any notice from the Company.

RIGHTS OF SIGNATURE

59. 
 
 Rights of Signature 

The Board of Directors shall be entitled to authorize any Person or Persons (who need not be officers or Directors) to act and sign on behalf of the Company, and the acts and signature of such
 Person(s) on behalf of the Company with the Company s stamp or printed name shall bind the Company insofar as such Person(s) acted and signed within the scope of his or their authority.

WINDING UP

60.

Winding Up 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Articles, a Shareholders Resolution approved by 75 of the voting shares represented at such meeting in person or
 by proxy is required to approve the voluntary winding up of the Company.

(b) If the Company be wound up, liquidated or dissolved, then, subject to applicable law and to the rights of the holders of shares with special rights upon winding up,
 if any, the assets of the Company legally available for distribution among the shareholders, after payment of all debts and other liabilities of the Company, shall be distributed to the shareholders in proportion to the nominal value of their
 respective holdings of the shares in respect of which such distribution is being made, provided, however, that if a class of shares has no nominal value, then the assets of the Company legally available for distribution among the holders of such
 class shall be distributed to them in proportion of their respective holdings of the shares in respect of which such distribution is made.

21 

JURISDICTION

61.

Jurisdiction 

(a) Unless the consent of the Company in writing has been received to the election of an alternative forum, and with the exception of all matters concerning a claimant
 or class of claimants having the right to file an action in the courts in Israel, in relation to causes of action by virtue of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended), the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the
 exclusive forum for resolving any action the causes of which result from the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended).

(b) Unless the consent of the Company in writing has been received to the election of an alternative forum, the Tel-Aviv District Court will constitute the exclusive
 forum for: (a) a derivative action or derivative proceeding that is filed in the name of the Company; (b) any action grounded in a breach of fiduciary duty of a director, officeholder or other employee of the Company towards the Company or towards
 the shareholders of the Company; or (c) any action the cause of which results from any provision of the Companies Law or the Securities Law. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring, or holding, any interest in the shares of the
 Company will be deemed to be parties to whom notice has been given of the provisions of these clauses and as parties who have given their consent to the provisions of these clauses.

Effective September 10, 2024

22 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit_31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Larry Jasinski, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lifeward Ltd. (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
 designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
 being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
 our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
 during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
 financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Larry Jasinski

Larry Jasinski

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Lifeward Ltd.

Date: November 12, 2024

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit_31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Michael Lawless, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lifeward Ltd. (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
 designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
 prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
 to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report
 our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
 during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
 financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Michael Lawless

Michael Lawless

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

Lifeward Ltd.

Date: November 12, 2024

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit_32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lifeward Ltd. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Larry Jasinski, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 and

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

/s/ Larry Jasinski

Larry Jasinski

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Lifeward Ltd.

Date: November 12, 2024

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
 and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit_32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lifeward Ltd. (the Company the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Lawless, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 and

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
 operations of the Company.

/s/ Michael Lawless

Michael Lawless

Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial Officer)

Lifeward Ltd.

Date: November 12, 2024

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
 and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lfwd-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lfwd-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lfwd-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lfwd-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

