<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1374310_0001628280-24-044657.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18033946</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>326480</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4197997</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7044986</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3181565</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2905041</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-044657.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101081519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-044657
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cboe Global Markets, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001374310
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY & COMMODITY BROKERS, DEALERS, EXCHANGES & SERVICES [6200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				205446972
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34774
		FILM NUMBER:		241417134

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 WEST VAN BUREN STREET
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312 786 7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 WEST VAN BUREN STREET
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBOE Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060831

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-044657.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 cboe-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cboe-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 
 , , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 x Accelerated Filer o Non-accelerated Filer o Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 Class October 25, 2024 
 shares 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 8 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 13 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 14 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 81 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 86 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 87 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 87 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 87 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 87 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 88 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 88 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 88 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 89 
 SIGNATURES 
 90 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
 Throughout this document, unless otherwise specified or the context so requires: 
 Cboe, we, us, our or the Company refers to Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 ADV means average daily volume. 
 ADNV means average daily notional value. 
 AFM refers to the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets. 
 ATS refers to an alternative trading system. 
 Bats Global Markets and Bats refer to our wholly-owned subsidiary Bats Global Markets, Inc., now known as Cboe Bats, LLC, and its subsidiaries. 
 BIDS Trading refers to BIDS Trading, L.P., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. The ATS operated by BIDS Trading is not a registered national securities exchange or a facility thereof. 
 BYX refers to Cboe BYX Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 BZX refers to Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 C2 refers to Cboe C2 Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Asia Pacific refers to Cboe Asia Pacific Holdings Limited (formerly known as Chi-X Asia Pacific Holdings Limited), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Australia refers to Cboe Australia Pty Ltd. (formerly known as Chi-X Australia Pty. Ltd.), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Canada refers to the former Aequitas Innovations, Inc. and Neo Exchange Inc. (commonly referred to as NEO Exchange ), which were wholly-owned subsidiaries of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Canada Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and a recognized Canadian securities exchange. As of January 1, 2024, the Cboe Canada and MATCHNow entities have been amalgamated into Cboe Canada Inc. 
 Cboe Chi-X Europe refers to Cboe Chi-X Europe Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Clear Digital refers to Cboe Clear Digital, LLC (formerly known as Eris Clearing, LLC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Clear Europe refers to Cboe Clear Europe N.V. (formerly known as European Central Counterparty N.V., formerly defined as EuroCCP ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Digital refers to Cboe Digital Intermediate Holdings, LLC (formerly known as Eris Digital Holdings, LLC) and its subsidiaries. Prior to rebranding under the Cboe Digital name, Eris Digital Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries operated under the ErisX name. 
 Cboe Digital Exchange refers to Cboe Digital Exchange, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives refers to the combined businesses of Cboe Europe and Cboe NL. 
 Cboe Europe refers to Cboe Europe Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., the UK operator of our Multilateral Trading Facility MTF ), our Regulated Market RM ), and our Approved Publication Arrangement APA under its Recognized Investment Exchange RIE status. 
 Cboe Fixed Income refers to Cboe Fixed Income Markets, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe FX refers to Cboe FX Markets, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Japan refers to Cboe Japan Ltd. (formerly known as Chi-X Japan Ltd.), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe NL refers to Cboe Europe BV, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., the Netherlands operator of our MTF, RM, and APA. 
 Cboe Options refers to Cboe Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe SEF refers to Cboe SEF, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 Cboe Trading refers to Cboe Trading, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 CFE refers to Cboe Futures Exchange, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 CFTC refers to the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 CSD Br refers to CSD Central de Servi os de Registro e Dep sito aos Mercados Financeiro e de Capitais S.A., a Brazilian trade repository. 
 CIRO refers to the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization. 
 EDGA refers to Cboe EDGA Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 EDGX refers to Cboe EDGX Exchange, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 ESMA refers to the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
 Exchanges refers to Cboe Options, C2, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 FASB refers to the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FCA refers to the UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
 FINRA refers to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 
 GAAP refers to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States. 
 MATCHNow refers to the former TriAct Canada Marketplace LP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., which was the operator of a Canadian ATS (known as MATCHNow ). 
 Merger refers to our acquisition of Bats Global Markets, completed on February 28, 2017. 
 OCC refers to The Options Clearing Corporation. 
 OPRA refers to Options Price Reporting Authority, LLC. 
 SEC refers to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 SPX refers to our S P 500 Index exchange-traded options products. 
 TPH refers to either a Trading Permit Holder or a Trading Privilege Holder. 
 VIX futures or VIX options refers, as applicable, to our Cboe Volatility Index exchange-traded options and futures products. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 TRADEMARK AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 Cboe , Cboe Global Markets , Cboe Volatility Index , Cboe Clear , Cboe Datashop , Cboe Futures Exchange , Cboe Digital , Cboe Hanweck , Cboe LIS , Bats , BIDS Trading , BYX , BZX , CFE , EDGA , EDGX , Hybrid , LiveVol , MATCHNow , NANO , Options Institute , Silexx , The Exchange for the World Stage , VIX , VIX1D , and XSP are registered trademarks, and Cboe BIDS Europe SM , C2 SM , f(t)options SM , and Trade Alert SM are service marks of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Standard Poor's , S P , S P 100 , S P 500 and SPX are registered trademarks and DSPX SM is a service mark of Standard Poor's Financial Services LLC and have been licensed for use by Cboe Exchange, Inc. Dow Jones , Dow Jones Industrial Average , DJIA and Dow Jones Indices are registered trademarks or service marks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings, LLC, used under license. Russell and the Russell index names are registered trademarks of Frank Russell Company, used under license. FTSE and the FTSE indices are trademarks and service marks of FTSE International Limited, used under license. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners. 
 MSCI and the MSCI index names are service marks of MSCI Inc. MSCI or its affiliates and have been licensed for use by us. Any derivative indices and any financial products based on the derivative indices MCSI-Based Products are not sponsored, guaranteed or endorsed by MSCI, its affiliates or any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling such MSCI index. Neither MSCI, its affiliates nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling any MSCI index makes any representations regarding the advisability of investing in such MSCI-Based Products; makes any warranty, express or implied; or bears any liability as to the results to be obtained by any person or any entity from the use of any such MSCI index or any data included therein. No purchaser, seller or holder of any MSCI-Based Product, or any other person or entity, should use or refer to any MSCI trade name, trademark or service mark to sponsor, endorse, market or promote any security without first contacting MSCI to determine whether MSCI s permission is required. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes market share and industry data that we obtained from industry publications and surveys, reports of governmental agencies and internal company surveys. Industry publications and surveys generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we cannot assure you that this information is accurate or complete. We have not independently verified any of the data from third-party sources nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein. Statements as to our market position are based on the most currently available market data. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding industry data presented herein, our estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors. Please refer to the Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other filings with the SEC. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, might, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. All statements that reflect our expectations, assumptions or projections about the future other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, including statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In particular, you should consider the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report and other filings with the SEC. 
 While we believe we have identified material risks, these risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: 
 the loss of our right to exclusively list and trade certain index options and futures products; 
 economic, political and market conditions; 
 compliance with legal and regulatory obligations; 
 price competition and consolidation in our industry; 
 decreases in trading or clearing volumes, market data fees or a shift in the mix of products traded on our exchanges; 
 legislative or regulatory changes or changes in tax regimes; 
 our ability to protect our systems and communication networks from security vulnerabilities and breaches; 
 our ability to attract and retain skilled management and other personnel; 
 increasing competition by foreign and domestic entities; 
 our dependence on and exposure to risk from third parties; 
 global expansion of operations; 
 factors that impact the quality and integrity of our and other applicable indices; 
 our ability to manage our growth and strategic acquisitions or alliances effectively; 
 our ability to operate our business without violating the intellectual property rights of others and the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to minimize the risks, including our credit, counterparty, investment, and default risks, associated with operating a European clearinghouse; 
 our ability to accommodate trading and clearing volume and transaction traffic, including significant increases, without failure or degradation of performance of our systems; 
 misconduct by those who use our markets or our products or for whom we clear transactions; 
 challenges to our use of open source software code; 
 our ability to meet our compliance obligations, including managing potential conflicts between our regulatory responsibilities and our for-profit status; 
 our ability to maintain BIDS Trading as an independently managed and operated trading venue, separate from and not integrated with our registered national securities exchanges; 
 damage to our reputation; 
 the ability of our compliance and risk management methods to effectively monitor and manage our risks; 
 restrictions imposed by our debt obligations and our ability to make payments on or refinance our debt obligations; 
 our ability to maintain an investment grade credit rating; 
 impairment of our goodwill, long-lived assets, investments or intangible assets; 
 the impacts of pandemics; 
 the accuracy of our estimates and expectations; 
 litigation risks and other liabilities; and 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 risks relating to digital assets, including winding down the Cboe Digital spot market and transitioning digital asset futures contracts to CFE, operating a digital asset futures clearinghouse, cybercrime, changes in digital asset regulation, and fluctuations in digital asset prices. 
 For a detailed discussion of these and other factors that might affect our performance, see Part II, Item 1A of this Report. We do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any duty to update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We caution you not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this filing. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (unaudited) 
 (in millions, except par value data and share amounts 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Financial investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds Digital assets - safeguarded assets Income taxes receivable Other current assets Total current assets Investments Property and equipment, net Property held for sale Operating lease right of use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Section 31 fees payable Deferred revenue Margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities Income taxes payable Current portion of contingent consideration liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Non-current unrecognized tax benefits Deferred income taxes Non-current operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value: shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value: shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively at September 30, 2024 and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively at December 31, 2023 
 Common stock in treasury, at cost, shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements . 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (unaudited) 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Cash and spot markets Data and access solutions Derivatives markets Total revenues Cost of revenues: Liquidity payments Routing and clearing Section 31 fees Royalty fees and other cost of revenues Total cost of revenues Revenues less cost of revenues Operating expenses: Compensation and benefits Depreciation and amortization Technology support services Professional fees and outside services Travel and promotional expenses Facilities costs Acquisition-related costs Impairment of intangible assets Other expenses Total operating expenses Operating income Non-operating (expenses) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Earnings on investments Other income (expense), net ) Income before income tax provision Income tax provision Net income Net income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (unaudited) 
 (in millions) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale financial investments ) ) Realized gains on available-for-sale financial investments ) ) Post-retirement benefit obligations ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income allocated to common stockholders, net of income tax 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net Total stockholders equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (continued) 
 Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 (unaudited) 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net Total stockholders equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Cash dividends on common stock of per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements . 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (unaudited) 
 (in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance cost and debt discount Loss on settlement of contingent consideration Unrealized gain on available-for-sale financial investments ) Realized gain on available-for-sale financial investments 
 ) Provision for accounts receivable credit losses Benefit for deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Impairment of intangible assets Impairment of investment Impairment of property and equipment (Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 ) Gain from Cboe Digital non-recourse notes and warrants wind down ) Gain on sale of property held for sale ) Gain on lease termination ) Pyth tokens revenue ) Equity earnings on investments ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Restricted cash and cash equivalents and customer bank deposits (included in margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds) Income taxes receivable ) Other current assets ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Section 31 fees payable ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Income taxes payable ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of available-for-sale financial investments ) ) Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale financial investments Proceeds from sale of intangible assets Proceeds from sale of property held for sale Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Proceeds from insurance Contributions to investments ) ) Purchases of property and equipment and leasehold improvements ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows used in financing activities: Principal payments of current portion of long-term debt ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans ) ) Payments of contingent consideration related to acquisitions ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan ) Payments for Cboe Digital non-recourse notes and warrants wind down ) Purchase of common stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents Increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period End of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds) Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in cash and cash equivalents) 
 Customer bank deposits (included in margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds) Total Supplemental disclosure of cash transactions: Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: Note receivable from sale of property held for sale Additions of intangible assets Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: Cboe Digital non-recourse notes and warrants asset Cboe Digital non-recourse notes and warrants liability ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements . 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Cboe Global Markets, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 reportable business segments: Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, Global FX, and Digital, which is reflective of how the Company's Chief Operating Decision-Maker ("CODM") reviews and operates the business. See Note 14 Segment Reporting for more information. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 segments. 
 Derivatives markets includes associated transaction and clearing fees, the portion of market data fees relating to associated U.S. tape plan market data fees, associated regulatory fees, and associated other revenue from Cboe s Options, Futures, Europe and Asia Pacific, and Digital segments. 
 The Company s main types of revenue contracts consist of the following, which are disaggregated from the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Transaction and clearing fees Transaction fees represent fees charged by the Company for meeting the point-in-time performance obligation of executing a trade on its markets. These fees can be variable based on trade volume tiered discounts; however, as all tiered discounts are calculated monthly, the actual discount is recorded on a monthly basis. Transaction fees are recognized across all segments. Clearing fees, which include settlement fees, represent fees charged by the Company for meeting the point-in-time performance obligation for transactions cleared and settled by Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear Digital, the derivatives clearing organization for Cboe Digital. Clearing fees can be variable based on trade volume tiered discounts; however, as all tiered discounts are calculated monthly, the actual discount is recorded on a monthly basis. Clearing fees are recognized in the Europe and Asia Pacific and Digital segments. Transaction and clearing fees, as well as any tiered volume discounts, are calculated and billed monthly in accordance with the Company s published fee schedules. 
 Access and capacity fees Access and capacity fees represent fees assessed for the opportunity to trade, including fees for trading-related functionality across all segments, terminal and other equipment rights, maintenance services, trading floor space and telecommunications services. Facilities, systems services and other fees are generally monthly fee-based. These fees are billed monthly in accordance with the Company s published fee schedules and recognized on a monthly basis when the performance obligations are met. All access and capacity fees associated with the trading floor are recognized over time in the Options segment, as the performance obligations are met. 
 Market data fees Market data fees represent the fees received by the Company from the U.S. tape plans and fees charged to customers for proprietary market data. Fees from the U.S. tape plans are collected monthly based on published fee schedules and distributed quarterly to the Exchanges based on a known formula. A contract for proprietary market data is entered into and charged on a monthly basis in accordance with the Company s published fee schedules as the service is provided. Proprietary market data also includes revenue from various licensing agreements. Both types of market data are satisfied over time, and revenue is recognized on a monthly basis as the customer receives and consumes the benefit as the Company provides the data to meet its performance obligation. U.S. tape plan market data is recognized in the North American Equities and Options segments. Proprietary market data fees are recognized across all segments. 
 Regulatory fees There are types of regulatory fees that the Company recognizes. The first type represents fees collected by the Company to cover the Section 31 fees charged to the Exchanges by the SEC for meeting the point-in-time performance obligation of executing a trade on its markets. The fees charged to customers are based on the fee set by the SEC per notional value of U.S. Equities exchange transactions and Options transactions executed on the Company s U.S. securities markets. These fees are calculated and billed monthly and are recognized in the North American Equities and Options segments. As the Exchanges are responsible for the ultimate payment to the SEC, the Exchanges are considered the principal in these transactions. Regulatory fees also include the options regulatory fee ORF which supports the Company s regulatory oversight function in the Options segment, along with other miscellaneous regulatory fees, and neither can be used for non-regulatory purposes. The ORF and miscellaneous fees are recognized when the performance obligation is fulfilled. 
 Other revenue Other revenue primarily includes interest income on investments (including from investments of interoperability fund deposits) from clearing operations, all fees related to the trade reporting facility operated in the Europe and Asia Pacific segment, listing fees, and revenue associated with advertisements through the Company s websites. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue 
 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Transaction and clearing fees Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue 
 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Transaction and clearing fees Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue 
 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Transaction and clearing fees Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue Timing of revenue recognition Services transferred at a point in time Services transferred over time Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Transaction and clearing fees ) Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue ) Timing of revenue recognition Services transferred at a point in time ) Services transferred over time ) 
 Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Futures Global FX Digital Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Transaction and clearing fees ) Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue ) Timing of revenue recognition Services transferred at a point in time ) Services transferred over time ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Transaction and clearing fees ) Access and capacity fees Market data fees Regulatory fees Other revenue ) Timing of revenue recognition Services transferred at a point in time ) Services transferred over time ) 
 18 

Table of Contents 

) Other, net (2) ) Total deferred revenue ) 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Liquidity providers are eligible to participate in the sliding scale program, which involves prepayment of transaction fees, and to receive reduced fees based on the achievement of certain volume thresholds within a calendar month. These transaction fees are amortized and recorded ratably as the transactions occur over the period. 
 (2) Other, net deferred revenue represents cash received for unsatisfied performance obligations of liability classified contract liabilities that have yet to be recognized as revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of income, which include but are not limited to: licensing fees, listing fees, adjustments related to ORF, membership fees, and data subscription fees. 
 
 3. 
 thousand and million of acquisition-related costs during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily related to professional fees and other expenses. These acquisition-related expenses are included in acquisition-related costs in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 million and million of acquisition-related costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, all of which related to compensation, professional fees, and other expenses. These acquisition-related expenses are included in acquisition-related costs in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 
 4. 
 Total equity method investments Other equity investments: Investment in Eris Innovations Holdings, LLC Investment in Globacap Technology Limited Investment in CSD Br Investment in Coin Metrics Inc. Investment in Cboe Vest Financial Group, Inc. Investment in OCC Other equity investments Total other equity investments Total investments 
 Equity Method Investments 
 The Company s investment in 7Ridge Investments 3 LP 7Ridge Fund ), represents a nonconsolidated variable interest entity VIE ). The Company has determined that consolidation of the VIE is not required as the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the 7Ridge Fund, as it does not have controlling financial interest and lacks the ability to unilaterally remove the general partner, 7Ridge Investments 3 GP Limited, direct material strategic decisions, or dissolve the entity (i.e., the Company does not have unilateral substantive kick-out or liquidation rights). 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million, which includes periodic capital contributions to the 7Ridge Fund, as well as the Company s share of 7Ridge Fund s profit or loss, including gains or losses arising from the fair value measurement of the investment held by the 7Ridge Fund, booked against the investment account. The carrying value of the investment is included in investments within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company s maximum loss exposure, in the unlikely event that all of the VIE s assets become worthless, is limited to the carrying value of Company s investment. 
 The Company holds an exit option to acquire Trading Technologies International Inc. Trading Technologies ), which is wholly-owned by the 7Ridge Fund, that becomes exercisable on the earlier of (i) December 21, 2026 or (ii) the satisfaction by the general partner of the 7Ridge Fund of certain performance goals set forth in the investment agreements. The exit option can be exercised individually or jointly by the limited partners of 7Ridge Fund. If the exit option is not exercised by the limited partners, the general partner of the 7Ridge Fund may market Trading Technologies for sale to a third party. If Trading Technologies is sold to a third party, the general partner of the 7Ridge Fund would be entitled to receive a variable portion of the sales proceeds determined based upon the satisfaction of certain contractual performance goals. As of September 30, 2024 the exit option was not exercisable. 
 Other Equity Investments 
 The carrying value of other equity investments is included in investments in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company accounts for these investments using the measurement alternative given the absence of readily determinable fair values for the respective investments and due to the Company s inability to exercise significant influence over the investments based upon the respective ownership interests held. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million on its minority investment in Globacap Technology Limited based on management s assessment of the fair value of the investment. The impairment was recorded in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million on its minority investment in StratiFi Technologies Inc. based on management s assessment of the fair value of the investment. The impairment was recorded in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 
 5. 
 Furniture and equipment Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense using the straight-line method was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The sale of the Company s former headquarters, including the associated land, building, and certain furniture and equipment of the former headquarters location the Property ), was completed on June 28, 2024. In connection with the sale, the Company provided seller financing to the purchaser of the Property the Purchaser in the form of a secured promissory note for a portion of the purchase price of the Property. The total purchase price of the Property was million and was comprised of million cash and million of seller financing. On June 30, 2024, the Company recognized a gain on the sale of property held for sale of million representing the difference between the property held for sale balance and the net present value of the consideration on the date of disposal of the Property, less expenses incurred. 
 The million in seller financing is in the form of a secured promissory note receivable to be repaid with an interest rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. The loan principal shall be repaid to the Company upon the earlier of the following: (a) the second anniversary of the closing date of the sale of the Property or (b) the closing of a sale of the Property by the Purchaser to a third party who is not related to the Purchaser. The Company will accrue interest income monthly based on the agreed upon principal amount and interest rate. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Current period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) Recoveries collected ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Data processing software Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Data processing software, net Other assets (1) Other assets, net 
 ___________________________ 
 million and million, respectively. See Note 5 Property and Equipment, Net and Note 6 Credit Losses for more information on the notes receivable, net of allowance, included within other assets, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 17 Stock-Based Compensation for more information on the contra-revenue asset related to the issuance and the repurchase of Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units and Warrant Units included within other assets, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the contra-revenue asset balance was and million, respectively. 
 Amortization expense related to data processing software was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Goodwill has been allocated to specific reporting units for purposes of impairment testing - Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, and Global FX. Goodwill impairment testing is performed annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if conditions exist that indicate that the asset may be impaired. 
 Additions Sales ) ) Amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) Changes in foreign currency exchange rates ) Impairment ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Following the April 2024 announcement of the Cboe Digital spot market wind down and unwinding of the minority ownership structure in the holding company parent of the Cboe Digital entities, the Company performed an interim impairment test for the intangible assets recognized in the Digital reporting unit as the announcement was considered a 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million in the condensed consolidated statements of income during the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization expense was million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization expense was million and million, respectively. The estimated future amortization expense is million for the remainder of 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026, million for 2027, and million for 2028. 
 Indefinite Customer relationships Market data customer relationships Technology Trademarks and trade names Digital assets held Indefinite Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Weighted Average Amortization Period (in years) Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Global FX Digital Trading registrations and licenses Indefinite Customer relationships Market data customer relationships Technology Trademarks and trade names Digital assets held Indefinite Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) ) 
 In October 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Cboe NL, entered into a Data Provider Agreement with Pyth Data Association Pyth to create a data feed and begin publishing limited derived equities market data for certain symbols from of its U.S. equities exchanges on the Pyth Network, a decentralized financial market data distribution platform for aggregated data. In exchange, Pyth granted Cboe NL restricted PYTH tokens which unlock annually over a period in equal tranches; the first tranche of PYTH tokens unlocked in May 2024. The PYTH tokens, which are included within intangible assets, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, are carried at their historical value of per token and are reviewed each reporting period for potential impairment. In May 2024, the Company recorded million in market data fees revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of income, which represents the historical value of the grant of restricted PYTH tokens earned for satisfying the performance obligations outlined in the Data Provider Agreement. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Royalties Accrued liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Rebates payable Marketing fee payable Current unrecognized tax benefits Accounts payable Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 10. 
 million fixed rate Senior Notes due January 2027, stated rate of 
 million fixed rate Senior Notes due December 2030, stated rate of 
 million fixed rate Senior Notes due March 2032, stated rate of 
 Revolving Credit Agreement Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility Total debt 
 Senior Notes 
 On January 12, 2017, the Company entered into an indenture (the Indenture ), by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee, in connection with the issuance of million aggregate principal amount of the Company s Senior Notes due 2027 Senior Notes ). The form and terms of the Senior Notes were established pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, dated as of January 12, 2017, supplementing the Indenture. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the Senior Notes to fund, in part, the Merger, including the payment of related fees and expenses and the repayment of Bats existing indebtedness, and the remainder for general corporate purposes. The Senior Notes mature on January 12, 2027 and bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 12 and July 12 of each year, commencing July 12, 2017. 
 On December 15, 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2030 (" Senior Notes"). The form and terms of the Senior Notes were established pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, dated as of December 15, 2020, supplementing the Indenture. The Company used the net proceeds from the Senior Notes to finance the acquisition of BIDS Trading, repay a portion of amounts outstanding under the term loan facility and all outstanding indebtedness under the revolving credit facility and the remainder for general corporate purposes, which may include the financing of future acquisitions or the repayment of other outstanding indebtedness. The Senior Notes mature on December 15, 2030 and bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing June 15, 2021. 
 On March 16, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2032 Senior Notes and, together with the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The form and terms of the Senior Notes were established pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, dated as of March 16, 2022, supplementing the Indenture. The Company used the net proceeds from the Senior Notes, together with cash on hand, and the proceeds of additional borrowings, to partially fund its acquisition of Cboe Digital. The Senior Notes mature on March 16, 2032 and bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 16 and September 16 of each year, commencing September 16, 2022. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 percent of the aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes to be repurchased. 
 Indenture 
 Under the Indenture, the Company may issue debt securities, which includes the Senior Notes, at any time and from time to time, in one or more series without limitation on the aggregate principal amount. The Indenture governing the Senior Notes contains customary restrictions, including a limitation that restricts the Company s ability and the ability of certain of the Company s subsidiaries to create or incur secured debt. Such Indenture also limits certain sale and leaseback transactions and contains customary events of default. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 On February 25, 2022, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Revolving Credit Agreement ), which amended and restated the prior revolving credit agreement. 
 The Revolving Credit Agreement provides for a senior unsecured million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility that includes a million swing line sub-facility. The Company may also, subject to the agreement of the applicable lenders, increase the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to million, for a total of million. Subject to specified conditions, the Company may designate or more of its subsidiaries as additional borrowers under the Revolving Credit Agreement provided that the Company guarantees all borrowings and other obligations of any such subsidiaries under the Revolving Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, subsidiaries were designated as additional borrowers. 
 Funds borrowed under the Revolving Credit Agreement may be used to fund working capital and for other general corporate purposes, including the making of any acquisitions the Company may pursue in the ordinary course of its business. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Accordingly, at September 30, 2024, million of borrowing capacity was available for the purposes permitted by the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 Loans under the Revolving Credit Agreement will bear interest, at the Company s option, at either (i) the Relevant Rate (defined herein) plus a margin (based on the Company s public debt ratings) ranging from percent per annum to percent per annum or (ii) a daily fluctuating rate based on the administrative agent s prime rate (subject to certain minimums based upon the federal funds effective rate or Term SOFR), which is subject to a percent floor, plus a margin (based on the Company s public debt ratings) ranging from per annum to percent per annum. Relevant Rate means with respect to any committed borrowing or swingline borrowing denominated in (a) Dollars, Term SOFR plus a spread adjustment of percent per annum, (b) Sterling, SONIA plus a spread adjustment of percent per annum and (c) Euros, EURIBOR, as applicable, provided that each Relevant Rate is subject to a floor. 
 Subject to certain conditions stated in the Revolving Credit Agreement, the Company and any subsidiaries designated as additional borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time during the term of the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement will terminate and all amounts owing thereunder will be due and payable on February 25, 2027, unless the commitments are terminated earlier, either at the request of the Company or, if an event of default occurs, by the lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events). The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants for facilities of its type, including financial covenants, events of default and indemnification provisions in favor of the lenders. The negative covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens, the incurrence of indebtedness by the Company s subsidiaries and fundamental changes, subject to certain exceptions in each case. The financial covenants require the Company to meet a quarterly financial test with respect to a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of not greater than to 1.00; provided that the consolidated leverage ratio may, subject to certain triggering events set forth in the Revolving Credit Agreement, be increased to to 1.00 on one occasion and to 1.00 on another occasion, in each case, for four consecutive fiscal quarters; provided that, prior to the exercise of the second such financial covenant step-up, the maximum consolidated leverage ratio shall have returned to a level of to 1.00 for at least two consecutive fiscal quarters. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with these covenants and did not exercise financial covenant step-up. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 billion committed syndicated multicurrency revolving and swingline credit facility (i) that is available to be drawn by Cboe Clear Europe towards (a) financing unsettled amounts in connection with the settlement of transactions in securities and other items processed through Cboe Clear Europe s clearing system and (b) financing any other liability or liquidity requirement that Cboe Clear Europe incurred in the operation of its clearing system and (ii) under which the scheduled interest and fees on borrowings (but not the principal amount of any borrowings) are guaranteed by the Company. Subject to certain conditions, Cboe Clear Europe is able to increase the commitments under the Facility by up to million, to a total of billion. 
 Borrowings under the Facility are secured by cash, eligible government bonds and eligible equity assets deposited by Cboe Clear Europe into secured accounts. In addition, Cboe Clear Europe must ensure that at all times the aggregate of (a) each clearing participant s contribution to the relevant clearing fund, (b) each clearing participant s margin amount and (c) any cash equities purchased using the proceeds of the assets described in (a) and (b), less the amount of any such clearing participant contribution, margin amount or cash equities which have been transferred to (or secured in favor of) any provider of settlement or custody services to Cboe Clear Europe, is not less than million. 
 Borrowings under the Facility s revolving loans and non-U.S. dollar swingline loans bear interest at the relevant floating base rate plus a margin of percent per annum and (subject to certain conditions) borrowings under the Facility s U.S. dollar swingline loans bear interest at the higher of the relevant agent s prime commercial lending rate for U.S. dollars and percent per annum over the federal funds effective rate. A commitment fee of percent per annum is payable on the unused and uncalled amount of the Facility during the availability period. 
 Subject to certain conditions stated in the Facility, Cboe Clear Europe may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the Facility at any time during the term of the Facility. The Facility will terminate and all amounts owing thereunder will be due and payable on June 27, 2025, unless the commitments are terminated earlier, either at the request of Cboe Clear Europe or, if an event of default occurs, by the Lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events). 
 The Facility contains customary representations, warranties and covenants for facilities of its type, including events of default of the Company and Cboe Clear Europe and indemnification provisions in favor of the Lenders. In particular, the covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens by Cboe Clear Europe and its subsidiaries, and an event of default will be triggered if Cboe Clear Europe ceases its business, subject to certain exceptions in each case. There is also a requirement for the net worth of (a) the Company to be no less than billion on the date of each drawdown and delivery of compliance certificates and (b) Cboe Clear Europe to be the higher of million and any such amount required for Cboe Clear Europe to meet minimum liquidity regulations under applicable regulation at all times. 
 As of September 30, 2024, borrowings were outstanding under the Facility. Accordingly, at September 30, 2024, billion of borrowing capacity was available for the purposes permitted by the Facility. At September 30, 2024, the Company and Cboe Clear Europe were in compliance with applicable covenants. 
 Notes Payments and Contractual Interest 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Principal amounts repayable Debt issuance costs ) Unamortized discounts on notes ) Total debt outstanding 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net 
 
 11.) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 12. 
 clearinghouses, Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear Digital, each of which acts as a central counterparty that provides clearing and settlement services. 
 Cboe Clear Europe 
 Cboe Clear Europe is a European equities central counterparty that provides post-trade services to stock exchanges, MTFs, over-the-counter OTC equities trades and an equity derivatives exchange. Cboe Clear Europe clears equities from European markets and the United States, as well as Depositary Receipts, ETFs, and equity-like instruments. In September 2021, Cboe Clear Europe began clearing equity derivatives for European markets, initially index futures and options and as of November 2023, single stock options. Through a novation process, Cboe Clear Europe becomes the buyer for every seller and the seller for every buyer, thereby protecting clearing participants from counterparty risk and allowing the settlement of trades in the event of a clearing participant default. 
 Cboe Clear Europe only assumes the guarantor role if it has an equal and offsetting claim against a clearing participant. For the period ended September 30, 2024, there have been no events of default for which a liability is required to be recognized in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cboe Clear Europe Clearing Participant Deposits 
 Cboe Clear Europe generally requires all clearing participants to deposit collateral to help mitigate Cboe Clear Europe s exposure to credit risk in the event that a clearing participant fails to meet a financial or contractual obligation. 
 Margin Deposits 
 Margin deposits, which are predominately in the form of cash and cash equivalents, are deposits made by each clearing participant to Cboe Clear Europe to cover some or all of the credit risk of its failure to fulfill its obligations in the trade. Cboe 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 other central counterparties CCPs ). Under these arrangements, margin is pledged to and from interoperable CCPs. The interoperability fund consists of collateral provided by clearing participants that is pledged by Cboe Clear Europe to the other interoperable CCPs, to cover margin calls Cboe Clear Europe receives from such interoperable CCPs. 
 Effective August 14, 2023, Cboe Clear Europe enacted changes to its rules, and is able to invest the cash collateral received in the form of interoperability fund deposits from clearing participants in certain investments, typically securities issued by pre-approved sovereign issuers and reverse repurchase agreements with overnight maturities. When investments are made in accordance with Cboe Clear Europe s investment policy, Cboe Clear Europe receives the amount of investment earnings and pays clearing participants those earnings minus a set basis point cost of collateral. As Cboe Clear Europe is able to direct the investment of the cash interoperability fund deposits received from the clearing participants within the program parameters and receives an economic benefit from those investments, these amounts are included in the margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds captions in the condensed consolidated balance sheets and the related interest income and expense is recorded in other revenue and other cost of revenue, respectively, on the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Cboe Clear Europe Default and Liquidity Waterfalls 
 The default waterfall is the priority order in which the capital resources are expected to be utilized in the event of a default where the defaulting clearing participant s collateral would not be sufficient to cover the cost to liquidate its portfolio. If a default occurs and the defaulting clearing participant s collateral, including margin deposits and clearing fund deposits, are depleted, then additional capital is utilized in the following order: 
 Cboe Clear Europe s dedicated own resources: The Cboe Clear Europe default waterfall first utilizes its dedicated own resources in forms and totaling of Cboe Clear Europe capital requirements; the first skin in the game , equal to of Cboe Clear Europe capital requirements before the use of clearing fund contributions described below and the second skin in the game , an amount between - of capital requirements as discussed in Note 16 Regulatory Capital ). 
 Clearing fund: Second, the Cboe Clear Europe default waterfall utilizes traditional CCP risk mutualization, in the event that default losses fully exhaust Cboe Clear Europe s dedicated own resources amount, whereby contributions applicable to a particular product class are applied first to any loss attributable to that product class. 
 Pro rata contributions: Third, if the default losses caused cannot be covered by the first two layers, the non-defaulting clearing participants shall on demand make additional payments to Cboe Clear Europe on a pro rata basis in proportion to the amount of their clearing fund contributions to cover any such remaining losses, which is limited to an amount equal to twice their clearing fund contribution as established under Cboe Clear Europe s rules and regulations. In this scenario, contributions applicable to a particular product class are first applied to any losses attributable to that product class. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. The Company includes customer cash related to the clearing activity on the condensed consolidated balance sheets in margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds, with a corresponding liability. 
 Digital Assets - Safeguarded Assets 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company liquidated all digital assets held by Cboe Digital for customers. As a result, subsequent to July 1, 2024, the Company longer held any digital assets safeguarded assets or liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. In accordance with the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 121 SAB 121 ), the Company included customer digital assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets in digital assets - safeguarded assets, with a corresponding offset in digital assets - safeguarded liabilities. Digital assets safeguarded assets totaled and million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Ethereum ("ETH") Litecoin ("LTC") Bitcoin Cash ("BCH") USD Coin ("USDC") Total 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Cboe Clear Europe reverse repurchase and other Cboe Clear Digital customer bank deposits Total cash margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds 
 September 30, 2024 Margin Deposits Clearing Funds Interoperability Funds Total Cboe Clear Europe non-cash contributions (1) 
 December 31, 2023 Margin Deposits Clearing Funds Interoperability Funds Total Cboe Clear Europe central bank account Cboe Clear Europe reverse repurchase and other Cboe Clear Digital customer bank deposits Total cash margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds 
 December 31, 2023 Margin Deposits Clearing Funds Interoperability Funds Total Cboe Clear Europe non-cash contributions (1) 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) These amounts are not reflected in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, as Cboe Clear Europe does not have the ability to sell or repledge the amounts absent a clearing participant default. 
 
 13. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable securities (1): Mutual funds Money market funds Note receivable - building sale (2) Total assets 
 December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: U.S. Treasury securities (1) Marketable securities (1): Mutual funds Money market funds Digital assets - safeguarded assets Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities Cboe Digital restricted common units liability (3) Cboe Digital warrant liability (3) Total liabilities 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) These amounts are reflected within financial investments in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) This amount is reflected within other assets, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) These amounts are reflected within other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 The following is a description of the Company s valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 Financial Investments 
 Financial investments consist of highly liquid U.S. Treasury securities, and marketable securities held in a trust for the Company s non-qualified retirement and benefit plans, also referred to as deferred compensation plan assets. The deferred compensation plan assets have an equal and offsetting deferred compensation plan liability based on the value of the deferred compensation plan assets. These securities are valued by obtaining feeds from a number of live data sources, including active market makers and inter-dealer brokers and therefore categorized as Level 1. No material adjustments were made to the carrying value of financial investments for the period ended September 30, 2024. See Note 15 Employee Benefit Plans for more information. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 longer held any digital assets safeguarded assets or liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. See Note 12 Clearing Operations for additional details regarding digital assets formerly held on behalf of customers. 
 Contingent Consideration Liabilities 
 In connection with the acquisitions of Cboe Asia Pacific and Cboe Canada, the Company entered into contingent consideration arrangements with the sellers. The total fair value of the liabilities at September 30, 2024 was . In connection with the contingent consideration arrangements, the Company paid a total of million and million in contingent consideration to the sellers of Cboe Asia Pacific and Cboe Canada during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. In May 2024, Cboe Japan achieved milestones resulting in the payment of million of contingent consideration, resulting in a reversal of a previously recorded gain. Additionally, Cboe Asia Pacific s contingent consideration expired in June 2024 and the remaining balance was not achieved, resulting in an equivalent gain of million. In August 2024, the remaining liability related to the acquisition of Cboe Canada was not used, resulting in an equivalent gain of million. The aforementioned updates resulted in a total million loss on Cboe Asia Pacific and Cboe Canada contingent consideration liabilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Because the fair value measurements relating to the contingent consideration liabilities are subject to management judgment, measurement uncertainty is inherent in the valuation of the contingent consideration liabilities as of the reporting date. 
 Note Receivable Building Sale 
 The Company provided seller financing in the form of a secured promissory note for a portion of the purchase price of the Property sale completed on June 28, 2024. See Note 5 Property and Equipment, Net for more information. The Company has elected the fair value option available under ASC 825 for this note and subsequent changes in fair value are reported in other income (expense), net on the condensed consolidated statements of income. The fair value was calculated using the initial projected amortization schedule, credit risk assumptions, and implied interest rates for similar instruments. These inputs are considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The note is within other assets, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The fair value option was not elected for other notes receivable described in Note 7 Other Assets, Net due to uncertain payment terms and credit and legal risks as described in Note 6 Credit Losses ). The note receivable related to the building sale was not 90 days or more past due or in non-accrual status as of September 30, 2024. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Certain assets, such as goodwill and intangible assets, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. For goodwill, the process involves using a market approach and income approach (using discounted estimated cash flows) to determine the fair value of each reporting unit on a stand-alone basis. That fair value is compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including its recorded goodwill. In connection with the annual impairment evaluation of goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles, impairment is considered to have occurred if the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than the carrying value of the reporting unit. For equity method investments and intangible assets, other than digital assets held, the process also involves using a discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of each asset. Impairment is considered to have occurred if the fair value of the asset is lower than its carrying value. These measurements are considered Level 3 and these assets are recognized at fair value if they are deemed to be impaired. 
 Equity investments without readily determinable fair values that are valued using the measurement alternative are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Other than the impairment charges recorded on the Company s minority investments in Globacap Technology Limited and StratiFi Technologies Inc., no observable transactions or impairments impacted the measurements of the investments accounted for as other equity investments. See Note 4 Investments for more information. These measurements are considered Level 3 and these assets are recognized at fair value if they are deemed to be impaired. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred compensation plan assets (1) Note receivable - building sale (2) Total assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation plan liabilities (4) Debt (5) Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: U.S. Treasury securities (1) Deferred compensation plan assets (1) Digital assets - safeguarded assets Digital assets held (3,5) Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities Deferred compensation plan liabilities (4) Digital assets - safeguarded liabilities Cboe Digital restricted common units liability (4) Cboe Digital warrant liability (4) Debt (5) Total liabilities 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) These amounts are reflected within financial investments in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) This amount is reflected within other assets, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) These amounts are reflected within intangible assets, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (4) These amounts are reflected within other non-current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (5) These balances are presented at fair value in this table, but are carried at their historical value within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Certain financial assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, income tax receivable, accounts payable and Section 31 fees payable, and notes receivable are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, but the carrying values approximate fair value due to their liquid or short-term nature. 
 Debt 
 The debt balance consists of fixed rate Senior Notes. The fair values of the Senior Notes are classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy and are estimated using prevailing market quotes. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 
 Information on Level 3 Financial Assets and Liabilities 
 Total assets 
 Balance at Beginning of Period Realized Losses (Gains) during Period Adjustments Additions Settlements Foreign Currency Translation Balance at End of Period Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities ) ) Total liabilities ) ) 
 Level 3 Financial Assets and Liabilities for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at Beginning of Period Realized (Losses) Gains during Period Adjustments Additions Settlements Foreign Currency Translation Balance at End of Period Assets: Note receivable - building sale ) Total assets ) 
 Balance at Beginning of Period Realized Losses (Gains) during Period Adjustments Additions Settlements Foreign Currency Translation Balance at End of Period Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities ) Cboe Digital restricted common units liability ) ) ) Cboe Digital warrant liability ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 14. 
 reportable business segments: Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, Global FX, and Digital which is reflective of how the Company's CODM reviews and operates the business, as discussed in Note 1 Organization and Basis of Presentation ). Segment performance is primarily evaluated based on 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 35 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income (loss) ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenues ) Operating income (loss) ) ) 
 Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Futures Global FX Digital Corporate Items and Eliminations Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenues ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenues ) Operating income (loss) ) ) 
 Geographical Information 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 United States Non-U.S. Total Revenues less cost of revenues: Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 15. 
 million and million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Although the value of the plan is recorded in financial investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, there is an equal and offsetting liability in other non-current liabilities. The investment results of the non-qualified plans have no impact on net income as the investment results are recorded in equal amounts to both other income (expense), net and compensation and benefits expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income. The Company matches a portion of employee contributions made to the SMART Plan and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. The Company contributed million and million to these plans for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and million to the defined contribution plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Eligible employees outside of the U.S., which includes employees of Cboe Europe, Cboe NL, Cboe Clear Europe, BIDS, Cboe Asia Pacific, and Cboe Canada Inc. are eligible to participate in various employee-selected stakeholder contribution plans or plans covered by local jurisdictions or by applicable laws. The Company s contribution amounted to million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This expense is included in compensation and benefits in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Effective January 1, 2023, Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Board of Directors may contribute a percentage of their cash and equity compensation to cash and equity deferred compensation plans that are maintained by the Company and defer income taxes thereon. 
 
 16. 
 of aggregate indebtedness items, as defined, or million. Cboe Fixed Income was required to maintain net capital equal to the greater of of aggregate indebtedness items, as defined, or thousand. 
 As entities regulated by the FCA, Cboe Europe is subject to the Financial Resource Requirement FRR and Cboe Chi-X Europe is subject to the Capital Resources Requirement CRR ). As a RIE, Cboe Europe computes its FRR in accordance with its Financial Risk Assessment, as agreed by the FCA. In accordance with the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive of the FCA requirements, Cboe Chi-X Europe computes its CRR as the greater of the base requirement of million at September 30, 2024, or the summation of the credit risk, market risk and fixed overheads requirements, as defined. 
 On March 8, 2019, Cboe NL received approval from the Dutch Ministry of Finance to operate a RM, a MTF, and an approved publication arrangement in the Netherlands. As a RM, Cboe NL is subject to minimum capital requirements, as established by the Dutch Ministry of Finance in the license dated March 8, 2019. 
 Cboe Clear Europe was granted authorization under European Market Infrastructure Regulation EMIR by the National Competent Authority, DNB. Cboe Clear Europe is required by the EMIR, to maintain a minimum amount of capital to reflect an estimate of the capital required to wind down or restructure the activities of the clearinghouse, cover operational, legal and business risks and to reserve capital to meet credit, counterparty and market risks not covered by the clearing participants collateral and clearing funds. 
 As a designated contract market regulated by the CFTC, CFE is required to meet capital adequacy tests: (i) its financial resources must be equal to at least twelve months of its projected operating costs and (ii) its unencumbered, liquid financial assets, which may include a line of credit, must be equal to at least six months of its projected operating costs. The amounts presented below represent the greater of the capital adequacy requirements. 
 As a swap execution facility regulated by the CFTC, Cboe SEF is required to meet capital adequacy tests: (i) its financial resources must exceed at least twelve months of its projected operating costs and (ii) its unencumbered, liquid financial assets must be equal to the greater of: (a) three months of projected operating costs or (b) its projected wind down costs. The amounts presented below represent the greater of the capital adequacy requirements. 
 As a designated contract organization regulated by the CFTC, Cboe Digital Exchange is required to meet capital adequacy tests: (i) its financial resources must be equal to at least twelve months of its projected operating costs and (ii) its unencumbered, liquid financial assets, which may include a line of credit, must be equal to at least six months of its projected operating costs. The amounts presented below represent the greater of the capital adequacy requirements. 
 As a derivatives clearing organization regulated by the CFTC, Cboe Clear Digital is required to meet capital adequacy tests: (i) its financial resources must be equal to at least twelve months of its projected operating costs and (ii) its unencumbered, liquid financial assets, which may include a line of credit, must be equal to at least six months of its projected operating costs. The amounts presented below represent the greater of the capital adequacy requirements. 
 Cboe Canada Inc. is regulated by the Ontario Securities Commission OSC ). Cboe Canada Inc. is required to maintain sufficient financial resources for the proper performance of its functions and to meet its responsibilities. Cboe Canada Inc. must calculate the following financial ratios monthly: (i) current ratio, (ii) a debt to cash flow ratio, and (iii) a financial leverage ratio. Cboe Canada Inc. must report the monthly calculations to the OSC on a quarterly basis. 
 Cboe Australia is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC ). Cboe Australia is required to maintain sufficient financial resources to operate the market properly in accordance with Section 794A(d) of the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 in accordance with such requirements prescribed by the JFSA and JSDA. 
 BIDS Trading FINRA/SEC Cboe Fixed Income FINRA/SEC Cboe Europe FCA Cboe Chi-X Europe FCA Cboe NL Dutch Authority for Financial Markets Cboe Clear Europe DNB CFE CFTC Cboe SEF CFTC Cboe Digital Exchange CFTC Cboe Clear Digital CFTC Cboe Australia ASIC Cboe Japan JFSA 
 
 17. 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense relating to non-employee director awards is included in professional fees and outside services in the condensed consolidated statements of income. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-employee director awards of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense relating to Restricted Common Units and Warrant Units granted to former investor members of Cboe Digital was recorded as contra-revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of income. In connection with winding down the Cboe Digital spot market, on June 12, 2024 all of the remaining Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units and Warrant Units were forfeited and Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units or Warrant Units were outstanding as of the three months ended September 30, 2024. See below for additional information. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested stock at September 30, 2024 
 RSUs entitle the holder to share of common stock upon vesting with the exception of certain jurisdictions where the RSUs are settled in cash, typically vest over a period, and vesting accelerates upon death, disability, or the occurrence of a qualified termination following a change in control. Vesting will also accelerate upon a qualified retirement where applicable and permitted. Where applicable and permitted, qualified retirement eligibility occurs once achieving years of age and years of service. Starting in 2024, in connection with grants of new equity awards, the award agreements provide that in the event of a participant s retirement, all unvested outstanding RSUs and a pro rata portion of unvested outstanding PSUs will remain outstanding and be distributed in accordance with the award s original vesting and settlement schedule, even after the applicable retirement date. Retirement eligibility will require, in addition to attaining years of age and years of continuous service, submission of months of advanced written notice of a retirement and submission, approval, and satisfactory completion of a transition plan. Unvested RSUs will be forfeited if the officer, or employee leaves the Company prior to the applicable vesting date, except in limited circumstances. 
 RSUs granted to non-employee members of the Board of Directors have a vesting period and vesting accelerates upon the occurrence of a change in control of the Company. Unvested portions of the RSUs will be forfeited if the director leaves the Board of Directors prior to the applicable vesting date. 
 The RSUs have no voting rights but entitle the holder to receive dividend equivalents. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to satisfy employees tax obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock, the Company purchased shares of common stock totaling million as a result of the vesting of shares of restricted stock. 
 PSUs 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Nonvested stock at September 30, 2024 
 PSUs include awards related to earnings per share during the performance period as well as awards related to total shareholder return during the performance period. The Company used the Monte Carlo valuation model method to estimate the fair value of the total shareholder return PSUs which incorporated the following assumptions for awards granted in February 2024: risk-free interest rate ) , -year volatility ) and -year correlation with S P 500 Index ). Each of these performance shares has a performance condition under which the number of units ultimately awarded will vary from to of the original grant, with each unit representing the contingent right to receive share of the Company s common stock. The vesting period for the PSUs contingent on the achievement of performance conditions is . For each of the performance awards, the PSUs will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock following vesting of the PSU assuming that the participant has been continuously employed during the vesting period, subject to acceleration upon death, disability, or the occurrence of a qualified termination following a change in control. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock totaling million as a result of the vesting of shares of performance stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were million in total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance stock units. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In May 2018, the Company s stockholders approved an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, ESPP ), under which a total of shares of the Company s common stock will be made available for purchase to employees. The ESPP is a broad-based plan that permits employees to contribute up to of wages and base salary to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount, subject to applicable annual Internal Revenue Service IRS limitations. Under the ESPP, a participant may not purchase more than a maximum of shares of the Company s common stock during any single offering period. No participant may accrue options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a rate that exceeds in fair market value of the Company s common stock (determined at the time such options are granted) for each calendar year in which such rights are outstanding at any time. The exercise price per share of common stock shall be (for eligible U.S. and international employees) of the lesser of the fair value of the stock on the first day of the applicable offering period or the applicable exercise date. 
 The Company records compensation expense over the offering period related to the discount that is given to employees, which totaled million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, shares were reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. 
 Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units 
 On November 18, 2022, Cboe Digital Holdings entered into minority interest purchase agreements with certain digital asset industry participants, pursuant to which Cboe Digital Holdings agreed to issue Restricted Common Units in Cboe Digital. In addition, certain former investor members and their affiliates are our customers, including trading permit holders, trading privilege holders, participants, and members. Certain former Cboe Digital investor members paid for the Restricted Common Units through the issuance of promissory notes, which were nonrecourse in nature. The issuances of Restricted Common Units for nonrecourse promissory notes are accounted for as in-substance stock options. The promissory notes generally bore interest at a rate of per annum and matured upon the earlier of the sale of vested Restricted Common Units, or either November 18, 2032 or November 18, 2037. One former Cboe Digital investor member paid for the Restricted Common Units in exchange for cash. 
 As of March 31, 2024, Restricted Common Units (all unvested) were outstanding, with a weighted average exercise price of million and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. On April 25, 2024, the Company announced plans to wind down the spot digital asset trading market currently offered by Cboe Digital and to dissolve its minority ownership structure. 
 In connection with winding down the Cboe Digital spot market, on June 12, 2024, the Company entered into Unit Repurchase Agreements with holders of Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units to repurchase its outstanding Restricted Common Units in exchange for forgiveness of the related promissory note. Certain former investor members also received a cash payment in addition to the forgiveness of their promissory note. The former Cboe Digital investor who paid for their Restricted Common Units in cash also received an additional payment equal to the amount they paid for their Restricted Common Units. As a result, all Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units were forfeited as of June 30, 2024. The Company paid million in total to settle the Restricted Common Units. No Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units were outstanding during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Vesting of Restricted Common Units was based on certain conditions relating to the participation and performance of the former Cboe Digital investor members on the Cboe Digital platforms, generally over a period. Performance was generally measured based on participation on the Cboe Digital platforms and the former investor members maintaining certain average daily volumes on the platforms. Due to the existence of an option for former investor members to sell their shares immediately after vesting, the options were liability classified. The options were due to expire upon the maturity of the promissory notes, which was either November 18, 2032 or November 18, 2037, unless the options were exercised. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 million of contra-revenue was reversed in the three months ended June 30, 2024. All amounts previously recorded within other assets, net relating to the Restricted Common Units were reversed. Any impact to other income (expense), net for changes in the fair value of the Cboe Digital Restricted Common Units was reversed. 
 Changes in the fair value of the options, subsequent to the grant date, were recognized in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of income in the period in which the fair value of the options changed. The Company used a Black Scholes pricing model to estimate the fair value of the in-substance stock options which incorporated the following assumptions as of December 31, 2023: risk-free interest rate range to , expected dividend rate ) , expected volatility to , and expected term of to years. For the three months ended June 30, 2024, there was ) million recognized in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of income related to a reversal of previously recognized fair value adjustments of the options. 
 Prior to the execution of Unit Repurchase Agreements, certain former Cboe Digital investor members were able to earn additional Incentive Program Units. The Incentive Program Units were subject to the same terms and conditions as the other Restricted Common Units and were similarly liability-classified awards. Cboe Digital authorized a maximum of Common Units to be distributed over the life of the incentive program. 
 The wind down of the Cboe Digital spot market resulted in a forfeiture of all earned Incentive Program Units and a reversal of contra-revenue previously recorded. Cash payments to former investor members attributable to the Incentive Program Units were recorded as contra-revenue. The Company paid million in total to settle the Incentive Program Units. As a result, million of contra-revenue was recorded in the three months ended June 30, 2024, due to the cash payments exceeding the amount of contra-revenue previously recorded for Incentive Program Units. All amounts previously recorded within other assets, net and other income (expense), net for changes in the fair value relating to the Restricted Common Units were reversed. 
 Cboe Digital Warrants Units 
 On November 18, 2022, Cboe Digital Holdings entered into a Warrant Agreement with a former investor member to acquire up to Common Units of Cboe Digital, subject to certain vesting events. The former investor member is a customer of Cboe Digital. 
 The vesting of the Warrant Units was based upon the achievement of certain conditions relating to the service provided by the former investor member over a period, of which some conditions represented conditions that are not service, performance, or market conditions and, therefore, the Warrant Units were liability classified. As of March 31, 2024, Warrant Units (with a weighted average exercise price of million) had vested, but Warrant Units were exercised. 
 In connection with winding down the spot digital asset trading market, this former investor member agreed to settle their outstanding Warrant Units for a one-time cash payment as a part of their Unit Repurchase Agreement. Unvested Warrant Units were forfeited. The Company paid million in total to settle the Warrant Units. Cboe Digital Warrant Units were outstanding during the three months ended September 30, 2024.) , expected dividend rate ) , expected volatility ) , and expected term of years. Given the cash payment to the Warrant Units holder relates to a settlement of a vested instrument, the difference between the liability previously recorded for the vested Warrant Units and the amount of the Unit Repurchase Agreement was recorded as million recognized in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of income in the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 18. 
 shares of the Company s common stock were authorized, par value, and and 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company s common stock were authorized, par value, and and shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. The holders of common stock are entitled to vote per share. 
 Common Stock in Treasury, at Cost 
 The Company accounts for the purchase of treasury stock under the cost method with the shares of stock repurchased reflected as a reduction to Cboe stockholders equity and included in common stock in treasury, at cost in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Shares repurchased under the Company s share repurchase program are retired or they are available to be redistributed. When treasury shares are redistributed, they are recorded at the average cost of the treasury shares acquired. When treasury shares are retired, they are removed from the common stock in treasury balance. The Company held and shares of common stock in treasury as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In 2011, the Board of Directors approved an initial authorization for the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of million and subsequently approved additional authorizations for a total authorization of billion. The Company expects to fund repurchases primarily through the use of existing cash balances. The program permits the Company to purchase shares, through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. It does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation. 
 Average price paid per share Total purchase price (in millions) 
 Since inception of the program through September 30, 2024, the Company has repurchased shares of common stock at an average cost per share of , for a total value of billion. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had million and million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations, respectively. 
 Purchase of Common Stock from Employees 
 The Company purchased and shares that were not part of the publicly announced share repurchase authorization from employees for an average price paid per share of and during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. These shares consisted of shares retained to cover payroll withholding taxes or costs in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units and performance share awards. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company has authorized the issuance of shares of preferred stock, par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Dividends 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company declared and paid cash dividends per share of for an aggregate payout of million. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company declared and paid cash dividends per share of for an aggregate payout of million. 
 Each share of common stock, including RSUs and PSUs, is entitled to receive dividend and dividend equivalents, respectively, if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company s expectation is to continue to pay dividends. The decision to pay a dividend, however, remains within the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and may be affected by various factors, including earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of 
 42 

Table of Contents 

19. 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The higher effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 is primarily due to releases of penalties and interest associated with Section 199 positions in 2023. 
 
 20. 
 Net income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Basic earnings per share denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share numerator: Net income Net income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Diluted earnings per share denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive common shares issued under stock program Total dilutive weighted average shares Diluted earnings per share 
 For the periods presented, the Company did have shares of stock-based compensation that would have an anti-dilutive effect on the computation of diluted earnings per share. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 21. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 45 

Table of Contents 

 million and million each year for the next five years. On January 29, 2024, the Company entered into an addendum to the corporate agreement with a cloud services provider, which contains annual minimum fee requirements that total between million and million each year for the next five years. Cboe Canada Inc. has purchase obligations primarily related to software development activities of million in total over the next . 
 See Note 12 Clearing Operations for information on the clearinghouse exposure guarantees for Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear Digital. 

22. 
 or more, and some of which include the Company s option to terminate the leases within . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, million of right of use assets and million of lease liabilities were added related to new leases and existing lease extensions. 
 In May 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to amend its lease agreement for its Lenexa, Kansas office space. As part of the agreement, the lease term was reduced and now ends on September 30, 2025. In consideration for the reduction in lease term, the Company agreed to pay a reduction fee totaling million to be paid in equal installments in May 2024 and September 2025. The amended lease agreement was treated as a full termination without an embedded option to terminate included in the original agreement. Upon the termination, the Company considered the present value of future lease payments and adjusted its right of use assets and lease liabilities balances accordingly based on the percentage reduction in the remaining lease term; the right of use assets decreased million and the lease liabilities decreased million, with the million difference recorded as a gain on lease termination in other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of income during the three months ended June 30, 2024. The million lease reduction payments are included in the present value of the lease liability balance along with normal rent payments and will be recognized through straight-line lease expense over the remaining term of the lease. 
 Additionally, in September 2024, the Company signed a new lease to secure approximately square feet of office space in Overland Park, Kansas. The initial term of the lease is months from the accounting commencement date, September 1, 2024. The Company has the option to renew the lease for additional terms of months each. The total legally binding minimum lease payments for the lease are approximately million, net of allowance incentives. 
 Total leased assets Current operating lease liabilities (1) Non-current operating lease liabilities Total leased liabilities 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) These amounts are reflected within accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Lease term and discount rate information: Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Reduction in lease liability due to remeasurement ) ) ___________________________ 
 (1) Includes short-term lease and variable lease costs, which are immaterial. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 23. 
 minority ownership stake in Japannext Co., Ltd., a Japanese Proprietary Trading System and alternative trading venue. 
 On October 25, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share. The dividend is payable on December 13, 2024 to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 29, 2024. 
 There have been no other subsequent events that would require disclosure in, or adjustment to, the condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the audited consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and as contained in that report, the information under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. This discussion contains forward-looking information. Please see Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 
 Overview 
 Cboe Global Markets, Inc., the world s leading derivatives and securities exchange network, delivers cutting-edge trading, clearing and investment solutions to people around the world. Cboe provides trading solutions and products in multiple asset classes, including equities, derivatives, and FX, across North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Above all, the Company is committed to building a trusted, inclusive global marketplace that enables people to pursue a sustainable financial future. 
 Cboe s subsidiaries include the largest options exchange and the third largest stock exchange operator in the U.S. In addition, the Company operates Cboe Europe, one of the largest stock exchanges by value traded in Europe, and owns Cboe Clear Europe, a leading pan-European equities and derivatives clearinghouse, BIDS Holdings, which owns a leading block-trading ATS by volume in the U.S., and provides block-trading services with Cboe market operators in Europe, Canada, Australia, and Japan, Cboe Australia, an operator of trading venues in Australia, Cboe Japan, an operator of trading venues in Japan, Cboe Digital Exchange, LLC, an operator of a regulated futures exchange, Cboe Clear Digital, an operator of a regulated clearinghouse, and Cboe Canada Inc., a recognized Canadian securities exchange. Cboe subsidiaries also serve collectively as a leading market globally for exchange-traded products ETPs listings and trading. 
 On April 25, 2024, the Company announced plans to refocus the digital asset business to leverage its core strengths in derivatives, technology, and product innovation. On May 31, 2024, the Company halted trading on the Cboe Digital spot market Cboe Digital spot market ). The Cboe Digital spot market is closed for all participant and trading purposes. In addition, the Company plans to transition its cash-settled Bitcoin and Ether futures contracts, currently available for trading on Cboe Digital Exchange, LLC's Digital Exchange ("Cboe Digital Exchange"), to CFE in the first half of 2025, pending regulatory review. The Company has brought Cboe Clear Digital under unified leadership with the Global Head of Clearing, and expects to continue to facilitate the clearing of cash-settled Bitcoin and Ether futures contracts. 
 The Company is headquartered in Chicago with offices in Amsterdam, Belfast, Hong Kong, Kansas City, London, Manila, New York, San Francisco, Sarasota Springs, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo, and Toronto. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Pyth Tokens Unlocking 
 In October 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Cboe NL entered into a Data Provider Agreement with Pyth Data Association Pyth to create a data feed and begin publishing limited derived equities market data for certain symbols from one of its four U.S. equities exchanges on the Pyth Network, a decentralized financial market data distribution platform for aggregated data. In exchange, Pyth granted Cboe NL 16,666,666 restricted PYTH tokens which unlock annually over a four-year period in equal tranches; the first 25 tranche of PYTH tokens unlocked in May 2024. The PYTH tokens, which are included within intangible assets, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, are carried at their historical value of 0.06 per token and are reviewed each reporting period for potential impairment. In May 2024, the Company recorded 1.0 million in market data fees revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of income, which represents the historical value of the grant of 16,666,666 restricted PYTH tokens earned for satisfying the performance obligations outlined in the Data Provider Agreement. 
 
 Business Segments 
 The Company operates six reportable business segments: Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, Global FX, and Digital, which is reflective of how the Company's CODM reviews and operates the business, as discussed in Note 1 Organization and Basis of Presentation ). Segment performance is primarily evaluated based on operating income (loss). The Company s CODM does not use segment-level assets or income and expenses below operating income (loss) as key performance metrics; therefore, such information is not presented below. The Company has aggregated all of its corporate costs, as well as other business ventures, within the Corporate Items and Eliminations totals based on the decision that those activities should not be used to evaluate the operating performance of the segments; however, operating expenses that relate to activities of a specific segment have been allocated to that segment. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Options. The Options segment includes options on market indices index options ), as well as on the stocks of individual corporations equity options and on ETPs such as exchange-traded funds ETFs and exchange-traded notes ETNs ), which are multi-listed options and listed on a non-exclusive basis. These options are eligible to trade, as applicable, on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX, and/or other U.S. national security exchanges. Cboe Options is the Company s primary options market and offers trading in listed options through a single system that integrates electronic trading and traditional open outcry trading on the Cboe Options trading floor in Chicago. C2 Options, BZX Options, and EDGX Options are all-electronic options exchanges, and typically operate with different market models and fee structures than Cboe Options. The Options segment also includes applicable market data fees revenues generated from the consolidated tape plans, the licensing of proprietary options market data, index licensing, routing services, and access and capacity services. 
 North American Equities. The North American Equities segment includes U.S. equities and ETP transaction services that occur on fully electronic exchanges owned and operated by BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA, equities transactions that occur on the BIDS Trading platform in the U.S. and Canada, and Canadian equities and other transaction services that occur on or through Cboe Canada Inc. s order books. The North American Equities segment also includes listing services on Cboe Canada Inc., corporate and ETP listings on BZX, applicable market data fees revenues generated from the consolidated tape plans, the licensing of proprietary equities market data, routing services, and access and capacity services. 
 Europe and Asia Pacific. The Europe and Asia Pacific segment includes the pan-European listed equities and derivatives transaction services, ETPs, exchange-traded commodities, and international depository receipts that are hosted on MTFs operated by Cboe Europe Equities (Cboe Europe and Cboe NL equities exchanges) and Cboe Europe Derivatives CEDX ). It also includes the ETP listings business on RMs and clearing activities of Cboe Clear Europe, as well as the equities transaction services of Cboe Australia and Cboe Japan, operators of trading venues in Australia and Japan, respectively, along with equities transactions that occur on the BIDS Trading platform in Australia and Japan. Cboe Europe operates lit and dark books, a periodic auctions book, a closing cross book, and Cboe BIDS Europe, a Large-in-Scale LIS trading negotiation facility predominately for UK and Swiss symbols. Cboe NL, based in Amsterdam, operates similar business functionality to that offered by Cboe Europe, and provides for trading only in European Economic Area EEA symbols. Cboe Europe Derivatives, a pan-European derivatives platform, offers futures and options based on Cboe Europe equity indices, and single stock options. This segment also includes Cboe Europe, Cboe NL, CEDX, Cboe Australia and Cboe Japan revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. 
 Futures. The Futures segment includes transaction services provided by CFE, a fully electronic futures exchange, which includes offerings for trading of VIX futures, and other futures products, the licensing of proprietary market data, as well as access and capacity services. On April 25, 2024, the Company announced plans to transition its cash-settled Bitcoin and Ether futures contracts, currently available for trading on the Cboe Digital Exchange, to CFE in the first half of 2025, pending regulatory review. 
 Global FX. The Global FX segment includes institutional FX trading services that occur on the Cboe FX fully electronic trading platform, non-deliverable forward FX transactions NDFs offered for execution on Cboe SEF, as well as revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. The segment includes transaction services for U.S. government securities executed on the Cboe Fixed Income fully electronic trading platform. 
 Digital. The Digital segment includes a regulated futures exchange and a regulated clearinghouse, as well as revenue generated from the licensing of proprietary market data and from access and capacity services. Prior to May 31, 2024, the Digital segment also included a U.S.-based spot digital asset trading market. As of May 31, 2024, the Cboe Digital spot market is closed for all participant and trading purposes. In addition, the Company plans to transition its cash-settled Bitcoin and Ether futures contracts, currently available for trading on the Cboe Digital Exchange, to CFE in the first half of 2025, pending regulatory review. The Company intends to continue to present Digital as a distinct reportable business segment through at least the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 General Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
 In broad terms, our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers, including macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, the regulatory environment for capital markets, geopolitical events, tax policies, central bank policies and changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry. We believe our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends, including: 
 trading volumes on our proprietary products such as VIX options and futures and SPX options; 
 trading volumes in listed equity securities, options, futures, and ETPs in North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific, clearing volumes in listed equity securities and ETPs in Europe, volumes in digital assets, and volumes in institutional FX trading; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 the demand for and pricing structure of the U.S. tape plan market data distributed by the Securities Information Processors SIPs ), which determines the pool size of the industry market data fees we receive based on our market share; 
 consolidation and expansion of our customers and competitors in the industry; 
 the demand for information about, or access to, our markets and products, which is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, quality and integrity of our proprietary indices, and the quality and pricing of our data and access and capacity services; 
 continuing pressure in transaction fee pricing due to intense competition in the North American, European, and Asia Pacific markets; 
 significant fluctuations in foreign currency translation rates or weakened value of currencies; and 
 regulatory changes and obligations relating to market structure, digital assets and increased capital or margin requirements, and those which affect certain types of instruments, transactions, products, pricing structures, capital market participants or reporting or compliance requirements. 
 A number of significant structural, political and monetary issues, global conflicts continue to confront the global economy, and instability could continue, resulting in an increased or subdued level of inflation, market volatility, potential recessions, supply chain constraints and costs, changes in trading volumes, greater uncertainty, inflationary increases in our expenses, and increased costs and uncertainties related to CAT and the ability to collect on the promissory notes related to the funding of CAT may have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 
 Components of Revenues 
 Cash and Spot Markets 
 Revenue aggregated into cash and spot markets includes associated transaction and clearing fees, the portion of market data fees relating to associated U.S. tape plan market data fees, associated regulatory fees, and associated other revenue from the Company s North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Global FX, and Digital segments. 
 Data and Access Solutions 
 Revenue aggregated into data and access solutions includes access and capacity fees, proprietary market data fees, and associated other revenue across the Company s six segments. 
 Derivatives Markets 
 Includes associated transaction and clearing fees, the portion of market data fees relating to associated U.S. tape plan market data fees, associated regulatory fees, and associated other fees from the Company s Options, Futures, Europe and Asia Pacific, and Digital segments. 
 
 Components of Cost of Revenues 
 Liquidity Payments 
 Liquidity payments are primarily correlated to the volume of securities traded on our markets. As stated above, we record the liquidity rebates paid to market participants providing liquidity, in the case of Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX, and Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives, and Cboe Digital, as cost of revenue. BYX and EDGA offer a pricing model where we rebate liquidity takers for executing against an order resting on our book, which is also recorded as a cost of revenues. On October 1, 2024 Cboe announced its plan to transition EDGA from an inverted fee model to a maker/taker fee model, effective November 1, 2024, subject to regulatory review. 
 Routing and Clearing 
 Various rules require that U.S. options and equities trade executions occur at the National Best Bid and Offer displayed by any exchange. Linkage order routing consists of the cost incurred to provide a service whereby Cboe equities and options exchanges deliver orders to other execution venues when there is a potential for obtaining a better execution price or when instructed to directly route an order to another venue by the order provider. The service affords exchange order flow providers an opportunity to obtain the best available execution price and may also result in cost benefits to those clients. Such an offering improves our competitive position and provides an opportunity to attract orders which would otherwise bypass our exchanges. We utilize third-party brokers or our broker-dealer, Cboe Trading, to facilitate such delivery. Also included within routing and clearing are the Order Management System OMS and Execution Management System 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 EMS fees incurred for U.S. Equities Off-Exchange order execution, as well as settlement costs incurred for the settlement process executed by Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Clear Digital. 
 Section 31 Fees 
 Exchanges under the authority of the SEC (Cboe Options, C2, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA as well as CFE to the extent that CFE offers trading in security futures products) are assessed fees pursuant to the Exchange Act designed to recover the costs to the U.S. government of supervision and regulation of securities markets and securities professionals. We treat these fees as a pass-through charge to customers executing eligible listed equities and listed equity options trades. Accordingly, we recognize the amount that we are charged under Section 31 as a cost of revenues and the corresponding amount that we charge our customers as regulatory transaction fees revenue. Since the regulatory transaction fees recorded in revenues are equal to the Section 31 fees recorded in cost of revenues, there is no impact on our operating income. Cboe Trading, Cboe Europe, Cboe NL, BIDS, Cboe FX, Cboe Australia, Cboe Japan, Cboe Digital, and Cboe Canada Inc. are not U.S. national securities exchanges and, accordingly, are not charged Section 31 fees. 
 Royalty Fees and Other Cost of Revenues 
 Royalty fees primarily consist of license fees paid by us for the use of underlying indices in our proprietary products usually based on contracts traded. The Company has licenses with the owners of the S P 500 Index, S P 100 Index and certain other S P indices, FTSE Russell indices, the DJIA, MSCI, and certain other index products. This category also includes fees related to the dissemination of market data related to S P indices and other products through Cboe Global Indices Feed CGIF ). 
 Other cost of revenues primarily consists of interest expense from clearing operations, electronic access permit fees and other miscellaneous costs associated with other revenue. 
 
 Components of Operating Expenses 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Compensation and benefits represent our largest expense category and tend to be driven by our staffing requirements, financial performance, and the general dynamics of the employment market. Stock-based compensation is a non-cash expense related to employee equity awards. Stock-based compensation can vary depending on the quantity and fair value of the award on the date of grant and the related service period. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense results from the depreciation of long-lived assets purchased, the amortization of purchased and internally developed software, and the amortization of intangible assets. 
 Technology Support Services 
 Technology support services consists primarily of costs related to the maintenance of computer equipment supporting our system architecture, circuits supporting our wide area network, support for production software, operating system license and support fees, fees paid to information vendors for displaying data and off-site system hosting fees. 
 Professional Fees and Outside Services 
 Professional fees and outside services consist primarily of consulting services, which include supplemental staff activities primarily related to systems development and maintenance, legal, regulatory and audit, and tax advisory services, as well as compensation paid to non-employee directors, including stock-based compensation and deferred compensation. 
 Travel and Promotional Expenses 
 Travel and promotional expenses primarily consist of advertising, costs for special events, sponsorship of industry conferences, options education seminars and travel-related expenses. 
 Facilities Costs 
 Facilities costs primarily consist of expenses related to owned and leased properties including rent, maintenance, utilities, real estate taxes and telecommunications costs. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisition-Related Costs 
 Acquisition-related costs relate to acquisitions and other strategic opportunities. The acquisition-related costs include fees for investment banking advisors, lawyers, accountants, tax advisors, public relations firms, severance and retention costs, and other external costs directly related to mergers and acquisitions. 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets 
 Impairment of intangible assets consists of charges to impair intangible assets if the carrying value exceeds the fair value. 
 Other Expenses 
 Other expenses represent costs necessary to support our operations that are not already included in the above categories, including, but not limited to, changes in contingent consideration. 
 
 Non-Operating (Expenses) Income 
 Income and expenses incurred through activities outside of our core operations are considered non-operating and are classified as other (expenses) income. These activities primarily include interest earned on the investing of excess cash, commitment fees and interest expense related to outstanding debt facilities, income and unrealized gains and losses related to investments held in a trust for the Company s non-qualified retirement and benefit plans, including non-employee director deferred compensation, realized gains and losses related to the Company s previously held minority investments, income earned related to the Company s minority investments, equity earnings or losses from our investments in other business ventures, impairment of the Company s investments, investment establishment costs associated with new business ventures, and gains/losses related to the dissolution of the Cboe Digital syndication. 
 
 Financial Summary 
 The following are summaries of changes in financial performance and include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Management uses these non-GAAP measures internally in conjunction with GAAP measures to help evaluate our performance and to help make financial and operational decisions. These non-GAAP financial measures assist management in comparing our performance on a consistent basis for purposes of business decision making by removing the impact of certain items management believes do not reflect our underlying operations. 
 We believe our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency into financial measures used by management and is useful to investors for period-to-period comparisons of our ongoing operating performance. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures are not presented in accordance with, or as an alternative to, GAAP financial measures and may be calculated differently from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. We encourage analysts, investors and other interested parties to use these non-GAAP measures as supplemental information to the GAAP financial measures included herein, including our condensed consolidated financial statements, to enhance their analysis and understanding of our performance and in making comparisons. Please see the footnotes below for definitions, additional information, and reconciliations from the closest GAAP measure. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The following summarizes changes in financial performance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. YTD represents the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: 

(1) These are Non-GAAP figures for which reconciliations are provided below (in millions, except percentages, earnings per share, and as noted below). 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 
 Percent 
 Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 
 Percent 
 Change 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenues 1,055.7 908.8 146.9 16 2,986.9 2,804.8 182.1 6 Total cost of revenues 523.7 428.3 95.4 22 1,439.0 1,385.8 53.2 4 Revenues less cost of revenues 532.0 480.5 51.5 11 1,547.9 1,419.0 128.9 9 Total operating expenses 224.6 209.3 15.3 7 748.0 655.1 92.9 14 Operating income 307.4 271.2 36.2 13 799.9 763.9 36.0 5 Income before income tax provision 309.0 270.1 38.9 14 804.1 760.1 44.0 6 Income tax provision 90.5 61.9 28.6 46 235.7 210.7 25.0 12 Net income 218.5 208.2 10.3 5 568.4 549.4 19.0 3 Basic earnings per share 2.08 1.96 0.12 6 5.38 5.17 0.21 4 Diluted earnings per share 2.07 1.95 0.12 6 5.36 5.15 0.21 4 EBITDA (1) 341.1 319.7 21.4 7 920.5 918.3 2.2 0 EBITDA margin (2) 64.1 66.5 (2.4) 59.5 64.7 (5.2) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 342.0 320.5 21.5 7 1,020.0 924.1 95.9 10 Adjusted EBITDA margin (3) 64.3 66.7 (2.4) 65.9 65.1 0.8 Adjusted earnings (4) 232.9 218.9 14.0 6 686.8 609.4 77.4 13 Adjusted earnings margin (4) 43.8 45.6 (1.8) 44.4 42.9 1.5 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 105.1 106.1 (1.0) (1) 105.6 106.2 (0.6) (1) Adjusted diluted earnings per share (5) 2.22 2.06 0.16 8 6.52 5.74 0.78 14 ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 (1) EBITDA is defined as income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA before acquisition-related costs, change in contingent consideration, impairment of intangible assets, loss (gain) on investment, costs related to the Cboe Digital wind down, gain on sale of property held for sale, contra-revenue associated with the Cboe Digital syndication wind down, gain on Cboe Digital non-recourse notes and warrants wind down, and income from investment. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA do not represent, and should not be considered as, alternatives to net income as determined in accordance with GAAP. We have presented EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA because we consider them important supplemental measures of our performance and believe that they are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. In addition, we use adjusted EBITDA as a measure of operating performance for preparation of our forecasts and evaluating our leverage ratio for the debt to earnings covenant included in our outstanding credit facility. Other companies may calculate EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA differently than we do. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 (3) Adjusted EBITDA margin represents adjusted EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 (4) Adjusted earnings is defined as net income adjusted for amortization of acquired intangible assets, acquisition-related costs, change in contingent consideration, impairment of intangible assets, loss (gain) on investment, costs related to the Cboe Digital wind down, loss (gain) on sale of property held for sale, contra-revenue associated with the Cboe Digital syndication wind down, gain on Cboe Digital non-recourse notes and warrants wind down, income from investment, certain tax reserve changes, and net income or loss allocated to participating securities, net of the income tax effects of these adjustments. Adjusted earnings does not represent, and should not be considered as, an alternative to net income or loss, as determined in accordance with GAAP. We have presented adjusted earnings because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our performance and we use it as the basis for monitoring our own core operating financial performance relative to other operators of exchanges. We also believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. We believe that investors may find this non-GAAP measure useful in evaluating our performance compared to that of peer companies in our industry. Other companies may calculate adjusted earnings differently than we do. Adjusted earnings has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 (5) Adjusted diluted earnings per share represents adjusted earnings divided by diluted weighted average shares outstanding. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a reconciliation of net income allocated to common stockholders to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA (in millions) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Futures Global FX Digital Corporate Total Net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders 220.0 43.9 11.3 29.3 9.2 (5.2) (91.1) 217.4 Interest expense (income), net (0.1) (0.7) 0.8 (0.9) 2.3 1.4 Income tax provision (benefit) 0.7 (0.6) 90.4 90.5 Depreciation and amortization 6.6 14.1 7.2 0.6 3.1 0.1 0.1 31.8 EBITDA 226.5 58.0 18.7 29.9 12.3 (6.0) 1.7 341.1 Acquisition-related costs 0.1 (0.1) Change in contingent consideration (1.0) 0.1 (0.9) Loss (gain) on investment 1.0 1.0 Costs related to Cboe Digital wind down 0.8 0.8 Adjusted EBITDA 226.5 57.1 18.7 29.9 12.3 (5.3) 2.8 342.0 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Futures Global FX Digital Corporate Total Net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders 212.8 34.5 2.2 24.2 8.5 (11.8) (63.3) 207.1 Interest expense (income), net (0.4) 1.1 (0.7) 11.9 11.9 Income tax provision (benefit) 0.7 (0.9) 62.1 61.9 Depreciation and amortization 9.1 16.3 7.4 0.2 3.8 1.9 0.1 38.8 EBITDA 221.9 51.1 9.8 24.4 12.3 (10.6) 10.8 319.7 Acquisition-related costs 0.3 0.2 0.2 0.1 0.8 Adjusted EBITDA 221.9 51.4 10.0 24.4 12.3 (10.4) 10.9 320.5 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a reconciliation of net income allocated to common stockholders to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA (in millions) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Futures Global FX Digital Corporate Total Net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders 650.9 126.0 29.7 77.5 24.9 (101.5) (242.1) 565.4 Interest expense (income), net (0.2) (1.5) 2.9 (3.1) 20.4 18.5 Income tax provision (benefit) 2.4 (2.2) 235.5 235.7 Depreciation and amortization 20.1 44.2 21.7 1.8 10.4 2.6 0.1 100.9 EBITDA 670.8 171.1 52.1 79.3 35.3 (102.0) 13.9 920.5 Acquisition-related costs 0.3 0.3 0.1 0.5 1.2 Change in contingent consideration (1.0) 3.1 2.1 Impairment of intangible assets 81.0 81.0 Loss (gain) on investment 17.0 17.0 Costs related to Cboe Digital wind down 1.6 1.6 Gain on sale of property held for sale (1.0) (1.0) Gain on Cboe Digital non-recourse notes and warrants wind down (1.4) (1.4) Cboe Digital syndication wind down (1.0) (1.0) Adjusted EBITDA 669.8 170.4 52.4 79.3 35.3 (21.7) 34.5 1,020.0 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Options North American Equities Europe and Asia Pacific Futures Global FX Digital Corporate Total Net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders 615.5 83.8 16.7 63.3 17.8 (32.5) (217.9) 546.7 Interest expense (income), net (1.0) 3.7 (0.1) (1.3) 39.6 40.9 Income tax provision (benefit) 2.9 (1.8) 0.3 (1.0) 210.3 210.7 Depreciation and amortization 22.7 52.5 23.9 1.4 13.9 5.5 0.1 120.0 EBITDA 638.2 138.2 42.5 64.7 31.9 (29.3) 32.1 918.3 Acquisition-related costs 1.2 1.1 1.0 4.6 7.9 Income from investment (2.1) (2.1) Adjusted EBITDA 638.2 139.4 43.6 64.7 31.9 (28.3) 34.6 924.1 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a reconciliation of net income allocated to common stockholders to adjusted earnings (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income allocated to common stockholders 217.4 207.1 565.4 546.7 Acquisition-related costs 0.8 1.2 7.9 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 20.7 28.2 68.1 88.4 Gain on Cboe Digital non-recourse notes and warrants wind down (1.4) Cboe Digital syndication wind down (1.0) Change in contingent consideration (0.9) 2.1 Impairment of intangible assets 81.0 Loss (gain) on investment 1.0 17.0 Costs related to Cboe Digital wind down 0.8 1.6 Gain on sale of property held for sale (1.0) Income from investment (2.1) Tax effect of adjustments (4.7) (6.9) (44.3) (23.3) Increase of tax reserves (1.6) (10.2) (5.6) (7.9) Valuation allowances 0.3 4.4 Net income allocated to participating securities (0.1) (0.1) (0.7) (0.3) Adjusted earnings 232.9 218.9 686.8 609.4 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 The following summarizes changes in certain operational and financial metrics for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

58 

Table of Contents 

 The following summarizes changes in certain operational and financial metrics for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (continued fro m previous page): 

59 

Table of Contents 

 The following table includes operational and financial metrics for our Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, and Global FX segments. The following summarizes changes in certain operational and financial metrics for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except percentages, trading days, and as noted below) (in millions, except percentages, trading days, and as noted below) Options: Average daily volume (ADV) (in millions of contracts): Market ADV 48.7 43.4 5.3 12 47.4 44.1 3.3 7 Total touched contracts (1) 14.9 14.6 0.3 2 14.7 14.5 0.2 1 Multi-listed contract ADV 10.7 10.8 (0.1) (2) 10.6 10.8 (0.2) (2) Index contract ADV 4.2 3.7 0.5 13 4.1 3.7 0.4 12 Number of trading days 64 63 1 2 188 187 1 1 Total Options revenue per contract (RPC) (2) 0.298 0.270 0.028 10 0.298 0.269 0.029 11 Multi-listed options RPC (2) 0.063 0.055 0.008 15 0.063 0.060 0.003 5 Index options RPC (2) 0.892 0.894 (0.002) (0) 0.901 0.887 0.014 2 Total Options market share 30.5 33.6 (3.1) 31.0 32.9 (1.9) Multi-listed options market share 24.0 27.4 (3.4) 24.5 26.8 (2.3) North American Equities: U.S. Equities: U.S. Equities - Exchange: ADV: Total touched shares (in billions) (1) 1.3 1.4 (0.1) (5) 1.4 1.5 (0.1) (2) Market ADV (in billions) 11.5 10.4 1.1 10 11.7 11.0 0.7 6 Market share 10.9 12.7 (1.8) 11.7 12.7 (1.0) U.S. Equities - Exchange (net capture per one hundred touched shares) (3) 0.024 0.022 0.002 6 0.023 0.020 0.003 12 U.S. ETPs: launches (number of launches) 84 33 51 155 182 74 108 146 U.S. ETPs: listings (number of listings) 826 634 192 30 826 634 192 30 U.S. Equities - Off-Exchange: ADV: Total touched shares (in millions) (1) 79.3 73.8 5.5 7 78.7 80.6 (1.9) (2) U.S. Equities - Off-Exchange (net capture per one hundred touched shares) (4) 0.135 0.125 0.010 9 0.135 0.120 0.015 13 Trading days 64 63 1 2 188 187 1 1 Canadian Equities: ADV (matched shares, in millions) (5) 135.9 127.5 8.4 7 144.3 134.2 10.1 8 Trading days 63 62 1 2 189 188 1 1 Net capture (per 10,000 touched shares, in Canadian dollars) (6) 4.240 3.976 0.264 7 4.091 4.024 0.067 2 Europe and Asia Pacific: European Equities: ADNV: Matched ADNV (Euros - in billions) (7) 9.3 8.0 1.3 16 9.6 9.5 0.1 1 Market ADNV (in billions) 38.9 34.3 4.6 13 41.0 39.6 1.4 4 Trading days 66 65 1 2 193 193 Market share 23.8 23.2 0.6 23.3 24.0 (0.7) Net capture (per matched notional value (bps), in Euros) (8) 0.257 0.232 0.025 11 0.252 0.224 0.028 13 Cboe Clear Europe: Trades cleared (9) 306.9 255.2 51.7 20 900.2 890.1 10.1 1 Fee per trade cleared (10) 0.008 0.010 (0.002) (15) 0.008 0.009 (0.001) (8) European equities market share cleared (11) 37.2 33.8 3.4 36.2 33.9 2.3 Net settlement volume (12) 2.9 2.5 0.4 19 8.2 7.5 0.7 9 Net fee per settlement (13) 1.026 0.927 0.099 11 1.044 0.923 0.121 13 Australian Equities: ADNV (AUD - in billions) 0.8 0.7 0.1 28 0.8 0.7 0.1 13 Trading days 66 65 1 2 190 189 1 1 Market share - Continuous 20.8 17.9 2.9 20.7 18.2 2.5 Net capture (per matched notional value (bps), in Australian Dollars) (14) 0.156 0.155 0.001 0 0.155 0.158 (0.003) (2) Japanese Equities: ADNV (JPY - in billions) 323.3 148.7 174.6 117 318.2 172.0 146.2 85 Trading days 62 62 182 184 (2) (1) Market share - Lit Continuous 5.4 3.3 2.1 5.3 4.0 1.3 Net capture (per matched notional value (bps), in Yen) (15) 0.220 0.257 (0.037) (14) 0.225 0.252 (0.027) (11) Futures: ADV (in thousands) 273.7 230.0 43.7 19 249.6 219.8 29.8 14 Trading days 64 63 1 2 188 187 1 1 Revenue per contract 1.767 1.753 0.014 1 1.759 1.765 (0.006) (0) Global FX: ADNV - in billions) 48.3 44.4 3.9 9 47.1 44.0 3.1 7 Market share 19.1 20.2 (1.1) 19.8 19.6 0.2 Trading days 66 65 1 2 195 195 Net capture (per one million dollars traded) (16) 2.66 2.64 0.02 1 2.66 2.65 0.01 0 Average British pound/U.S. dollar exchange rate 1.301 1.266 0.035 3 1.277 1.244 0.033 3 Average Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar exchange rate 0.733 0.745 (0.012) (2) 0.735 0.743 (0.008) (1) Average Euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate 1.099 1.088 0.011 1 1.087 1.083 0.004 0 Average Euro/British pound exchange rate 0.845 0.860 (0.015) (2) 0.851 0.871 (0.020) (2) Average Australian dollar/U.S. dollar exchange rate 0.670 0.654 0.016 2 0.662 0.669 (0.007) (1) Average Japanese Yen/U.S. dollar exchange rate 0.007 0.007 (3) 0.007 0.007 (9) _____________________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Note, the Digital segment is not included as results were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Note, the percent change listed represents the change in the unrounded metrics figures. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Touched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs internally matched on our exchanges or routed to and executed on an external market center. 
 (2) Average revenue per contract, for options and futures, represents total net transaction fees recognized for the period divided by total contracts traded during the period. 
 (3) Net capture per one hundred touched shares refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA and the number of trading days. 
 (4) Net capture per one hundred touched shares refers to transaction fees less order and execution management system (OMS/EMS) fees and clearing costs divided by the product of one-hundredth ADV of touched shares on BIDS Trading and the number of trading days for the period. 
 (5) Matched volume represents the total number of shares of equity securities and ETFs activity executed on our exchanges. 
 (6) Net capture per 10,000 touched shares refers to transaction fees divided by the product of one-ten thousandth ADV of shares for Cboe Canada Inc. and the number of trading days. 
 (7) Matched ADNV represents the average daily notional value of shares or contracts executed on our exchanges. 
 (8) Net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in British pounds divided by the product of ADNV in British pounds of shares matched on Cboe Europe Equities and the number of trading days. 
 (9) Trades cleared refers to the total number of non-interoperable trades cleared. 
 (10) Fee per trade cleared refers to clearing fees divided by number of non-interoperable trades cleared. 
 (11) European Equities market share cleared represents Cboe Clear Europe s client volume cleared divided by the total volume of the publicly reported European venues. 
 (12) Net settlement volume refers to the total number of settlements executed after netting. 
 (13) Net fee per settlement refers to settlement fees less direct costs incurred to settle divided by the number of settlements executed after netting. 
 (14) Net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Australian dollars divided by the product of ADNV in Australian dollars of shares matched on Cboe Australia and the number of Australian Equities trading days. 
 (15) Net capture per matched notional value refers to transaction fees less liquidity payments in Japanese Yen divided by the product of ADNV in Japanese Yen of shares matched on Cboe Japan and the number of Japanese Equities trading days. 
 (16) Net capture per one million dollars traded refers to net transaction fees less liquidity payments, if any, divided by the Spot and SEF products of one-thousandth of ADNV traded on the Cboe FX Markets and the number of trading days, divided by two, which represents the buyer and seller that are both charged on the transaction. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues 
 Total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 146.9 million, or 16 , compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in cash and spot markets and derivatives markets revenue, driven by an increase in the Section 31 fee rate following a rate change in May 2024, coupled with an increase in transaction and clearing fees, driven by increased volumes traded on the Cboe Options and European Equities exchanges, as well as pricing changes on the U.S. Equities exchanges. Total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 182.1 million, or 6 , compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in cash and spot markets and derivatives markets revenue, driven by an increase in the Section 31 fee rate following rate changes in 2023 and 2024, an increase in transaction and clearing fees, driven by increased volumes traded on the Cboe Options and Futures exchanges, and an increase in other revenue attributable to Cboe Clear Europe. 
 The following summarizes changes in revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent 
 Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent 
 Change 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash and spot markets 434.1 335.1 99.0 30 1,201.4 1,083.4 118.0 11 Data and access solutions 145.6 137.0 8.6 6 427.9 401.7 26.2 7 Derivatives markets 476.0 436.7 39.3 9 1,357.6 1,319.7 37.9 3 Total revenues 1,055.7 908.8 146.9 16 2,986.9 2,804.8 182.1 6 
 Cash and Spot Markets 
 Cash and spot markets revenue increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in regulatory fees, transaction and clearing fees, and other revenue, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees. Regulatory fees increased primarily due to a 248 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 8.00 per million dollars of covered sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to an average rate of 27.80 per million dollars of covered sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to pricing changes in North American Equities, a 16 increase in European Equities matched ADNV, a 9 increase in Global FX ADNV, a 20 increase in trades cleared by Cboe Clear Europe, and a 117 increase in Japanese Equities ADNV. Other revenue increased primarily due to an increase in interest income attributable to Cboe Clear Europe as a result of the changing interest rate environment, coupled with additional interest earned due to a change in its investment policy. See Note 12 Clearing Operations for additional information. Industry market data fees decreased primarily due to a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue as a result of a 2 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges. 
 Cash and spot markets revenue increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in regulatory fees, other revenue, and transaction and clearing fees, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees. Regulatory fees increased primarily due to a 57 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 11.14 per million dollars of covered sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to an average rate of 17.50 per million dollars of covered sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Other revenue increased primarily due to an increase in interest income attributable to Cboe Clear Europe as a result of the changing interest rate environment, coupled with additional interest earned due to a change in its investment policy. See Note 12 Clearing Operations for additional information. Transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to a 7 increase in Global FX ADNV, pricing changes in North American Equities, a 1 increase in European Equities matched ADNV, an 85 increase in Japanese Equities ADNV, and a 1 increase in trades cleared by Cboe Clear Europe. Industry market data fees decreased primarily due to a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue driven by a 1 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges. 
 Data and Access Solutions 
 Data and access solutions revenue increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in access and capacity fees and proprietary market data fees. Access and capacity fees increased primarily due to increased logical and physical port fees in the North American Equities, Options, and Europe and Asia Pacific segments, driven by increased customer demand, led by the new North American Equities' dedicated cores product. Proprietary market data fees increased primarily due to increases in proprietary market data fees in the Options and Europe and Asia Pacific segments. 
 Data and access solutions revenue increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in proprietary market data fees and access and capacity fees within the Options, 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 North American Equities, and Europe and Asia Pacific segments. Access and capacity fees increased primarily due to increased physical and logical port fees in the Options, North American Equities, and Europe and Asia Pacific segments, driven by increased customer demand. Proprietary market data fees increased primarily due to increases in proprietary market data fees in the Options and Europe and Asia Pacific segments. 
 Derivatives Markets 
 Derivatives markets revenue increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in transaction and clearing fees and regulatory fees. Transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to a 13 increase in index options ADV, coupled with a 19 increase in Futures ADV, partially offset by a 2 decrease in multi-listed options ADV. Regulatory fees increased primarily due to a 248 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 8.00 per million dollars of covered sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to an average rate of 27.80 per million dollars of covered sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Derivatives markets revenue increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in transaction and clearing fees and regulatory fees. Transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to 12 increase in index options ADV, coupled with a 14 increase in Futures ADV, partially offset by a 2 decrease in multi-listed options ADV. Regulatory fees increased primarily due to a 57 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 11.14 per million dollars of covered sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to an average rate of 17.50 per million dollars of covered sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenues 
 The following tables reconcile the disaggregated cost of revenues captions presented on the condensed consolidated statements of income to the net revenue captions presented on the condensed consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Liquidity payments 198.9 118.7 317.6 Routing and clearing fees 12.7 4.7 17.4 Section 31 fees 106.4 23.1 129.5 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues 12.8 3.1 43.3 59.2 Total cost of revenues 330.8 3.1 189.8 523.7 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Liquidity payments 192.3 131.4 323.7 Routing and clearing fees 12.0 5.8 17.8 Section 31 fees 29.1 7.0 36.1 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues 9.6 2.3 38.8 50.7 Total cost of revenues 243.0 2.3 183.0 428.3 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Liquidity payments 613.8 349.6 963.4 Routing and clearing fees 37.1 12.9 50.0 Section 31 fees 204.2 45.1 249.3 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues 42.0 8.1 126.2 176.3 Total cost of revenues 897.1 8.1 533.8 1,439.0 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash and Spot Markets Data and Access Solutions Derivatives Markets Total Liquidity payments 620.3 412.6 1,032.9 Routing and clearing fees 39.0 23.6 62.6 Section 31 fees 119.2 26.3 145.5 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues 25.3 6.8 112.7 144.8 Total cost of revenues 803.8 6.8 575.2 1,385.8 
 Total cost of revenues increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increased cash and spot markets and derivatives markets cost of revenues, as a result of an increase in the Section 31 fee rate, partially offset by a decrease in liquidity payments on the Cboe Options exchanges, as a result of decreases in multi-listed options market share and ADV. 
 Total cost of revenues increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increased cash and spot markets cost of revenues, as a result of an increase in the Section 31 fee rate, coupled with an increase in other cost of revenues, as a result of an increase in interest expense related to Cboe Clear Europe, and an increase in royalty fees due to increased royalties for licensed products, partially offset by a decrease in liquidity payments on the Cboe Options exchanges as a result of a decrease in multi-listed options market share and ADV. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 The following summarizes changes in the disaggregated cost of revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent 
 Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent 
 Change 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Liquidity payments 317.6 323.7 (6.1) (2) 963.4 1,032.9 (69.5) (7) Routing and clearing 17.4 17.8 (0.4) (2) 50.0 62.6 (12.6) (20) Section 31 fees 129.5 36.1 93.4 259 249.3 145.5 103.8 71 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues 59.2 50.7 8.5 17 176.3 144.8 31.5 22 Total cost of revenues 523.7 428.3 95.4 22 1,439.0 1,385.8 53.2 4 
 Liquidity Payments 
 Liquidity payments decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in liquidity payments on the Cboe Options exchanges as a result of a 3 decline in market share and a 2 decrease in ADV for multi-listed options, partially offset by an increase in liquidity payments on U.S Equities exchanges as a result of pricing changes and a shift in volumes of certain market participants. 
 Liquidity payments decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in liquidity payments on the Cboe Options exchanges, as a result of a 2 decline in market share and a 2 decrease in ADV for multi-listed options. 
 Routing and Clearing 
 Routing and clearing fees decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in routed trades on the Cboe Options exchanges. Routing and clearing fees decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in routed trades on the Cboe Options exchanges, coupled with a decrease in routed shares on the Cboe U.S Equities exchanges. 
 Section 31 Fees 
 Section 31 fees increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a 248 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 8.00 per million dollars of covered sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to an average rate of 27.80 per million dollars of covered sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Section 31 fees increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a 57 increase in the Section 31 fee rate, from an average rate of 11.14 per million dollars of covered sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to an average rate of 17.50 per million dollars of covered sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Royalty Fees and Other Cost of Revenues 
 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in trading volumes of licensed products in the Options segment, coupled with an increase in operating interest expense attributable to Cboe Clear Europe as a result of the changing interest rate environment and a change in its investment policy. See Note 12 Clearing Operations for additional information on Cboe Clear Europe s investment policy. 
 Royalty fees and other cost of revenues increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in operating interest expense attributable to Cboe Clear Europe as a result of the changing interest rate environment and a change in its investment policy, coupled with an increase in trading volumes of licensed products in the Options segment. See Note 12 Clearing Operations for additional information on Cboe Clear Europe s investment policy. 
 
 Revenues Less Cost of Revenues 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 51.5 million, or 11 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in derivatives markets revenues less cost of revenues, driven by an increase in net capture and volumes on the Options, European Equities, and Futures exchanges, coupled with an increase in access and capacity fees across segments, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 128.9 million, or 9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in derivatives markets revenues less cost of revenues, driven by an increase in net capture and volumes on the Options, European Equities, Futures, and North American Equities exchanges, an increase in access and capacity fees across segments, and an increase in net other revenue attributable to Cboe Clear Europe, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees. 
 The following summarizes the components of revenues less cost of revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent 
 Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent 
 Change 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash and spot markets 103.3 92.1 11.2 12 304.3 279.6 24.7 9 Data and access solutions 142.5 134.7 7.8 6 419.8 394.9 24.9 6 Derivatives markets 286.2 253.7 32.5 13 823.8 744.5 79.3 11 Total revenues less cost of revenues 532.0 480.5 51.5 11 1,547.9 1,419.0 128.9 9 
 Cash and Spot Markets 
 Cash and spot markets revenues less cost of revenues increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in transaction and clearing fees less liquidity payments and routing and clearing costs net transaction and clearing fees in the Europe and Asia Pacific, North American Equities, and Global FX segments, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees. Net transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to a 16 increase in European Equities matched ADNV, a 6 increase in U.S. Equities net capture, and a 9 increase in Global FX ADNV, partially offset by a 5 decrease in total touched shares on the U.S. Equities exchanges. Industry market data fees decreased primarily due a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue driven by a 2 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges. 
 Cash and spot markets revenues less cost of revenues increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in net transaction and clearing fees in the North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, and Global FX segments and an increase in net other revenue, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees. Net transaction and clearing fees increased primarily due to a 12 increase in U.S. Equities net capture, a 13 increase in European Equities net capture, a 7 increase in Global FX ADNV, and an 85 increase in Japanese Equities ADNV. Net other revenue increased primarily due to an increase in operating interest income attributable to Cboe Clear Europe as a result of the changing interest rate environment and additional interest income due to a change in its investment policy. See Note 12 Clearing Operations for additional information on Cboe Clear Europe s investment policy. Industry market data fees decreased primarily due a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue driven by a 1 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges. 
 Data and Access Solutions 
 Data and access solutions revenues less cost of revenues increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in access and capacity fees and proprietary market data fees. Access and capacity fees increased primarily due to increased physical and logical port fees in the North American Equities, Options, and Europe and Asia Pacific segments, driven by increased customer demand, led by the new North American Equities' dedicated cores product. Proprietary market data fees increased primarily due to increases in proprietary market data fees in the Options, Europe and Asia Pacific, and Futures segments. 
 Data and access solutions revenues less cost of revenues increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in access and capacity fees and proprietary market data fees. Access and capacity fees increased primarily due to increased physical and logical port fees in the Options, North American Equities, and Europe and Asia Pacific segments, both driven by increased customer demand. Proprietary market data fees increased primarily due to increases in proprietary market data fees in the Options, North American Equities, and Europe and Asia Pacific segments. 
 Derivatives Markets 
 Derivatives markets revenues less cost of revenues increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 13 increase in index options ADV, a 15 increase in multi-listed options RPC, and a 19 increase in Futures ADV, partially offset by an increase in royalty fees due to an increase in trading volumes of licensed products in the Options segment. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Derivatives markets revenues less cost of revenues increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 12 increase in index options ADV, a 2 increase in index options RPC, and a 14 increase in Futures ADV, partially offset by an increase in royalty fees due to an increase in trading volumes of licensed products in the Options segment. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Total operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 increased 15.3 million, or 7 , primarily due to an increase in compensation and benefits, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization. Total operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 increased 92.9 million, or 14 , primarily due to the impairment of intangible assets charge recorded to the Digital segment in the second quarter of 2024. 
 The following summarizes changes in operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase/ (Decrease) Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Compensation and benefits 119.1 96.1 23.0 24 350.5 313.0 37.5 12 Depreciation and amortization 31.8 38.8 (7.0) (18) 100.9 120.0 (19.1) (16) Technology support services 25.5 25.0 0.5 2 74.3 75.5 (1.2) (2) Professional fees and outside services 21.9 24.4 (2.5) (10) 69.2 68.7 0.5 1 Travel and promotional expenses 12.6 8.9 3.7 42 29.4 28.6 0.8 3 Facilities costs 5.9 6.2 (0.3) (5) 18.5 20.0 (1.5) (8) Acquisition-related costs 0.8 (0.8) (100) 1.2 7.9 (6.7) (85) Impairment of intangible assets 81.0 81.0 100 Other expenses 7.8 9.1 (1.3) (14) 23.0 21.4 1.6 7 Total operating expenses 224.6 209.3 15.3 7 748.0 655.1 92.9 14 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Compensation and benefits increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an 8.9 million increase in equity compensation as a result of expense reversals related to executive departures in 2023 that did not recur in 2024, a 4.8 million increase in bonuses due to strong Company performance year to date, a 4.2 million increase in benefits related to an increase in the market value of the non-qualified deferral plan assets and increases in payroll benefits, and a 3.3 million increase in salaries and wages primarily due to merit increases. Compensation and benefits increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a 13.7 million increase in salaries and wages primarily due to merit increases, a 10.0 million increase in bonuses due to strong Company performance year to date, a 6.7 million increase in benefits related to increases in payroll benefits and an increase in the market value of the non-qualified deferral plan assets, and a 4.1 million increase in equity compensation as a result of expense reversals related to executive departures in 2023 that did not recur in 2024, partially offset by a change in the retirement vesting requirements for new equity award agreements. See Note 17 ("Stock-Based Compensation") for additional information. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 due to a decline in amortization under the discounted cash flow method for the intangibles acquired in the Merger as well as a decrease in amortization as a result of the Cboe Digital impairment in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Technology Support Services 
 Technology support services increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to increases in software maintenance, cloud services, and software licenses and subscriptions, partially offset by decreases in hardware purchases, network and phone connectivity and hardware maintenance. Technology support services decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to decreases in hardware purchases and maintenance and network and phone connectivity, partially offset by increases in software maintenance, market data, software licenses and subscriptions, and cloud services. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Professional Fees and Outside Services 
 Professional fees and outside services decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to decreases in legal fees and contract services. Professional fees and outside services increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to same period in 2023 primarily due to increases in legal fees, contract services, and consulting fees, partially offset by decreases in regulatory costs related to CAT fees. 
 Travel and Promotional Expenses 
 Travel and promotional expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to increases in marketing and advertising expenses driven by the Company s advertising campaigns and sponsorships and travel expenses. 
 Facilities Costs 
 Facilities costs decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in office rent, utilities, and accrued real estate taxes. Facilities costs decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in accrued real estate taxes. 
 Acquisition-Related Costs 
 Acquisition-related costs decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in professional fees and retention-related compensation costs associated with prior acquisitions. 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets 
 Impairment of intangible assets increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to the impairment of intangible assets recognized in the Digital segment in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Other Expenses 
 Other expenses decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in contingent consideration related to prior acquisitions and a decrease in bad debt expense provisions compared to the same period in 2023. Other expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in contingent consideration related to prior acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease in bad debt expense provisions compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Operating Income 
 As a result of the items above, operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 307.4 million, compared to operating income of 271.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 36.2 million. 
 As a result of the items above, operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 799.9 million, compared to operating income of 763.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 36.0 million. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to repayments on the Term Loan in 2023, which was paid off in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to a one-time true up of interest earned from available-for-sale securities, coupled with increases in interest rates in 2024. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Earnings on Investments 
 Earnings on investments decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to decreases of 11.0 million and 7.3 million, respectively, in the equity earnings on the Company s investment in 7Ridge Fund (which owns Trading Technologies) recorded in 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023, partially offset by an increase in income on the Company's deferred compensation plan assets. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Net other income increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to 3.0 million in dividend income from the Company s minority ownership of Vest Financial Group, Inc. Vest ), partially offset by a 1.2 million impairment charge for the Company's minority investment in StratiFi Technologies Inc. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in net other income was driven by a 16.0 million impairment charge for the Company's minority investment in Globacap Technology Limited recorded in the second quarter of 2024, partially offset by a 5.0 million increase in dividend income related to Vest in 2024. 
 Income Before Income Tax Provision 
 As a result of the above, income before income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 309.0 million, compared to income before income tax provision of 270.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 38.9 million. 
 As a result of the above, income before income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 804.1 million, compared to income before income tax provision of 760.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 44.0 million. 
 Income Tax Provision 
 The effective tax rate from continuing operations was 29.3 and 22.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 29.3 and 27.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The higher effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 is primarily due to releases of penalties and interest associated with Section 199 positions in 2023. 
 Net Income 
 As a result of the items above, net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 218.5 million, compared to net income of 208.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 10.3 million. 
 As a result of the items above, net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 568.4 million, compared to net income of 549.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 19.0 million. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Operating Results 
 We report results from our six segments: Options, North American Equities, Europe and Asia Pacific, Futures, Global FX, and Digital. Segment performance is primarily based on operating income. We have aggregated all corporate costs, as well as other business ventures, within Corporate Items and Eliminations as those activities should not be used to evaluate a segment s operating performance. All operating expenses that relate to activities of a specific segment have been allocated to that segment. Operating expenses increased or decreased in certain segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to changes in the allocation of shared-service expenses. 
 The following summarizes our total revenues by segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 
 Note, the chart excludes Digital revenues of (0.2) million and (3.1) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Options 510.3 474.2 8 48 52 1,470.0 1,431.8 3 49 51 North American Equities 403.6 317.1 27 38 35 1,106.5 1,017.5 9 37 37 Europe and Asia Pacific 81.1 66.8 21 8 7 243.4 207.4 17 8 7 Futures 39.9 33.4 19 4 4 107.2 95.5 12 4 3 Global FX 20.7 18.7 11 2 2 60.0 55.7 8 2 2 Digital 0.1 (1.4) 107 (0.2) (3.1) 94 Total revenues 1,055.7 908.8 16 100 100 2,986.9 2,804.8 6 100 100 ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 The following summarizes our revenues less cost of revenues by segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 
 Note, the chart excludes Digital revenues less cost of revenues of (1.5) million and (4.2) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Less Cost of Revenues Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Less Cost of Revenues Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Options 320.9 290.8 10 60 60 935.0 854.7 9 60 60 North American Equities 98.0 95.1 3 18 20 288.9 279.0 4 19 20 Europe and Asia Pacific 55.6 45.6 22 11 9 164.0 142.2 15 10 10 Futures 38.0 32.4 17 7 7 103.3 92.7 11 7 6 Global FX 20.0 18.3 9 4 4 58.2 54.6 7 4 4 Digital (0.5) (1.7) 71 (1.5) (4.2) 64 Total revenues less cost of revenues 532.0 480.5 11 100 100 1,547.9 1,419.0 9 100 100 ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Options 
 The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin for our Options segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues less cost of revenues 320.9 290.8 10 63 61 935.0 854.7 9 64 60 Operating expenses 99.7 76.9 30 20 16 281.4 236.1 19 19 16 Operating income 221.2 213.9 3 43 45 653.6 618.6 6 44 43 EBITDA (1) 226.5 221.9 2 44 47 670.8 638.2 5 46 45 EBITDA margin (2) 70.6 76.3 71.7 74.7 ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) See footnote (1) to the table under Financial Summary above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. 
 (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 30.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 13 increase in index options ADV, coupled with a 15 increase in multi-listed options RPC, partially offset by an increase in royalty fees due to an increase in trading volumes of licensed products and a 2 decrease in multi-listed options ADV. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the Options segment increased 7.3 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. Operating expenses increased 22.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits and travel and promotional expenses, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 80.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 12 increase in index options ADV, a 5 increase in multi-listed options RPC, and a 2 increase in index options RPC, coupled with an increase in physical and logical port fees, partially offset by an increase in royalty fees due to an increase in trading volumes of licensed products and a 2 decrease in multi-listed options ADV. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the Options segment increased 35.0 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. Operating expenses increased 45.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, professional fees and outside services, travel and promotional expenses, and technology support services, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 North American Equities 
 The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin for our North American Equities segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Total Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, Percentage of Total Revenues Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Percent Change 2024 2023 Revenues less cost of revenues 98.0 95.1 3 24 30 288.9 279.0 4 26 27 Operating expenses 53.9 60.2 (10) 13 19 161.5 192.9 (16) 15 19 Operating income 44.1 34.9 26 11 11 127.4 86.1 48 12 8 EBITDA (1) 58.0 51.1 14 14 16 171.1 138.2 24 15 14 EBITDA margin (2) 59.2 53.7 59.2 49.5 ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) See footnote (1) to the table under Financial Summary above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. 
 (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 2.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 6 increase in U.S. Equities net capture and an increase in logical port fees, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees driven by a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue as a result of a 2 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges and a decrease of 5 in U.S. Equities total touched shares. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the North American Equities segment increased 9.2 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in operating expenses, coupled with an increase in revenues less cost of revenues. Operating expenses decreased 6.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to decreases in professional fees and outside services, depreciation and amortization, and other expenses driven by a decrease in contingent consideration. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 9.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 12 increase in U.S. Equities net capture, an increase in physical and logical port fees, and an increase in proprietary market data revenue, partially offset by a decrease in industry market data fees driven by a decrease in U.S. tape plan revenue as a result of a 1 decline in market share on the U.S. Equities exchanges and a decrease of 2 in U.S. Equities total touched shares. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the North American Equities segment increased 41.3 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to a decrease in operating expenses, coupled with an increase in revenues less cost of revenues. Operating expenses decreased 31.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to decreases in depreciation and amortization, professional fees and outside services, compensation and benefits, and technology support services. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Europe and Asia Pacific 
 The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin for our Europe and Asia Pacific segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues less cost of revenues 55.6 45.6 22 69 68 164.0 142.2 15 67 69 Operating expenses 44.3 43.0 3 55 64 133.3 122.8 9 55 59 Operating income 11.3 2.6 335 14 4 30.7 19.4 58 13 9 EBITDA (1) 18.7 9.8 91 23 15 52.1 42.5 23 21 20 EBITDA margin (2) 33.6 21.5 31.8 29.9 ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) See footnote (1) to the table under Financial Summary above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. 
 (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 10.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by an 11 increase in European Equities net capture, a 117 increase in Japanese Equities ADNV, and an 11 increase in net fee per settlement by Cboe Clear Europe, coupled with an increase in operating interest income attributable to Cboe Clear Europe. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the Europe and Asia Pacific segment increased 8.7 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. Operating expenses increased 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in compensation and benefits, partially offset by decreases in facilities costs, technology support services, and depreciation and amortization. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 21.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 13 increase in European Equities net capture, an 85 increase in Japanese Equities ADNV, a 13 increase in net fee per settlement by Cboe Clear Europe, and an increase in operating interest income attributable to Cboe Clear Europe. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the Europe and Asia Pacific segment increased 11.3 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. Operating expenses increased 10.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to increases in compensation and benefits, professional fees and outside services, and technology support services, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Futures 
 The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin for our Futures segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage 
 of Total 
 Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues less cost of revenues 38.0 32.4 17 95 97 103.3 92.7 11 96 97 Operating expenses 8.6 8.1 6 22 24 25.5 29.1 (12) 24 30 Operating income 29.4 24.3 21 74 73 77.8 63.6 22 73 67 EBITDA (1) 29.9 24.4 23 75 73 79.3 64.7 23 74 68 EBITDA margin (2) 78.7 75.3 76.8 69.8 
 ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) See footnote (1) to the table under Financial Summary above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. 
 (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 5.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees as a result of a 19 increase in ADV and a 1 increase in RPC. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the Futures segment increased 5.1 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. Operating expenses increased 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in compensation and benefits. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 10.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees as a result of a 14 increase in ADV. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the Futures segment increased 14.2 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, coupled with a decrease in operating expenses. Operating expenses decreased 3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to decreases in compensation and benefits, professional fees and outside services, travel and promotional expenses, and technology support services. 
 Global FX 
 The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating income, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin for our Global FX segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage 
 of Total 
 Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues less cost of revenues 20.0 18.3 9 97 98 58.2 54.6 7 97 98 Operating expenses 10.8 9.8 10 52 52 33.2 36.4 (9) 55 65 Operating income 9.2 8.5 8 44 45 25.0 18.2 37 42 33 EBITDA (1) 12.3 12.3 59 66 35.3 31.9 11 59 57 EBITDA margin (2) 61.5 67.2 60.7 58.4 ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) See footnote (1) to the table under Financial Summary above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. 
 (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 9 increase in ADNV and a 1 increase in net capture. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the Global FX segment increased 0.7 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. Operating expenses increased 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to increases in technology and support services and compensation and benefits, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation and amortization. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by a 7 increase in ADNV, coupled with an increase in logical port fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating income for the Global FX segment increased 6.8 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, coupled with a decrease in operating expenses. Operating expenses decreased 3.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in depreciation and amortization, partially offset by an increase in compensation and benefits. 
 Digital 
 The following summarizes revenues less cost of revenues, operating expenses, operating loss, EBITDA, and EBITDA margin for our Digital segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage of Total Revenues Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Percentage 
 of Total 
 Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues less cost of revenues (0.5) (1.7) 71 (500) 121 (1.5) (4.2) 64 135 Operating expenses 5.7 10.9 (48) 105.2 30.8 242 Operating loss (6.2) (12.6) 51 (106.7) (35.0) (205) EBITDA (1) (6.0) (10.6) 43 (102.0) (29.3) (248) EBITDA margin (2) ___________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 (1) See footnote (1) to the table under Financial Summary above for a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, and management s reasons for using such non-GAAP measures. 
 (2) EBITDA margin represents EBITDA divided by revenues less cost of revenues. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by the reversal of contra-revenue after the dissolution of the Cboe Digital syndication in the second quarter of 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, operating loss for the Digital segment decreased 6.4 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in revenues less cost of revenues, coupled with a decrease in operating expenses. Operating expenses decreased 5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to a decrease across all operating expenses as a result of the Cboe Digital spot market wind down in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Revenues less cost of revenues increased 2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in net transaction and clearing fees driven by the reversal of contra-revenue after the dissolution of the Cboe Digital syndication in the second quarter of 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating loss for the Digital segment increased 71.7 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to increase in operating expenses, partially offset by an increase in revenues less cost of revenues. Operating expenses increased 74.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the impairment of intangible assets, partially offset by decreases in depreciation and amortization and compensation and benefits. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Below are charts that reflect elements of our capital allocation: 

We expect our cash on hand at September 30, 2024 and other available resources, including cash generated from operations, to be sufficient to continue to meet our cash requirements for the foreseeable future. In the near term, we expect that our cash from operations and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and potentially participating in future financing transactions to obtain additional capital will meet our cash needs to fund our operations, capital expenditures, interest payments on debt, any dividends, potential strategic acquisitions, and opportunities for common stock repurchases under the previously announced program. See Note 10 Debt of the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Cboe Clear Europe also has a 1.20 billion committed syndicated multicurrency revolving and swingline credit facility agreement with Cboe Clear Europe as borrower and the Company as guarantor of scheduled interest and fees on borrowings (but not the principal amount of any borrowings) (the Facility ). The Facility is available to be drawn by Cboe Clear Europe towards (a) financing unsettled amounts in connection with the settlement of transactions in securities and other items processed through Cboe Clear Europe s clearing system and (b) financing any other liability or liquidity requirement of Cboe Clear Europe incurred in the operation of its clearing system. Borrowings under the Facility are secured by cash, eligible bonds and eligible equity assets deposited by Cboe Clear Europe into secured accounts. As a result, should the Facility be drawn by Cboe Clear Europe it could potentially impact Cboe Clear Europe s liquidity, and we can give no assurance that this Facility will be sufficient to meet all of such obligations or sufficiently mitigate Cboe Clear Europe s liquidity risk to meet its payment obligations when due. Additionally, a default of the Facility may allow lenders, under certain circumstances, to accelerate any related drawn amounts and may result in the acceleration of the Company s other outstanding debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which may limit the Company s liquidity, business and financing activities. The facility is expected to terminate on June 27, 2025 and we may not be able to enter into a replacement facility on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Please refer to Note 10 ("Debt") for further information. 
 Our long-term cash needs will depend on many factors, including an introduction of new products, enhancements of current products, capital needs of our subsidiaries, the geographic mix of our business and any potential acquisitions. We believe our cash from operations and the availability under our Revolving Credit Facility will meet any long-term needs unless a significant acquisition or acquisitions are identified, in which case we expect that we would be able to borrow the necessary funds and/or issue additional shares of our common stock to complete such acquisition(s). 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks and all non-restricted, highly liquid investments, including short-term repurchase agreements, with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. Cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 increased 220.0 million from December 31, 2023 primarily due to inflows from the results of operations, partially offset by the increase in share repurchases, the increase in cash dividends, and the change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. See Cash Flow below for further discussion. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Our cash and cash equivalents held outside of the United States in various foreign subsidiaries totaled 302.8 million as of September 30, 2024. The remaining balance was held in the United States and totaled 460.4 million as of September 30, 2024. The majority of cash held outside the United States is available for repatriation, but under current law, could subject us to additional United States income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. 
 Our financial investments include deferred compensation plan assets, as well as investments with original or acquired maturities longer than three months, but that mature in less than one year from the balance sheet date and are recorded at fair value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, financial investments primarily consisted of U.S. Treasury securities and deferred compensation plan assets. 
 
 Cash Flow 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow data for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,811.0 1,264.6 Net cash used in investing activities (15.0) (16.9) Net cash used in financing activities (424.3) (513.6) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 33.4 17.7 Increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 1,405.1 751.8 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents 757.8 403.1 Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds) 2,033.5 1,308.9 Restricted cash and cash equivalents (included in cash and cash equivalents) 5.4 3.9 Customer bank deposits (included in margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds) 5.5 15.8 Total 2,802.2 1,731.7 
 Net Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 1,242.6 million higher than net income. The variance is primarily attributable to the change in restricted cash and cash equivalents, driven by margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds related to Cboe Clear Europe of 1,163.4 million, depreciation and amortization of 100.9 million, and impairment of intangible assets of 81.0 million, partially offset by the change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 114.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities were 1,811.0 million and 1,264.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in net cash flows provided by operating activities was primarily due to the change in restricted cash and cash equivalents driven by margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds related to Cboe Clear Europe, the change in Section 31 fees payable, the change in impairment of intangible assets, and the change in income taxes receivable, partially offset by the change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and the change in accounts receivable for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Net Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities were 15.0 million and 16.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The variance is primarily due to the change in proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale financial investments, partially offset by the change in contributions to investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities were 424.3 million and 513.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The variance is primarily attributable to the decrease in principal payments of current portion of long-term debt, partially offset by the increase in purchases of common stock, the increase in cash dividends on common stock, and the increase in repurchases of common stock from employee stock plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Financial Assets 
 The following summarizes our financial assets, excluding margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in millions): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 763.2 543.2 Financial investments 39.4 57.5 Less deferred compensation plan assets (38.9) (36.7) Less cash collected for Section 31 fees (30.5) Adjusted cash (1) 763.7 533.5 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Adjusted cash is a non-GAAP measure and represents cash and cash equivalents plus financial investments, minus deferred compensation plan assets and cash collected for Section 31 fees. We have presented adjusted cash because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our liquidity and believe that it is frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies. 
 
 Debt 
 The following summarizes our debt obligations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in millions): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 3.650 Senior Notes 650.0 650.0 1.625 Senior Notes 500.0 500.0 3.000 Senior Notes 300.0 300.0 Revolving Credit Agreement Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility Less unamortized discount and debt issuance costs (9.4) (10.8) Total debt 1,440.6 1,439.2 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the covenants of our debt agreements. 
 In addition to the debt outstanding, as of September 30, 2024, we had an additional 400.0 million available through our revolving credit facility, with the ability to borrow another 200.0 million by increasing the commitments under the facility, subject to the agreement of the applicable lenders. Together with adjusted cash, we had approximately 1.2 billion available to fund our operations, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, debt repayments and any dividends, net of minimum regulatory capital requirements of 173.1 million as of September 30, 2024, which are subject to potential applicable regulatory restrictions and approvals and potential associated tax costs. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends 
 The Company s expectation is to continue to pay dividends. The decision to pay a dividend, however, remains within the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors and may be affected by various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness and other considerations our Board of Directors deems relevant. Future debt obligations and statutory provisions, among other things, may limit, or in some cases prohibit, our ability to pay dividends. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In 2011, the Board of Directors approved an initial authorization for the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of 100 million and subsequently approved additional authorizations for a total authorization of 2.3 billion. The program permits the Company to purchase shares through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. It does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation. Share repurchases are repurchased to the Company s Treasury stock and ultimately retired or they are available to be redistributed. 
 The Company repurchased 144,370 shares of its common stock under its share repurchase program during the three months ended September 30, 2024 at an average cost per share of 170.45, for a total value of 24.6 million. Since inception of the program through September 30, 2024, the Company has repurchased 20,758,383 shares of common stock at an average cost per share of 78.05, totaling 1.6 billion. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 679.8 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations. 
 
 Commercial Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2024, our commercial commitments and contractual obligations included operating leases, data and telecommunications agreements, equipment leases, our long-term debt outstanding, contingent considerations, software development activities and other obligations. See Note 21 Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of commitments and contingencies, Note 10 Debt for a discussion of the guarantees regarding outstanding debt, Note 12 Clearing Operations for information on Cboe Clear Europe and Cboe Digital s clearinghouse exposure guarantees, and Note 22 Leases for discussion on operating leases and equipment leases. 
 
 Guarantees 
 We use Wedbush and Morgan Stanley to clear our routed equities transactions for our U.S. Equities exchanges. Wedbush and Morgan Stanley guarantee the trade until one day after the trade date, after which time the National Securities Clearing Corporation NSCC provides a guarantee. The BIDS Trading ATS platform delivers matched trades to BofA Securities, Inc. BOA ), which delivers the matched trades to the NSCC. BOA guarantees the trade until one day after the trade date, after which time the NSCC provides a guarantee. In the case of failure to perform on the part of Wedbush or Morgan Stanley on routed transactions for our U.S. Equities exchanges, we provide the guarantee to the counterparty to the trader. In the case of failure to perform on the part of BOA on transactions for the BIDS Trading ATS platform, BIDS has obligations to the counterparties to satisfy the trades. OCC acts as a central counterparty on all transactions in listed equity options in our Options segment, and as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our options transactions. We believe that any potential requirement for us to make payments under these guarantees is remote and accordingly, have not recorded any liability in the condensed consolidated financial statements for these guarantees. Similarly, with respect to trades in U.S. listed equity options and futures occurring on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX, and CFE, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the OCC, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on these exchanges and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of those matched options and futures trades. With respect to U.S. government securities transactions executed on Cboe Fixed Income, we use Mirae Asset Securities (USA) Inc. to deliver matched trades to the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (FICC) Government Securities Division (GSD), which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Fixed Income and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of those matched trades. With respect to Canadian equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to The Canadian Depository for Securities, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Canada Inc. and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched Canadian equities trades. With respect to trades in options and futures occurring on Cboe Europe Derivatives, we deliver matched trades of our customers to Cboe Clear Europe, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Europe Derivatives and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of those matched options and futures trades. With respect to Australian equities and derivatives, we deliver matched trades of our customers to ASX Clear Pty Ltd and ASX Settlement Pty Ltd. ASX Clear Pty Ltd acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Australia and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Australia. With respect to Japanese equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the Japanese Securities Clearing Corporation, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 occurring on Cboe Japan and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Japan. With respect to trades in digital assets occurring on Cboe Digital Exchange, we deliver matched trades of our customers to Cboe Clear Digital, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Digital Exchange and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of those matched futures trades. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of the amounts of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to areas that require a significant level of judgment or are otherwise subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience, observance of trends in particular areas, information available from outside sources and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Information from these sources form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that may not be readily apparent from other sources. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates from those disclosed in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the exception of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, as described below. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Description 
 Our various acquisitions, including the acquisition of Cboe Digital, resulted in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets. In accordance with ASC 350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other, we test the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances signal indicators of impairment are present. 
 Judgments and Uncertainties 
 The estimated fair values of our reporting units are based on the market approach and the income approach (using discounted estimated future cash flows). The estimated fair values of indefinite-lived intangibles were valued using the income approach, with the exception of indefinite-lived intangibles recorded as a result of the Cboe Digital acquisition, which were valued using the cost approach . The estimated fair value of the intangibles valued using the income approach are expected to be updated as necessary. The discounted estimated future cash flow analysis requires judgments about the discount rate, forecasted revenue growth rate, and operating expenses, that are inherent in these fair value estimates over the estimated remaining operating period. Additionally, the analysis contains uncertainty surrounding future events. As such, actual results may differ from these estimates and lead to a revaluation of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions 
 If updated estimates indicate that the fair value of goodwill or any indefinite-lived intangibles is less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment charge is expected to be recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of income in the period of the change in estimate, which could result in a material change to the condensed consolidated financial statements. However, due to the results of our impairment analyses completed in 2023, in which all reporting units estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value, we do not consider our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles to have a significant risk of impairment, except as previously identified in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and as noted below. 
 Following the April 2024 announcement of the Cboe Digital spot market wind down and unwinding of the minority ownership structure in the holding company parent of the Cboe Digital entities, the Company performed an interim impairment test for the intangible assets recognized in the Digital reporting unit as the announcement was considered a potential indication of impairment. The Company concluded that the carrying value of the trading registrations and licenses and technology intangible assets exceeded their estimated fair value, as their projected future cash flows did not support its valuation and recorded an intangible assets impairment charge of 81.0 million in the condensed consolidated statements of income for the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 As a result of our operating activities, we are exposed to market risks such as foreign currency exchange rate risk, equity risk, credit risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk. We have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage and monitor and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and our Board of Directors. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Our operations in Europe, Canada and Asia Pacific are subject to increased currency translation risk as revenues and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, and Japanese Yen. We also have de minimis exposure to other foreign currencies, including the Singapore dollar and Philippine Peso. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our primary exposure to foreign-denominated revenues less cost of revenues and expenses is presented by foreign currency in the following table (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Euros (1) British Pounds (1) Canadian Dollars (1) Euros (1) British Pounds (1) Canadian Dollars (1) Foreign denominated of: Revenues less cost of revenues 5.5 2.9 1.4 5.7 2.9 1.5 Operating expenses 7.7 9.1 3.9 7.0 8.0 3.8 Impact of 10 adverse currency fluctuation on: Revenues less cost of revenues 2.9 1.5 0.7 8.8 4.5 2.2 Operating expenses 1.7 2.0 0.9 5.2 6.0 2.8 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) An average foreign exchange rate to the U.S. dollar for the period was used. See Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the table summarizing the changes in certain operational and financial metrics for more information. 
 Equity Risk 
 Our investment in European, Canadian, and Asia Pacific operations is exposed to volatility in currency exchange rates through translation of our net assets or equity to U.S. dollars. The assets and liabilities of our European businesses are denominated in British pounds or Euros. The assets and liabilities of our Canadian businesses are denominated in Canadian dollars. The assets and liabilities of our Asia Pacific businesses are denominated in Australian dollars, Japanese Yen, Singapore dollars, Hong Kong dollars, or Philippine Pesos. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may create volatility in our reported results as we are required to translate foreign currency reported statements of financial condition and operational results into U.S. dollars for consolidated reporting. The translation of these non-U.S. dollar statements of financial condition into U.S. dollars for consolidated reporting results in a cumulative translation adjustment, which is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net within stockholders' equity on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 Our primary exposure to this equity risk as of September 30, 2024 is presented by foreign currency in the following table (in millions): 
 Euros (1) British Pounds (1) Canadian Dollars (1) Net equity investment in Cboe Europe Equities and Derivatives, Cboe Clear Europe, and Cboe Canada Inc. 199.9 645.9 523.8 Impact on consolidated equity of a 10 adverse currency fluctuation 20.0 64.6 52.4 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Converted to U.S. dollars using the foreign exchange rate of Euros per U.S. dollar, British pounds per U.S. dollar, and Canadian dollars per U.S. dollar, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. These parties may default on their obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. We limit our exposure to credit risk by considering such risk when selecting the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 We do not have counterparty credit risk with respect to trades matched on our exchanges in the U.S., Canada, and Europe. With respect to listed equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the NSCC without taking on counterparty risk for those trades. NSCC acts as a central counterparty on all equity transactions occurring on BZX, BYX, EDGX and EDGA and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched equity trades. Similarly, with respect to U.S. listed equity options and futures, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the OCC, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Options, C2, BZX, EDGX and CFE and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched options and futures trades. With respect to U.S. government securities transactions, we deliver matched trades to FICC s GSD without taking on counterparty risk for those trades. FICC GSD acts as a central counterparty on all U.S. government securities transactions occurring on Cboe Fixed Income and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of those matched trades. With respect to Canadian equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to The Canadian Depository for Securities, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Canada Inc. and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement of all of our matched Canadian equities trades. The BIDS Trading ATS platform delivers matched trades to BOA, which delivers the matched trades to the NSCC. BOA guarantees the trade until one day after the trade date, after which time the NSCC provides a guarantee. Thus, BIDS Trading is potentially exposed to credit risk to the counterparty between the trade date and one day after the trade date in the event BOA fails. With respect to Australian equities and derivatives, we deliver matched trades of our customers to ASX Clear Pty Ltd and ASX Settlement Pty Ltd. ASX Clear Pty Ltd acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Australia and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Australia. With respect to Japanese equities, we deliver matched trades of our customers to the Japanese Securities Clearing Corporation, which acts as a central counterparty on all transactions occurring on Cboe Japan and, as such, guarantees clearance and settlement on all of our matched trades in Japan. 
 With respect to orders Cboe Trading routes to other markets for execution on behalf of our customers, Cboe Trading is exposed to some counterparty credit risk in the case of failure to perform on the part of our clearing firms, Morgan Stanley or Wedbush. Morgan Stanley and Wedbush guarantee trades until one day after the trade date, after which time NSCC provides a guarantee. The BIDS Trading ATS platform delivers matched trades to BOA, which delivers the matched trades to the NSCC. Thus, Cboe Trading is potentially exposed to credit risk to the counterparty to a trade routed to another market center between the trade date and one day after the trade date in the event that Morgan Stanley or Wedbush fails. The BIDS Trading ATS platform is potentially exposed to counterparty credit risk on equities trades between the trade date and one day after the trade date in the event that BOA fails. We believe that any potential requirement for us to make payments under these guarantees is remote and accordingly, have not recorded any liability in the condensed consolidated financial statements for these guarantees. 
 Historically, we have not incurred any liability due to a customer s failure to satisfy its contractual obligations as counterparty to a system trade. Credit difficulties or insolvency, or the perceived possibility of credit difficulties or insolvency, of one or more larger or more visible market participants could also result in market-wide credit difficulties or other market disruptions. 
 We do not have counterparty credit risk with respect to institutional spot FX trades occurring on our platform because Cboe FX is not a counterparty to any FX transactions. All transactions occurring on our platform occur bilaterally between two banks or prime brokers as counterparties to the trade. While Cboe FX does not have direct counterparty risk, Cboe FX may suffer a decrease in transaction volume if a bank or prime broker experiences an event that causes other prime brokers to decrease or revoke the credit available to the prime broker experiencing the event. Therefore, Cboe FX may have risk that is related to the credit of the banks and prime brokers that trade FX on the Cboe FX platform. 
 We also have credit risk related to transaction fees that are billed in arrears to customers on a monthly basis. Our potential exposure to credit losses on these transactions is represented by the receivable balances in our balance sheet. Our customers are financial institutions whose ability to satisfy their contractual obligations may be impacted by volatile securities markets. 
 The Company is exposed to further credit and investment risk through our clearing operations. Cboe Clear Europe holds material amounts of clearing participant collateral, both cash and non-cash deposits, which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit risk as well as liquidity and market risks. Cboe Digital holds amounts of clearing participant collateral including cash and digital assets, which are held primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit risk as well as custody, valuation and market risks. The following is a summary of the risks associated with these deposits and how these risks are mitigated: 
 Credit Risk - The credit risk is predominantly in the event a clearing participant fails to meet a financial or contractual obligation and related to custodians and settlement banks. Cboe Clear Europe attempts to mitigate this risk through minimum participant requirements for clearing participants and monitoring their financial health. To cover potential loss to Cboe Clear Europe in the event of a clearing participant default, collateral is required from clearing participants. Besides potential defaults of clearing participants, the main credit risk faced by the clearinghouse is exposure to clearing participants when a trade fails to settle. To help mitigate this risk, a fail fee is 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 charged to discourage late settlements. This fee covers Cboe Clear Europe s costs but also acts as a deterrent as required by applicable settlement efficiency regulation. Cboe Clear Digital sets minimum financial requirements on custodian institutions and any clearing member that may expose the clearinghouse to credit risk. The financial strength of custodians and such clearing members are monitored routinely. Furthermore, Cboe Digital requires clearing members to post collateral (full or margined, depending on the product eligible for clearing) or other forms of financial guarantee and their trading activities are subject to pre-trade checks enforced by Cboe Digital Exchange and administered by Cboe Clear Digital. On June 5, 2023, the CFTC approved an amended order of registration for Cboe Clear Digital to clear digital asset futures on a margined basis for futures commission merchants. The new products launched January 11, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, Cboe Digital does not expect a material loss concerning credit risk on any member participant, custodian, or settlement bank. 
 Liquidity Risk - Liquidity risk is the risk Cboe Clear Europe may not be able to meet its payment obligations in the right currency, in the right place and at the right time. To help mitigate this risk, Cboe Clear Europe monitors its liquidity requirements closely and maintains funds and assets in a manner which attempt to minimize the risk of loss or delay in the access by the clearinghouse to such funds and assets. For example, holding funds with a central bank where possible or making only short-term investments serves to help reduce liquidity risks. Liquidity is mainly required for securities settlement. The payment and settlement obligations generally stem from the function of Cboe Clear Europe as a cash equity clearinghouse: shares are bought and sold by clearing participants on a trading platform or OTC, and netted to settle two days later. During the settlement the actual payment for and delivery of the shares take place, this process requires intraday liquidity. If counterparties, which receive shares against payment, are unable to settle, an overnight liquidity need arises. The overnight liquidity is typically very short term, and is usually limited to a few days. Cboe Clear Digital monitors its liquidity requirements closely and maintains funds and assets in a manner which attempt to minimize the risk of loss or delay in the access by the clearinghouse to such funds and assets. For example, only allowing highly liquid USD denominated assets to be posted as collateral. Cboe Clear Digital may not be able to meet its payment obligations in a timely manner in the event of delay in payment or default by a clearing member. 
 Cboe Clear Europe entered into a 1.20 billion committed syndicated multicurrency revolving and swingline credit facility that is available to be drawn by Cboe Clear Europe towards (a) financing unsettled amounts in connection with the settlement of transactions in securities and other items processed through Cboe Clear Europe s clearing system and (b) financing any other liability or liquidity requirement of Cboe Clear Europe incurred in the operation of its clearing system, however we can give no assurance that this facility will be sufficient to meet all such obligations or sufficiently mitigate Cboe Clear Europe s liquidity risk to meet its payment obligations when due. 
 Custody Risk Cboe Digital previously held customer digital clearing assets through accounts with third-party custodians and, in the case of hot and warm wallets, through self-custody. Cboe Digital s custody strategy was designed to maximize liquidity and efficient access to assets by making those assets readily available. Cboe Digital monitors its cash and the former digital asset balances it maintains or formerly maintained with custodians. Digital assets required control of one or more unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which the digital assets were held. The networks required one or more private keys relating to a digital wallet to authorize a spending transaction. If private keys were lost or destroyed, this could have prevented the ability to transfer the corresponding digital asset. Security breaches, computer malware, and computer hacking attacks have been a prevalent concern in digital asset markets. Cboe Digital committed to securely storing digital assets it formerly held on behalf of users. As such, Cboe Digital may be liable to its users for losses arising from theft or loss of user private keys. Cboe Digital has no reason to believe it will incur any expense associated with such potential liability because (i) it has no known or historical experience of claims to use as a basis of measurement, (ii) it accounts for and continually verifies the amount of digital assets within its control, (iii) it has established security around custodial private keys to minimize the risk of theft or loss, and (iv) the Company liquidated all digital assets held on behalf of customers as of September 30, 2024. 
 Valuation Risk - Cboe Digital was previously exposed to risk with respect to digital asset prices and valuations which were largely based on the supply and demand for those digital assets in financial markets. Cboe Digital s valuation governance framework included numerous controls and other procedural safeguards that were intended to maximize the quality of fair value measurements. New products and valuation techniques are reviewed and approved by senior management. Cboe Digital s valuation process for digital assets were fair value estimates that were also validated by the finance control function independently. Independent price verification was performed by finance control through benchmarking fair value estimates with observable market prices or other independent sources. Reasonably designed controls and governance framework were in place and were intended to help 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 ensure quality third-party pricing sources were used. The Company is no longer exposed to digital asset valuation risk due to the liquidation of digital assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 Market Risk Cboe Clear Europe is also exposed to market risk in the event that a clearing participant defaults and the market prices of the securities in its open positions have moved adversely so the clearinghouse can only close out the participant s obligations at a loss. To help mitigate market risk, Cboe Clear Europe collects collateral on an end of day and intraday basis from clearing participants to cover for the probable loss during normal market conditions, together with contributions to the clearing fund to cover losses if a default occurred during extreme but plausible market conditions. Adverse movements in exchange rates affecting the value of obligations and collateral are factored into the calculation of the amount of collateral to be collected. To help ensure an orderly market, Cboe Digital previously maintained digital assets to support its clearing operations which may have been subject to significant changes in value and therefore exposure to market risk with fluctuations in market prices. Cboe Digital monitored this risk on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. The business model was such that Cboe Digital earned digital assets and at times may have accumulated positions that were subject to market risk. Former customer positions held in digital assets had market risk based on daily activity and settlement prices. Cboe Clear Digital was also exposed to market risk in the event that a clearing participant defaulted and the market prices of the securities in its open positions had moved adversely so the clearinghouse could have only closed out the participant s obligations at a loss or the clearing participant had already realized trading losses in excess of the collateral at the time of default or the combination of the two. Cboe Clear Digital collects collateral on an end of day and intraday basis from clearing participants that are clearing margin eligible futures contracts. Cboe Clear Digital only allows collateral in USD at this time. Cboe Clear Digital maintains pre-funded resources to cover probable losses during normal market conditions due to default of clearing participants. Cboe Clear Digital clearing members who were previously clearing spot digital assets mostly operated on a fully funded basis. Cboe Clear Digital may have allowed certain well-qualified members to trade in the spot market without fully funding their accounts. Cboe Clear Digital collected collateral from such members to cover probable losses under extreme but plausible market conditions as determined by Cboe Clear Digital. The adequacy of such collateral was routinely reviewed. 
 Investment Risk Cboe Clear Europe, as of September 30, 2024, held 2,033.5 million of clearing member margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market and liquidity risks. Effective August 14, 2023, Cboe Clear Europe enacted changes in its rules, and is able to invest the cash collateral received in the form of interoperability fund deposits from clearing participants in certain investments, typically securities issued by pre-approved sovereign issuers and reverse repurchase agreements with overnight maturities. When investments are made in accordance with the policy, Cboe Clear Europe receives the amount of investment earnings and pays the clearing participants those earnings minus a set basis point cost of collateral. Cboe Clear Europe is able to direct the investment of the cash interoperability fund deposits received from the clearing participants within the program parameters and receive an economic benefit from those investments. See Note 12 Clearing Operations for more information. In the event that a sovereign government or reverse repurchase agreement counterparty defaults, the value we hold as collateral might not be sufficient to cover our capital requirements in the event of defaults. While Cboe Clear Europe seeks to achieve a reasonable rate of return which may generate interest income for clearing participants, Cboe Clear Europe is primarily concerned with preservation of capital and managing the risks associated with these deposits. As Cboe Clear Europe passes on interest revenues (minus costs) to the clearing members, this could include negative or reduced yield due to market conditions. While Cboe Clear Europe has policies and procedures that strive to help ensure that clearing participant collateral is protected, Cboe Clear Europe cannot absolutely assure that these measures and safeguards will be sufficient to protect margin deposits, clearing funds, and interoperability funds from a default or that we will not be materially and adversely affected in the event of a significant default. 
 On a regular basis, we review and evaluate changes in the status of our counterparties creditworthiness. Credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our condensed consolidated financial position and results of operations. Any such effects to date have been minimal. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relating to our cash and cash equivalents, financial investments, and indebtedness. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, our cash and cash equivalents and financial investments were 802.6 million and 437.1 million, respectively, of which 302.8 million and 220.2 million were held outside of the United States in various foreign subsidiaries in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The remaining cash and cash 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 equivalents and financial investments are denominated in U.S. dollars. We do not use our investment portfolio for trading or other speculative purposes. Due to the nature of these investments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates, assuming no change in the amount or composition of our cash and cash equivalents and financial investments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,440.6 million in outstanding debt, all of which relates to our Senior Notes, which bear interest at fixed interest rates. Changes in interest rates will have no impact on the interest we pay on fixed-rate obligations. We are also exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement and the Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility, as these facilities bear interest at fluctuating rates. As of September 30, 2024, there were no outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Agreement or Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility, respectively. See Note 10 Debt to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of debt agreements. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 We are exposed to liquidity risk under certain circumstances in relation to the cross-acceleration and cross-default provisions within the Revolving Credit Agreement as a result of the Company, as guarantor, entering into the Cboe Clear Europe Credit Facility. A default of the Facility may allow lenders to accelerate any related drawn amounts and may result in the acceleration of the Company s other outstanding debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which may limit the Company s liquidity, business, and financing activities. See Note 10 Debt to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of debt agreements. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 a) Disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 b) Internal controls over financial reporting. No changes occurred in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the third quarter of 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Cboe incorporates herein by reference the discussion set forth in Note 21 Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees of the condensed consolidated financial statements included herein. 
 Other than the legal proceeding below and incorporated by reference herein, there have been no material updates during the period covered by this Form 10-Q to the Legal Proceedings as set forth in Item 3. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and to the Legal Proceedings as set forth in Item 1. of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 
 Equity Market Structure Rules 
 In December 2022, the SEC released four equity market structure proposals. On September 18, 2024, the SEC adopted amendments to certain rules of the Regulation National Market System NMS to amend the minimum pricing increments for the quoting of certain NMS stocks, reduce the access fee caps and enhance the transparency of better priced orders (collectively, the Final Rules ). The compliance date for the Final Rules will be November 3, 2025, except for the dissemination of odd-lot information (including the best-odd lot orders), which will have a compliance date of May 4, 2026. 
 On October 30, 2024, the Company and the Company s equities exchanges, BZX, BYX, EDGX, and EDGA (collectively, the U.S. equities exchanges and Nasdaq, Inc. filed a Petition for Review PFR in the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit (the D.C. Circuit appealing the Final Rules. Prior to the PFR filings by the U.S. equities exchanges and Nasdaq, two other entities (We the Investors and Urvin Finance, Inc.) also filed a PFR in the D.C. Circuit. 
 The Final Rules, amongst other things, are expected to reduce access fee caps to a level that may inhibit our ability to incentivize liquidity on our U.S. equities exchanges, thereby resulting in a reduction in transaction fee revenue, as well as limit our ability to differentiate our fee schedule and compete with other national securities exchanges and off-exchange venues, which may have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results. The Company and the U.S. equities exchanges intend to litigate the matter vigorously. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material updates during the period covered by this Form 10-Q to the Risk Factors as set forth in Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024. These risks and uncertainties, however, are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also significantly impact us. Any risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Share repurchase program 
 In 2011, the Board of Directors approved an initial authorization for the Company to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock of 100 million and subsequently approved additional authorizations for a total authorization of 2.3 billion. The program permits the Company to purchase shares, through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. It does not obligate the Company to make any repurchases at any specific time or situation. The Company repurchased 144,370 shares of its common stock under its share repurchase program during the three months ended September 30, 2024 at an average cost per share of 170.45, for a total value of 24.6 million and had 679.8 million of availability remaining under its existing share repurchase authorizations as of September 30, 2024. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 The table below shows the purchases of equity securities by the Company which settled during the three months ended September 30, 2024, reflecting the purchase of common stock under the Company's share repurchase program: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) July 1 to July 31, 2024 144,370 170.45 144,370 179.8 August 1 to August 31, 2024 679.8 September 1 to September 30, 2024 679.8 Total 144,370 170.45 144,370 
 Purchase of common stock from employees 
 The table below reflects the acquisition of common stock by the Company in the three months ended September 30, 2024 that were not part of the publicly announced share repurchase authorization. These shares consisted of shares retained to cover payroll withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards and performance share awards. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share July 1 to July 31, 2024 25 169.77 August 1 to August 31, 2024 3,861 204.47 September 1 to September 30, 2024 386 206.71 Total 4,272 204.47 
 Use of proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Securities Trading Plans of Executive Officers and Directors 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, our executive officers and directors or contracts, instructions, or written plans for the purchase or sale of our securities as noted below: 

(2) 
 
 Sale of up to shares of common stock to be issued upon the vesting of time-based restricted stock units and up to 100 of the shares of common stock to be issued upon the vesting of performance-based restricted stock units 
 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) The trading plan may also expire on such earlier date as all transactions under the trading plan are completed. 
 (2) Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule (c). 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan F iled herewith). 
 10.2 Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan F iled herewith). 
 10.3 Amendment No. 24 to the Restated License Agreement, dated November 1, 1994, by and between Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC (as successor-in-interest to Standard Poor s, a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.) and Cboe Exchange, Inc. (f/k/a Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated), effective as of September 1, 2024 (Filed herewith).+ 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (Filed herewith). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 (Filed herewith). 
 32.1 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (Filed herewith). 
 32.2 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (Filed herewith). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (Filed herewith). The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (Filed herewith). 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (Filed herewith). 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (Filed herewith). 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (Filed herewith). 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (Filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded as Inline XBRL document). 
 ___________________________ 
 Indicates Management Compensatory Plan, Contract or Arrangement. 
 + Certain confidential portions (as indicated therein) of this exhibit have been omitted. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CBOE GLOBAL MARKETS, INC. Registrant By: /s/ Fredric J. Tomczyk Fredric J. Tomczyk Chief Executive Officer Date: November 1, 2024 
 By: /s/ Jill M. Griebenow Jill M. Griebenow Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Date: November 1, 2024 
 
 90 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 cboe-20240930xex101.htm
 EX-10.1
 
 CBOE-2024.09.30-EX 10.1 Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

Exhibit 10.1 
 The CORPORATE Supplemental Executive Retirement plan 
 Adoption Agreement 
 IMPORTANT NOTE 
 This document has not been approved by the Department of Labor, the Internal 
 Revenue Service or any other governmental entity. An Employer must determine 
 whether the plan is subject to the Federal securities laws and the securities laws of the 
 various states. An Employer may not rely on this document to ensure any particular tax 
 consequences or to ensure that the Plan is unfunded and maintained primarily for the 
 purpose of providing deferred compensation to a select group of management or highly 
 compensated employees under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act with 
 respect to the Employer's particular situation. Fidelity Management Trust Company, 
 its affiliates and employees cannot and do not provide legal or tax advice or opinions in 
 connection with this document. This document does not constitute legal or tax advice 
 or opinions and is not intended or written to be used, and it cannot be used by any 
 taxpayer, for the purposes of avoiding penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer. 
 This document must be reviewed by the Employer s attorney prior to adoption. 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 2 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

ADOPTION AGREEMENT 
 ARTICLE 1 
 1.01 PLAN INFORMATION 
 (a) Name of Plan 
 This is the Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan (the Plan ). 
 (b) Plan Status Check one.) 
 (1) Adoption Agreement effective date 09 01 2024 . 
 (2) The Adoption Agreement effective date is (Check (A) or check and complete (B)) 
 (A) A new Plan effective date_________________. 
 (B) An amendment and restatement of the Plan. The original effective date of 
 the Plan was 02 16 2005 . 
 (c) Name of Administrator, if not the Employer 
 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 
 1.02 EMPLOYER 
 (a) Employer Name Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 (b) The term Employer includes the following Related Employer(s) 
 (as defined in Section 2.01(a)(25)) participating in the Plan 
 Cboe Services Company EIN 11-3817385 
 BIDS Holdings, L.P. EIN 20-5087370 
 
 1.03 COVERAGE 
 (Check (a) and or (b).) 
 (a) The following Employees are eligible to participate in the Plan (Check (1) or (2)) 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 3 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(1) Only those Employees designated in writing by the Employer, which writing is 
 hereby incorporated herein. 
 (2) Only those Employees in the eligible class described below 
 Attained a position with an Employer of Senior Director or above (Employee who was eligible 
 to participate in the Plan on or before 1 1 2023 shall continue to be considered eligible to 
 participate in the Plan until his or her subsequent Separation from Service) 
 (b) The following Directors are eligible to participate in the Plan (Check (1) or (2)) 
 (1) Only those Directors designated in writing by the Employer, which writing is hereby 
 incorporated herein. 
 (2) All Directors, effective as of the later of the date in 1.01(b) or the date the Director 
 becomes a Director. 
 (Note A designation in Section 1.03(a)(1) or Section 1.03(b)(1) or a description in 
 Section 1.03(a)(2) must include the effective date of such participation.) 
 1.04 COMPENSATION 
 (If Section 1.03(a) is selected, select (a) or (b). If Section 1.03(b) is selected, complete (c)) 
 For purposes of determining all contributions under the Plan 
 
 (a) Compensation shall be as defined, with respect to Employees, in the 
 ___________________Plan maintained by the Employer 
 (1) to the extent it is in excess of the limit imposed under Code section 401(a)(17). 
 (2) notwithstanding the limit imposed under Code section 401(a)(17). 
 (b) Compensation shall be as defined in Section 2.01(a)(9) with respect to Employees (Check (1), 
 and or (2) below, if, and as, appropriate) 
 (1) but excluding the following 
 
 See Attachment B 
 (2) but excluding bonuses, except those bonuses listed in the table in 
 Section 1.05(a)(2). 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 4 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(c) Compensation shall be as defined in Section 2.01(a)(9)(c) with respect to Directors, but excluding 
 the following _ 
 1.05 CONTRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES 
 (a) Deferral Contributions (Complete all that apply) 
 (1) Deferral Contributions. Subject to any minimum or maximum deferral amount 
 provided below, the Employer shall make a Deferral Contribution in accordance 
 with, and subject to, Section 4.01 on behalf of each Participant who has an 
 executed salary reduction agreement in effect with the Employer for the 
 applicable calendar year (or portion of the applicable calendar year). 
 Deferral Contributions 
 Type of Compensation 

Dollar Amount 

Amount 

Min 

Max 

Min 

Max 

Base Compensation 

50 

(Note With respect to each type of Compensation, list the minimum and maximum dollar 
 amounts or percentages as whole dollar amounts or whole number percentages.) 
 (2) Deferral Contributions with respect to Bonus Compensation only. The Employer 
 requires Participants to enter into a special salary reduction agreement to make 
 Deferral Contributions with respect to one or more Bonuses, subject to minimum 
 and maximum deferral limitations, as provided in the table below. 
 Deferral Contributions 
 Type of Bonus 

Treated As 

Dollar Amount 

Amount 

Performance 
 Based 

Non- 
 Performance 
 Based 

Min 

Max 

Min 

Max 

Bonus Compensation 

X 

50 

(Note With respect to each type of Bonus, list the minimum and maximum dollar amounts or 
 percentages as whole dollar amounts or whole number percentages. In the event a bonus 
 identified as a Performance-based Bonus above does not constitute a Performance-based 
 Bonus with respect to any Participant, such Bonus will be treated as a Non-Performance-based 
 Bonus with respect to such Participant.) 
 (b) Matching Contributions (Choose (1) or (2) below, and (3) below, as applicable) 
 (1) The Employer shall make a Matching Contribution on behalf of each Employee 
 Participant in an amount described below 
 (A) 200 of the Employee Participant s Deferral Contributions for the calendar 
 year. 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 5 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(B) The amount, if any, declared by the Employer in writing, which writing is 
 hereby incorporated herein. 
 (C) Other 
 (2) Matching Contribution Offset. For each Employee Participant who has made 
 elective contributions (as defined in 26 CFR section 1.401(k)-6 QP 
 Deferrals )) of the maximum permitted under Code section 402(g), or the 
 maximum permitted under the terms of the ___________________________ 
 Plan (the QP ), to the QP, the Employer shall make a Matching Contribution 
 in an amount equal to (A) minus (B) below 
 (A) The matching contributions (as defined in 26 CFR section 1.401(m)-1(a)(2) 
 QP Match )) that the Employee Participant would have received under the QP 
 on the sum of the Deferral Contributions and the Participant s QP Deferrals, 
 determined as though 
 no limits otherwise imposed by the tax law applied to such QP match 
 and 
 the Employee Participant s Deferral Contributions had been made to the 
 QP. 
 (B) The QP Match actually made to such Employee Participant under the QP for the 
 applicable calendar year. 
 Provided, however, that the Matching Contributions made on behalf of any Employee Participant 
 pursuant to this Section 1.05(b)(2) shall be limited as provided in Section 4.02 hereof. 
 (3) Matching Contribution Limits (Check the appropriate box (es)) 
 (A) Deferral Contributions in excess of 4 of the Employee Participant s 
 Compensation for the calendar year shall not be considered for Matching 
 Contributions. 
 (B) Matching Contributions for each Employee Participant for each calendar year 
 shall be limited to . 
 (c) Employer Contributions 
 (1) Fixed Employer Contributions. The Employer shall make an Employer Contribution 
 on behalf of each Employee Participant in an amount determined as described 
 below 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 _________________________________________________________________ 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 6 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(2) Discretionary Employer Contributions. The Employer may make Employer 
 Contributions to the accounts of Employee Participants in any amount (which 
 amount may be zero), as determined by the Employer in its sole discretion from time 
 to time in a writing, which is hereby incorporated herein. 
 1.06 CONTRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF DIRECTORS 
 (a) Director Deferral Contributions 
 The Employer shall make a Deferral Contribution in accordance with, and 
 subject to, Section 4.01 on behalf of each Director Participant who has an 
 executed deferral agreement in effect with the Employer for the applicable 
 calendar year (or portion of the applicable calendar year), which deferral 
 agreement shall be subject to any minimum and or maximum deferral amounts 
 provided in the table below. 
 Deferral Contributions 
 Type of Compensation 

Dollar Amount 

Amount 

Min 

Max 

Min 

Max 

(Note With respect to each type of Compensation, list the minimum and maximum dollar 
 amounts or percentages as whole dollar amounts or whole number percentages.) 
 (b) Matching and Employer Contributions 
 (1) Matching Contributions. The Employer shall make a Matching Contribution on 
 behalf of each Director Participant in an amount determined as described below 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 ________________________________________________________________. 
 (2) Fixed Employer Contributions. The Employer shall make an Employer Contribution 
 on behalf of each Director Participant in an amount determined as described below 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 ___________________________________________________________________. 
 (3) Discretionary Employer Contributions. The Employer may make Employer 
 Contributions to the accounts of Director Participants in any amount (which amount 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 7 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

may be zero), as determined by the Employer in its sole discretion from time to 
 time, in a writing, which is hereby incorporated herein. 
 . 
 1.07 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 The form and timing of distributions from the Participant s vested Account shall be made consistent with 
 the elections in this Section 1.07. 
 (a) (1) Distribution options to be provided to Participants 
 (A) Specified 
 Date 

(B) Specified 
 Age 

(C) Separation 
 From Service 

(D) Earlier of 
 Separation or Age 

(E) Earlier of 
 Separation or 
 Specified Date 

(F) Disability 

(G) 
 Change 
 in 
 Control 

(H) Death 

Deferral 
 Contribution 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Matching 
 Contributions 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Employer 
 Contributions 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

(Note If the Employer elects (F), (G), or (H) above, the Employer must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or 
 (E) above, and the Participant must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) above. In the event the Employer 
 elects only a single payment trigger and or payment method above, then such single payment trigger and 
 or payment method shall automatically apply to the Participant. If the employer elects to provide for 
 payment upon a specified date or age, and the employer applies a vesting schedule to amounts that may 
 be subject to such payment trigger(s), the employer must apply a minimum deferral period, the number of 
 years of which must be greater than the number of years required for 100 vesting in any such amounts. 
 If the employer elects to provide for payment upon disability and or death, and the employer applies a 
 vesting schedule to amounts that may be subject to such payment trigger, the employer must also elect to 
 apply 100 vesting in any such amounts upon disability and or death.) 
 (2) X A Participant incurs a Disability when the Participant (Check at least one if Section 
 1.07(a)(1)(F) or if Section 1.08(e)(3) is elected) 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 8 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(A) 

is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any 
 medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected 
 to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less 
 than 12 months. 

(B) 

X 

is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment 
 that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a 
 continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement 
 benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health 
 plan covering employees of the Employer. 

(C) 

X 

is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or 
 the Railroad Retirement Board. 

(D) 

is determined to be disabled pursuant to the following disability insurance 
 program ________________________________the definition of disability 
 under which complies with the requirements in regulations under Code 
 section 409A. 

(Note If more than one box above is checked, then the Participant will have a 
 Disability if he satisfies at least one of the descriptions corresponding to one of such 
 checked boxes.) 
 (3) X Regardless of any payment trigger and, as applicable, payment method, to which the 
 Participant would otherwise be subject pursuant to (1) above, the first to occur of the 
 following Plan-level payment triggers will cause payment to the Participant commencing 
 pursuant to Section 1.07(c)(1) below in a lump sum, provided such Plan-level payment 
 trigger occurs prior to the payment trigger to which the Participant would otherwise be 
 subject. 
 Payment Trigger 

(A) 

Separation from Service prior to 
 ________________________________________ 

(B) 

Separation from Service 

(C) 

X 

Death 

(D) 

Change in Control 

(b) Distribution Election Change 
 A Participant 
 (1) 

shall 

(2) 

shall not 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 9 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

be permitted to modify a scheduled distribution election in accordance with Section 8.01(b) 
 hereof. 
 (c) Commencement of Distributions 
 (1) Each lump sum distribution and the first distribution in a series of installment payments 
 (if applicable) shall commence as elected in (A), (B) or (C) below 
 (A) 

Monthly on the _______ day of the month which day next follows the 
 applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). 

(B) 

Quarterly on the _____ day of the following months ____________, 
 ______________, _______________, or____________ (list one month in 
 each calendar quarter) which day next follows the applicable triggering 
 event described in 1.07(a). 

(C) X 

Annually on the 1st day of February (month) which day next follows the 
 applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). 

(Note Notwithstanding the above a six-month delay shall be imposed with respect to 
 certain distributions to Specified Employees a Participant who chooses payment on a 
 Specified Date will choose a month, year or quarter (as applicable) only, and payment will 
 be made on the applicable date elected in (A), (B) or (C) above that falls within such 
 month, year or quarter elected by the Participant.) 
 (2) The commencement of distributions pursuant to the events elected in Section 1.07(a)(1) 
 and Section 1.07(a)(3) shall be modified by application of the following 
 (A) 

Separation from Service Event Delay Separation from Service will be 
 treated as not having occurred for _____ months after the date of such 
 event. 

(B) 

Plan Level Delay all distribution events (other than those based on 
 Specified Date or Specified Age) will be treated as not having occurred 
 for _____ days (insert number of days but not more than 30). 

(d) Installment Frequency and Duration 
 If installments are available under the Plan pursuant to Section 1.07(a), a Participant shall be 
 permitted to elect that the installments will be paid (Complete 1 and 2 below) 
 (1) at the following intervals 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 10 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(A) 

Monthly commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). 

(B) 

Quarterly commencing on the day elected in Section1.07 (c)(1) (with 
 payments made at three-month intervals thereafter). 

(C) X 

Annually commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). 

(2) over the following term(s) (Complete either (A) or (B)) 
 (A) X Any term of whole years between 2 (minimum of 1) and 10 (maximum 
 of 30). 
 (B) Any of the whole year terms selected below. 
 1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

11 

12 

13 

14 

15 

16 

17 

18 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

(Note Only elect a term of one year if Section 1.07(d)(1)(A) and or Section 
 1.07(d)(1)(B) is elected above.) 
 (e) Conversion to Lump Sum 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , if the Participant s vested 
 Account at the time such Account becomes payable to him hereunder does not 
 exceed ________ distribution of the Participant s vested Account shall 
 automatically be made in the form of a single lump sum at the time prescribed in 
 Section 1.07(c)(1). 

(f) Distribution Rules Applicable to Pre-effective Date Accruals 

Benefits accrued under the Plan (subject to Code section 409A) prior to the date 
 in Section 1.01(b)(1) above are subject to distribution rules not described in 
 Section 1.07(a) through (e), and such rules are described in Attachment A Re 
 PRE EFFECTIVE DATE ACCRUAL DISTRIBUTION RULES. 

1.08 VESTING SCHEDULE 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 11 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(a) (1) The Participant s vested percentage in Matching Contributions elected in Section 1.05(b) 
 shall be based upon the following schedule and unless Section 1.08(a)(2) is checked 
 below will be based on the elapsed time method as described in Section 7.03(b). 
 Years of Service 

Vesting 

0 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 

0 
 20 
 40 
 60 
 80 
 100 

(2) Vesting shall be based on the class year method as described in Section 7.03(c). 
 (b) (1) The Participant s vested percentage in Employer Contributions elected in Section 1.05(c) 
 shall be based upon the following schedule and unless Section 1.08(b)(2) is checked 
 below will be based on the elapsed time method as described in Section 7.03(b). 
 Years of Service 

Vesting 

0 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 

0 
 20 
 40 
 60 
 80 
 100 

(2) Vesting shall be based on the class year method as described in Section 7.03(c). 
 (c) Years of Service shall exclude (Check one.) 
 (1) for new plans, service prior to the Effective Date as defined in Section 
 1.01(b)(2)(A). 
 (2) for existing plans converting from another plan document, service prior to the 
 original Effective Date as defined in Section 1.01(b)(2)(B). 
 (Note Do not elect to apply this Section 1.08(c) if vesting is based only on the class year 
 method.) 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 12 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(d) X Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Participant will forfeit his Matching 
 Contributions and Employer Contributions (regardless of whether vested) upon the occurrence 
 of the following event(s) 
 See Attachment B 
 (Note Contributions with respect to Directors, which are 100 vested at all times, are subject to 
 the rule in this subsection (d).) 
 (e) A Participant will be 100 vested in his Matching Contributions and Employer Contributions 
 upon (Check the appropriate box(es)) 
 (1) Retirement eligibility is the date the Participant attains age ___ and completes 
 ___ Years of Service, as defined in Section 7.03(b). 
 (2) X Death. 
 (3) X The date on which the Participant becomes disabled, as determined under Section 
 1.07(a)(2). 
 (Note Participants will automatically vest upon Change in Control if Section 
 1.07(a)(1)(G) is elected.) 
 (f) Years of Service in Section 1.08 (a)(1) and Section 1.08 (b)(1) shall include service with the 
 following employers 
 ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 1.09 INVESTMENT DECISIONS 
 A Participant s Account shall be treated as invested in the Permissible Investments as directed by 
 the Participant unless otherwise provided below 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 1.10 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
 The Employer may elect Option below and complete the Superseding Provisions Addendum to 
 describe overriding provisions that are not otherwise reflected in this Adoption Agreement. 
 X The Employer has completed the Superseding Provisions Addendum to reflect the provisions 
 of the Plan that supersede provisions of this Adoption Agreement and or the Basic Plan 
 Document. 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 13 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

EXECUTION PAGE 
 (Fidelity s Copy) 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Adoption Agreement to be executed this 4 th day of 
 September, 2024. 
 Employer Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 By s Stephanie Foley 
 Title EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 14 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

EXECUTION PAGE 
 (Employer's Copy) 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Adoption Agreement to be executed this 4 th day of 
 September, 2024. 
 Employer Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 By s Stephanie Foley 
 Title EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 15 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

AMENDMENT EXECUTION PAGE 
 (Fidelity s Copy) 
 Plan Name Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan (the Plan 
 Employer Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 (Note These execution pages are to be completed in the event the Employer modifies any prior election(s) or 
 makes a new election(s) in this Adoption Agreement. Attach the amended page(s) of the Adoption Agreement to 
 these execution pages.) 
 The following section(s) of the Plan are hereby amended effective as of the date(s) set forth below 
 Section Amended 

Effective Date 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment to be executed on the date below. 
 Employer 
 By 
 Title 
 Date 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 16 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

AMENDMENT EXECUTION PAGE 
 (Employer s Copy) 
 Plan Name Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan (the Plan 
 Employer Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 (Note These execution pages are to be completed in the event the Employer modifies any prior election(s) or 
 makes a new election(s) in this Adoption Agreement. Attach the amended page(s) of the Adoption Agreement to 
 these execution pages.) 
 Section Amended 

Effective Date 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment to be executed on the date below. 
 Employer 
 By 
 Title 
 Date 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 17 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

ATTACHMENT A 
 Re PRE EFFECTIVE DATE ACCRUAL DISTRIBUTION RULES 
 Plan Name Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 18 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

ATTACHMENT B 
 Re SUPERSEDING PROVISIONS 
 for 
 Plan Name Cboe Global Markets Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 (a) Superseding Provision(s) The following provisions supersede other provisions of this Adoption 
 Agreement and or the Basic Plan Document as described below 
 1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1.03(a)(2), all Employees described in item 5 below 
 are eligible to participate and shall be considered Participants in the Plan to the extent set forth in item 
 5. 
 2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 1.04, for purposes of determining Deferral 
 Contributions under the Plan, Compensation shall include only base compensation and bonuses (including 
 amounts deferred by the Participant under the Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan). 
 Compensation shall specifically exclude amounts contributed by the Employer under the Senior 
 Executive Cafeteria Plan. 
 3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 1.05(a)(1) and 1.05(a)(2), Deferral Contributions 
 shall be in whole and fractional percentages as designated by a Participant in his or her election form. 
 4. Section 1.05 Contributions . A Participant may elect to make deferral contributions, pursuant to Section 
 1.05(a) of the adoption Agreement in an amount or percentage of his or her Compensation for any Plan 
 Year in excess of 345,000 (2024). Deferral contributions with respect to Compensation amounts below 
 345,000 (2024) may be made only under the Cboe Global Markets Smart Plan. Notwithstanding 
 anything to the contrary in Article 4.01, an election to defer Compensation shall continue in effect for 
 Compensation relating to all services performed in succeeding calendar years until modified or revoked 
 by the Participant with a subsequent election form pursuant to Article 4. 
 The Company will make a matching contribution to the Plan as set forth in Section 1.05(b) of the 
 Adoption Agreement based upon the amount of each Participant s deferral contributions made under the 
 Plan provided that such matching contributions will be based only on the Participant s deferral 
 contributions that relate to his Compensation in excess of 345,000. Compensation for purposes of 
 section 1.05 shall have the meaning set for the in section 1.04. 
 The 345,000 amounts referred to above shall all in cases be adjusted periodically to reflect cost of living 
 increases at the time and in the same manner as such amount is adjusted under Internal Revenue Code 
 Section 401( a)(17), or any successor section. 
 5. Section 1.05(b)(2) Matching Contributions. Notwithstanding the coverage requirements of Section 
 1.03(a) or the matching contribution described in Section 1.05(b) of the Adoption Agreement, the 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 19 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

Employer shall make a matching contribution and or a profit sharing contribution to the Plan for the Plan 
 Year for any employee (regardless of the amount of his or her Compensation for such Plan Year) who 
 elects to defer earnings otherwise payable to him or her in such Plan Year pursuant to the terms of the 
 Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan. A matching contribution and or profit-sharing 
 contribution made for a Participant pursuant to this paragraph shall be in addition to any matching 
 contribution, if any, made for him or her for the applicable Plan Year pursuant to the Adoption 
 Agreement. 
 6. If elected by the Participant, distribution of a Participant s entire interest in the Plan shall be made after 
 the date of consummation of a Change in Control in accordance with Sections 1.07(a)(1)(G) and 
 1.07(c)(1) provided, however, that a Change in Control shall not include 
 (a) Any change in form of organization of Employer from a non-stock entity to a stock 
 corporation, or 
 (b) Any public offering of the Employer s shares of stock after it becomes a stock corporation. 
 If the Participant fails to make an election, Change in Control distribution shall not be made to the 
 Participant. 
 7. Section 1.08(d) Forfeiture Notwithstanding the vesting schedules set forth in Sections 1.08(a) 
 and (b), if the employment of any Participant, including the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
 Employer, shall be terminated by the Employer for Cause, the Matching Contributions and Discretionary 
 Employer Contributions credited to the Account of the Participant shall be forfeited, and no amount shall 
 be payable to or with respect to the Participant pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 (a) A Participant shall engage, during the performance of his or her duties for the employer, in 
 acts or omissions constituting dishonesty, intentional breach of fiduciary obligations, or 
 intentional wrongdoing or malfeasance. 
 (b) A Participant shall intentionally disobey or disregard a lawful and proper direction of the 
 Board of Directors or 
 (c) A Participant shall materially breach an employment agreement entered into between the 
 Participant and the Employer and such breach by its nature is incapable of being cured, or 
 such breach remains uncured for more than 30 days following receipt by the Participant of 
 written notice from the Employer specifying the nature of the breach and demanding the cure 
 thereof. For purposes of this clause (c), a material breach of any such employment agreement 
 that involves inattention by the Participant to his or her duties under the employment 
 agreement shall be deemed a breach capable of cure. 
 In addition, the Participants employment shall be deemed to have terminated for Cause if, after the 
 Participant s employment has terminated, facts and circumstances arising during the course of the 
 Participant s employment are discovered that would have justified a termination for Cause. 
 The following shall not constitute Cause 
 (a) Any personal or policy disagreement between a Participant and the Employer, or any member 
 of the Employer or of the Board of Directors, or 

Plan Number 44316 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 20 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(b) Any action taken by a Participant in connection with his or her duties for the Employer, or 
 any failure to act, if the Participant acted or failed to act in good faith, and in a manner he or 
 she reasonably believed to be in, and not opposed to, the best interest of the Employer, and he 
 or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 If the Matching Contributions and Discretionary contributions credited to the Account of a Participant 
 shall be forfeited by reason of his or her termination of employment for Cause, the Employer shall give at 
 least 30 days prior written notice to the Participant specifying in detail the reason or reasons constituting 
 Cause. 
 8. In addition to the events indicated under Section 1.08(e), a Participant will be fully vested in his or her 
 Account in the event of the termination of the Plan. 
 9. Article 7.02 shall be replaced in its entirety with the following 
 7.02. Death. If provided by the Employer in Section 1.08 (e)(2), the Account of a Participant or former 
 Participant who dies before the distribution of his entire Account will be 100 vested, provided that at 
 the time of his death he is earning Years of Services. 
 10. Each Participant from time to time, pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted to Fidelity, may 
 designate any legal or natural person or persons (who may be designated contingently or successively) to 
 whom his or her Plan interest is to be paid if he or she dies before receiving the entire balance thereof. A 
 beneficiary designation shall be effective only when the executed beneficiary form is delivered to the 
 Employer in writing or by other method prescribed by the Employer while the Participant is alive and will 
 cancel all beneficiary designation forms delivered earlier. If a deceased Participant fails to designate a 
 beneficiary prior to his or her death, or if all designated beneficiaries predecease the Participant, his or her 
 interest in the Plan shall be paid to his or her surviving spouse, or if none, to his or her lawful 
 descendants, per stirpes, or, if none survive him or her, to the legally appointed representatives of his or 
 her estate, or if none are appointed within six months after the date of his or her death, to his or her heirs 
 at law under the laws of descent and distribution of the state in which the Participant is domiciled a the 
 date of death. 8.01(e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any Specified 
 Employee, if the applicable payment trigger is Separation from Service, then payment shall not 
 commence before the date that is six months after the date of Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the 
 date of death or Disability of the Specified Employee, pursuant to Section 7.02 and 7.07). Payments to 
 which a Specified Employee would otherwise be entitled during the first six months following the date of 
 Separation from Service are delayed by six months. 
 11. 8.01(f) Article 8.01(f)( c) shall be replaced in its entirety with the following. 
 The Plan Sponsor shall pay the value of the entire Participant s Balance in a single lump sum if the Participant s 
 entire Account Balance, including any Specific Date account balances, at Separation from Service if the balance is 
 less than the Internal Revenue Code 402(g)(1)(B) limit 23,000 in 2024). The single lump sum payment will be 
 made at the time specified in Section 1.07(c)(1). 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 cboe-20240930xex102.htm
 EX-10.2
 
 CBOE-2024.09.30-EX 10.2 Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

Exhibit 10.2 
 The CORPORATE Deferred Compensation plan 
 Adoption Agreement 
 IMPORTANT NOTE 
 This document has not been approved by the Department of Labor, the Internal 
 Revenue Service or any other governmental entity. An Employer must determine 
 whether the plan is subject to the Federal securities laws and the securities laws of the 
 various states. An Employer may not rely on this document to ensure any particular tax 
 consequences or to ensure that the Plan is unfunded and maintained primarily for the 
 purpose of providing deferred compensation to a select group of management or highly 
 compensated employees under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act with 
 respect to the Employer's particular situation. Fidelity Management Trust Company, 
 its affiliates and employees cannot and do not provide legal or tax advice or opinions in 
 connection with this document. This document does not constitute legal or tax advice 
 or opinions and is not intended or written to be used, and it cannot be used by any 
 taxpayer, for the purposes of avoiding penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer. 
 This document must be reviewed by the Employer s attorney prior to adoption. 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 2 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

ADOPTION AGREEMENT 
 ARTICLE 1 
 1.01 PLAN INFORMATION 
 (a) Name of Plan 
 This is the Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan ). 
 (b) Plan Status Check one.) 
 (1) Adoption Agreement effective date 09 01 2024 . 
 (2) The Adoption Agreement effective date is (Check (A) or check and complete (B)) 
 (A) A new Plan effective date_________________. 
 (B) An amendment and restatement of the Plan. The original effective date of 
 the Plan was 02 16 2005 . 
 (c) Name of Administrator, if not the Employer 
 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 
 1.02 EMPLOYER 
 (a) Employer Name Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 (b) The term Employer includes the following Related Employer(s) 
 (as defined in Section 2.01(a)(25)) participating in the Plan 
 Cboe Services Company EIN 11-3817385 
 BIDS Holdings, L.P. EIN 20-5087370 
 1.03 COVERAGE 
 (Check (a) and or (b).) 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 3 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(a) The following Employees are eligible to participate in the Plan (Check (1) or (2)) 
 (1) Only those Employees designated in writing by the Employer, which writing is 
 hereby incorporated herein. 
 (2) Only those Employees in the eligible class described below 
 Attained a position with an Employer of Vice President or above (except that any Employee 
 who was eligible to participate in the Plan on or before 1 1 2023 shall continue to be 
 considered eligible to participate in the Plan until his or her subsequent Separation from 
 Service 
 (b) The following Directors are eligible to participate in the Plan (Check (1) or (2)) 
 (1) Only those Directors designated in writing by the Employer, which writing is hereby 
 incorporated herein. 
 (2) All Directors of Cboe Global Markets, Inc., including, but not limited to, non-Employee Directors, 
 effective as of the later of the date in 1.01(b) or the date the Director becomes a Director. 
 Update eligibility to non-employee directors of the Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Board of Directors 
 (Note A designation in Section 1.03(a)(1) or Section 1.03(b)(1) or a description in 
 Section 1.03(a)(2) must include the effective date of such participation.) 
 1.04 COMPENSATION 
 (If Section 1.03(a) is selected, select (a) or (b). If Section 1.03(b) is selected, complete (c)) 
 For purposes of determining all contributions under the Plan 
 
 (a) Compensation shall be as defined, with respect to Employees, in the 
 ___________________Plan maintained by the Employer 
 (1) to the extent it is in excess of the limit imposed under Code section 401(a)(17). 
 (2) notwithstanding the limit imposed under Code section 401(a)(17). 
 (b) Compensation shall be as defined in Section 2.01(a)(9) with respect to Employees (Check (1), 
 and or (2) below, if, and as, appropriate) 
 (1) but excluding the following 
 
 See Attachment B 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 4 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(2) but excluding bonuses, except those bonuses listed in the table in 
 Section 1.05(a)(2). 
 (c) Compensation shall be as defined in Section 2.01(a)(9)(c) with respect to Directors, but excluding 
 the following _ 
 Any fees paid for service not related to Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 1.05 CONTRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES 
 (a) Deferral Contributions (Complete all that apply) 
 (1) Deferral Contributions. Subject to any minimum or maximum deferral amount 
 provided below, the Employer shall make a Deferral Contribution in accordance 
 with, and subject to, Section 4.01 on behalf of each Participant who has an 
 executed salary reduction agreement in effect with the Employer for the 
 applicable calendar year (or portion of the applicable calendar year). 
 Deferral Contributions 
 Type of Compensation 

Dollar Amount 

Amount 

Min 

Max 

Min 

Max 

Base Compensation 

50 

(Note With respect to each type of Compensation, list the minimum and maximum dollar 
 amounts or percentages as whole dollar amounts or whole number percentages.) 
 (2) Deferral Contributions with respect to Bonus Compensation only. The Employer 
 requires Participants to enter into a special salary reduction agreement to make 
 Deferral Contributions with respect to one or more Bonuses, subject to minimum 
 and maximum deferral limitations, as provided in the table below. 
 Deferral Contributions 
 Type of Bonus 

Treated As 

Dollar Amount 

Amount 

Performance 
 Based 

Non- 
 Performance 
 Based 

Min 

Max 

Min 

Max 

Bonus Compensation 

50 

(Note With respect to each type of Bonus, list the minimum and maximum dollar amounts or 
 percentages as whole dollar amounts or whole number percentages. In the event a bonus 
 identified as a Performance-based Bonus above does not constitute a Performance-based 
 Bonus with respect to any Participant, such Bonus will be treated as a Non-Performance-based 
 Bonus with respect to such Participant.) 
 (b) Matching Contributions (Choose (1) or (2) below, and (3) below, as applicable) 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 5 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(1) The Employer shall make a Matching Contribution on behalf of each Employee 
 Participant in an amount described below 
 (A) of the Employee Participant s Deferral Contributions for the calendar 
 year. 
 (B) The amount, if any, declared by the Employer in writing, which writing is 
 hereby incorporated herein. 
 (C) Other 
 (2) Matching Contribution Offset. For each Employee Participant who has made 
 elective contributions (as defined in 26 CFR section 1.401(k)-6 QP 
 Deferrals )) of the maximum permitted under Code section 402(g), or the 
 maximum permitted under the terms of the ___________________________ 
 Plan (the QP ), to the QP, the Employer shall make a Matching Contribution 
 in an amount equal to (A) minus (B) below 
 (A) The matching contributions (as defined in 26 CFR section 1.401(m)-1(a)(2) 
 QP Match )) that the Employee Participant would have received under the QP 
 on the sum of the Deferral Contributions and the Participant s QP Deferrals, 
 determined as though 
 no limits otherwise imposed by the tax law applied to such QP match 
 and 
 the Employee Participant s Deferral Contributions had been made to the 
 QP. 
 (B) The QP Match actually made to such Employee Participant under the QP for the 
 applicable calendar year. 
 Provided, however, that the Matching Contributions made on behalf of any Employee Participant 
 pursuant to this Section 1.05(b)(2) shall be limited as provided in Section 4.02 hereof. 
 (3) Matching Contribution Limits (Check the appropriate box (es)) 
 (A) Deferral Contributions in excess of of the Employee Participant s 
 Compensation for the calendar year shall not be considered for Matching 
 Contributions. 
 (B) Matching Contributions for each Employee Participant for each calendar year 
 shall be limited to . 
 (c) Employer Contributions 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 6 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(1) Fixed Employer Contributions. The Employer shall make an Employer Contribution 
 on behalf of each Employee Participant in an amount determined as described 
 below 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 (2) Discretionary Employer Contributions. The Employer may make Employer 
 Contributions to the accounts of Employee Participants in any amount (which 
 amount may be zero), as determined by the Employer in its sole discretion from time 
 to time in a writing, which is hereby incorporated herein. 
 1.06 CONTRIBUTIONS ON BEHALF OF DIRECTORS 
 (a) Director Deferral Contributions 
 The Employer shall make a Deferral Contribution in accordance with, and 
 subject to, Section 4.01 on behalf of each Director Participant who has an 
 executed deferral agreement in effect with the Employer for the applicable 
 calendar year (or portion of the applicable calendar year), which deferral 
 agreement shall be subject to any minimum and or maximum deferral amounts 
 provided in the table below. 
 Deferral Contributions 
 Type of Compensation 

Dollar Amount 

Amount 

Min 

Max 

Min 

Max 

Cboe Global Markets, Inc. Related 
 service 

0 

100 

Equity Comp for Board Members has separate document 
 (Note With respect to each type of Compensation, list the minimum and maximum dollar 
 amounts or percentages as whole dollar amounts or whole number percentages.) 
 (b) Matching and Employer Contributions 
 (1) Matching Contributions. The Employer shall make a Matching Contribution on 
 behalf of each Director Participant in an amount determined as described below 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 ________________________________________________________________. 
 (2) Fixed Employer Contributions. The Employer shall make an Employer Contribution 
 on behalf of each Director Participant in an amount determined as described below 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 7 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

___________________________________________________________________ 
 ___________________________________________________________________. 
 (3) Discretionary Employer Contributions. The Employer may make Employer 
 Contributions to the accounts of Director Participants in any amount (which amount 
 may be zero), as determined by the Employer in its sole discretion from time to 
 time, in a writing, which is hereby incorporated herein. 
 . 
 1.07 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 The form and timing of distributions from the Participant s vested Account shall be made consistent with 
 the elections in this Section 1.07. 
 (a) (1) Distribution options to be provided to Participants 
 (A) Specified 
 Date 

(B) Specified 
 Age 

(C) Separation 
 From Service 

(D) Earlier of 
 Separation or Age 

(E) Earlier of 
 Separation or 
 Specified Date 

(F) Disability 

(G) 
 Change 
 in 
 Control 

(H) Death 

Deferral 
 Contribution 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Matching 
 Contributions 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Employer 
 Contributions 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

(Note If the Employer elects (F), (G), or (H) above, the Employer must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or 
 (E) above, and the Participant must also elect (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) above. In the event the Employer 
 elects only a single payment trigger and or payment method above, then such single payment trigger and 
 or payment method shall automatically apply to the Participant. If the employer elects to provide for 
 payment upon a specified date or age, and the employer applies a vesting schedule to amounts that may 
 be subject to such payment trigger(s), the employer must apply a minimum deferral period, the number of 
 years of which must be greater than the number of years required for 100 vesting in any such amounts. 
 If the employer elects to provide for payment upon disability and or death, and the employer applies a 
 vesting schedule to amounts that may be subject to such payment trigger, the employer must also elect to 
 apply 100 vesting in any such amounts upon disability and or death.) 
 (2) A Participant incurs a Disability when the Participant (Check at least one if Section 
 1.07(a)(1)(F) or if Section 1.08(e)(3) is elected) 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 8 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(A) 

is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any 
 medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected 
 to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less 
 than 12 months. 

(B) 

X 

is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment 
 that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a 
 continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement 
 benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health 
 plan covering employees of the Employer. 

(C) 

X 

is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or 
 the Railroad Retirement Board. 

(D) 

is determined to be disabled pursuant to the following disability insurance 
 program ________________________________the definition of disability 
 under which complies with the requirements in regulations under Code 
 section 409A. 

(Note If more than one box above is checked, then the Participant will have a 
 Disability if he satisfies at least one of the descriptions corresponding to one of such 
 checked boxes.) 
 (3) Regardless of any payment trigger and, as applicable, payment method, to which the 
 Participant would otherwise be subject pursuant to (1) above, the first to occur of the 
 following Plan-level payment triggers will cause payment to the Participant commencing 
 pursuant to Section 1.07(c)(1) below in a lump sum, provided such Plan-level payment 
 trigger occurs prior to the payment trigger to which the Participant would otherwise be 
 subject. 
 Payment Trigger 

(A) 

Separation from Service prior to 
 ________________________________________ 

(B) 

Separation from Service 

(C) 

X 

Death 

(D) 

Change in Control 

(b) Distribution Election Change 
 A Participant 
 (1) X 

shall 

(2) 

shall not 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 9 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

be permitted to modify a scheduled distribution election in accordance with Section 8.01(b) 
 hereof. 
 (c) Commencement of Distributions 
 (1) Each lump sum distribution and the first distribution in a series of installment payments 
 (if applicable) shall commence as elected in (A), (B) or (C) below 
 (A) 

Monthly on the _______ day of the month which day next follows the 
 applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). 

(B) 

Quarterly on the _____ day of the following months ____________, 
 ______________, _______________, or____________ (list one month in 
 each calendar quarter) which day next follows the applicable triggering 
 event described in 1.07(a). 

(C) X 

Annually on the 1st day of February (month) which day next follows the 
 applicable triggering event described in 1.07(a). 

(Note Notwithstanding the above a six-month delay shall be imposed with respect to 
 certain distributions to Specified Employees a Participant who chooses payment on a 
 Specified Date will choose a month, year or quarter (as applicable) only, and payment will 
 be made on the applicable date elected in (A), (B) or (C) above that falls within such 
 month, year or quarter elected by the Participant.) 
 (2) The commencement of distributions pursuant to the events elected in Section 1.07(a)(1) 
 and Section 1.07(a)(3) shall be modified by application of the following 
 (A) 

Separation from Service Event Delay Separation from Service will be 
 treated as not having occurred for _____ months after the date of such 
 event. 

(B) 

Plan Level Delay all distribution events (other than those based on 
 Specified Date or Specified Age) will be treated as not having occurred 
 for _____ days (insert number of days but not more than 30). 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 10 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(d) Installment Frequency and Duration 
 If installments are available under the Plan pursuant to Section 1.07(a), a Participant shall be 
 permitted to elect that the installments will be paid (Complete 1 and 2 below) 
 (1) at the following intervals 
 (A) 

Monthly commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). 

(B) 

Quarterly commencing on the day elected in Section1.07 (c)(1) (with 
 payments made at three-month intervals thereafter). 

(C) X 

Annually commencing on the day elected in Section 1.07(c)(1). 

(2) over the following term(s) (Complete either (A) or (B)) 
 (A) Any term of whole years between 2 (minimum of 1) and 10 (maximum 
 of 30). 
 (B) Any of the whole year terms selected below. 
 1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

11 

12 

13 

14 

15 

16 

17 

18 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

(Note Only elect a term of one year if Section 1.07(d)(1)(A) and or Section 
 1.07(d)(1)(B) is elected above.) 
 (e) Conversion to Lump Sum 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary , if the Participant s vested 
 Account at the time such Account becomes payable to him hereunder does not 
 exceed ________ distribution of the Participant s vested Account shall 
 automatically be made in the form of a single lump sum at the time prescribed in 
 Section 1.07(c)(1). 

(f) Distribution Rules Applicable to Pre-effective Date Accruals 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 11 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

Benefits accrued under the Plan (subject to Code section 409A) prior to the date 
 in Section 1.01(b)(1) above are subject to distribution rules not described in 
 Section 1.07(a) through (e), and such rules are described in Attachment A Re 
 PRE EFFECTIVE DATE ACCRUAL DISTRIBUTION RULES. 

1.08 VESTING SCHEDULE 
 (a) (1) The Participant s vested percentage in Matching Contributions elected in Section 1.05(b) 
 shall be based upon the following schedule and unless Section 1.08(a)(2) is checked 
 below will be based on the elapsed time method as described in Section 7.03(b). 
 Years of Service 

Vesting 

(2) Vesting shall be based on the class year method as described in Section 7.03(c). 
 (b) (1) The Participant s vested percentage in Employer Contributions elected in Section 1.05(c) 
 shall be based upon the following schedule and unless Section 1.08(b)(2) is checked 
 below will be based on the elapsed time method as described in Section 7.03(b). 
 Years of Service 

Vesting 

(2) Vesting shall be based on the class year method as described in Section 7.03(c). 
 (c) Years of Service shall exclude (Check one.) 
 (1) for new plans, service prior to the Effective Date as defined in Section 
 1.01(b)(2)(A). 
 (2) for existing plans converting from another plan document, service prior to the 
 original Effective Date as defined in Section 1.01(b)(2)(B). 
 (Note Do not elect to apply this Section 1.08(c) if vesting is based only on the class year 
 method.) 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Participant will forfeit his Matching 
 Contributions and Employer Contributions (regardless of whether vested) upon the occurrence 
 of the following event(s) 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 12 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

(Note Contributions with respect to Directors, which are 100 vested at all times, are subject to 
 the rule in this subsection (d).) 
 (e) A Participant will be 100 vested in his Matching Contributions and Employer Contributions 
 upon (Check the appropriate box(es)) 
 (1) Retirement eligibility is the date the Participant attains age ___ and completes 
 ___ Years of Service, as defined in Section 7.03(b). 
 (2) Death. 
 (3) The date on which the Participant becomes disabled, as determined under Section 
 1.07(a)(2). 
 (Note Participants will automatically vest upon Change in Control if Section 
 1.07(a)(1)(G) is elected.) 
 (f) Years of Service in Section 1.08 (a)(1) and Section 1.08 (b)(1) shall include service with the 
 following employers 
 ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 1.09 INVESTMENT DECISIONS 
 A Participant s Account shall be treated as invested in the Permissible Investments as directed by 
 the Participant unless otherwise provided below 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 1.10 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
 The Employer may elect Option below and complete the Superseding Provisions Addendum to 
 describe overriding provisions that are not otherwise reflected in this Adoption Agreement. 
 The Employer has completed the Superseding Provisions Addendum to reflect the provisions of 
 the Plan that supersede provisions of this Adoption Agreement and or the Basic Plan Document. 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 13 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

EXECUTION PAGE 
 (Fidelity s Copy) 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Adoption Agreement to be executed this 4 th day of 
 September, 2024. 
 Employer Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 By s Stephanie Foley 
 Title EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 14 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

EXECUTION PAGE 
 (Employer's Copy) 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Adoption Agreement to be executed this 4 th day of 
 September, 2024. 
 Employer Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 By s Stephanie Foley 
 Title EVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 15 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

AMENDMENT EXECUTION PAGE 
 (Fidelity s Copy) 
 Plan Name Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan 
 Employer Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 (Note These execution pages are to be completed in the event the Employer modifies any prior election(s) or 
 makes a new election(s) in this Adoption Agreement. Attach the amended page(s) of the Adoption Agreement to 
 these execution pages.) 
 The following section(s) of the Plan are hereby amended effective as of the date(s) set forth below 
 Section Amended 

Effective Date 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment to be executed on the date below. 
 Employer 
 By 
 Title 
 Date 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 16 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

AMENDMENT EXECUTION PAGE 
 (Employer s Copy) 
 Plan Name Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan 
 Employer Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 (Note These execution pages are to be completed in the event the Employer modifies any prior election(s) or 
 makes a new election(s) in this Adoption Agreement. Attach the amended page(s) of the Adoption Agreement to 
 these execution pages.) 
 Section Amended 

Effective Date 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Employer has caused this Amendment to be executed on the date below. 
 Employer 
 By 
 Title 
 Date 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 17 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

ATTACHMENT A 
 Re PRE EFFECTIVE DATE ACCRUAL DISTRIBUTION RULES 
 Plan Name Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 18 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

ATTACHMENT B 
 Re SUPERSEDING PROVISIONS 
 for 
 Plan Name Cboe Global Markets Deferred Compensation Plan 
 (a) Superseding Provision(s) The following provisions supersede other provisions of this Adoption 
 Agreement and or the Basic Plan Document as described below 
 1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1.04, for purposes of determining Deferral 
 Contributions under the Plan, Compensation shall include only base compensation and bonuses. 
 Compensation shall specifically exclude amounts contributed by the employer under the Senior Executive 
 Cafeteria Plan. 
 2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 1.05(a)(1) and 1.05(a)(2), Deferral Contributions 
 shall be in whole and fractional percentages as designated by a Participant through Fidelity. 
 3. Section 1.07( a)(1) is modified by adding the following language thereto 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing the distribution options to be provided to Participants who are Directors 
 shall be as follows 
 (A) 
 Specified 
 Date 

(B) 
 Specified 
 Age 

(C) 
 Separation 
 From 
 Service 

(D) Earlier of 
 Separation or 
 Age 

(E) Earlier of 
 Separation or 
 Specified 
 Date 

(F) 
 Disability 

(G) 
 Change 
 in 
 Control 

(H) Death 

Deferral 
 Contribution 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Matching 
 Contributions 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Employer 
 Contributions 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

Lump 
 Sum 

Lump Sum 
 Installments 

4. If elected by the Participant on his or her initial election form, distribution of a Participant s entire interest 
 in the Plan shall be made after the date of consummation of a Change in Control in accordance with 
 Sections 1.07(a)(1)(G) and 1.07(c)(1) provided, however, that a Change in Control shall not include 
 (a) Any change in form of organization of Employer from a non-stock entity to a stock 
 corporation, or 
 (b) Any public offering of the Employer s shares of stock after it becomes a stock corporation. 

Plan Number 44315 ECM NQ 2007 AA 
 (07 2007) 
 
 Page 19 
 2007 Fidelity Management & Research Company 

If the Participant fails to make an election, Change in Control distribution shall not be made to the 
 Participant. 
 5. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Article 4.01, an election to defer Compensation shall 
 continue in effect for Compensation relating to all services performed in succeeding calendar years until 
 modified or revoked by Participant with a subsequent election pursuant to Article 4. 
 6. Article 7.02 shall be replaced in its entirety with the following 
 7.02. Death. If provided by the Employer in Section 1.08 (e)(2), the Account of a Participant or former 
 Participant who dies before the distribution of his entire Account will be 100 vested, provided that at 
 the time of his death he is earning Years of Services. 
 Each Participant from time to time, pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted to Fidelity, may 
 designate any legal or natural person or persons (who may be designated contingently or successively) to 
 whom his or her Plan interest is to be paid if he or she dies before receiving the entire balance thereof. A 
 beneficiary designation shall be effective only when the executed beneficiary form is delivered to the 
 Employer in writing or by other method prescribed by the Employer while the Participant is alive and will 
 cancel all beneficiary designation forms delivered earlier. If a deceased Participant fails to designate a 
 beneficiary prior to his or her death, or if all designated beneficiaries predecease the Participant, his or her 
 interest in the Plan shall be paid to his or her surviving spouse, or if none, to his or her lawful 
 descendants, per stirpes, or, if none survive him or her, to the legally appointed representatives of his or 
 her estate, or if none are appointed within six months after the date of his or her death, to his or her heirs 
 at law under the laws of descent and distribution of the state in which the Participant is domiciled the date 
 of death. 
 7. 8.01(e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any Specified Employee, if the 
 applicable payment trigger is Separation form Service, then payment shall not commence before the date 
 that is six months after the date of separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death or Disability of 
 the Specified Employee, pursuant to Section 7.02 and 7.07). Payments to which a Specified Employee 
 would otherwise be entitled during the first six months following the date of Separation form Service are 
 delayed by six months. 
 8. 8.01( f Article 8.01(f)( c shall be replaced in its entirety with the following 
 The Plan Sponsor shall pay the value of the entire Participant s Balance in a single lump sum if the 
 Participant s entire Account Balance, including any Specific Date account balances, at Separation form 
 Service if the balance is less than the Internal Revenue Code 402(g)(1)(B) limit 23,00 in 2024). The 
 single lump sum payment will be made at the time specified in Section 1.07(c)(1 ). 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 cboe-20240930xex103.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.3 
 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION (MARKED BY BRACKETS AS confidential treatment requested HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Amendment No. 24 to the License Agreement 

This Amendment No. 24 Amendment No. 24 ), effective as of September 1, 2024, Amendment Effective Date to the Restated License Agreement dated as of November 1, 1994, as previously amended by Amendment No. 1 effective January 15, 1995, Amendment No. 2 effective April 1, 1998, Amendment No. 3 effective July 28, 2000, Amendment No. 4 effective October 27, 2000, Amendment No. 5 effective March 1, 2003, Amended and Restated Amendment No. 6 effective February 24, 2009, Amended and Restated Amendment No. 7 effective February 24, 2009, Amendment No. 8 effective January 9, 2005, (Amendment No. 9 effective April 23, 2007 having been terminated as of February 24, 2009), Amendment No. 10 effective June 19, 2009, Amendment No. 11 effective April 29, 2010, Amendment No. 12 effective March 8, 2013, Amendment No. 13 effective December 21, 2017, Amendment No. 14 effective January 1, 2017, Amendment No. 15 effective January 15, 2019, Amendment No. 16 effective April 1, 2020, Amendment No. 17 effective August 1, 2020, Amendment No. 18 effective October 26, 2021, Amendment No. 19 effective February 23, 2022, Amendment No. 20 effective as of April 25, 2022, Amendment No. 21 effective as of October 20, 2022, Amendment No. 22 effective as of September 1, 2022, and Amendment No. 23 effective May 31, 2024 (collectively, the License Agreement ), is made by and between S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC S&P and Cboe Exchange, Inc. CBOE ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties desire to change the per contract rate payable by Cboe to S&P for futures based on a variance indicator, effective September 1, 2024. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the License Agreement. 
 
 2. Paragraph 1(2) of Exhibit C to Addendum No. 1 to the License Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 
 (2) Effective September 1, 2024, for Category I Products and Category II Products based on any Variance Indicator, a fee of confidential treatment requested per Contract provided, the foregoing per Contract rate is based upon a contract size determined using a multiplier of one. If the multiplier or contract size is changed, then the Parties shall renegotiate the per Contract rate in good faith. 
 
 3. Except as expressly modified hereby, all other provisions in the License Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 24 to be executed and effective as of the Amendment Effective Date. 

CBOE EXCHANGE, INC. 
 S&P DOW JONES INDICES LLC 
 Signature 
 s Catherine Clay 
 Signature 
 s Nashwan Hyder 
 Name 
 Catherine Clay 
 Name 
 Nashwan Hyder 
 Title 
 EVP, Global Head of Derivatives 
 Title 
 VP 
 Date 
 10 2 2024 
 Date 
 10 9 2024 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cboe-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Fredric J. Tomczyk, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated November 1, 2024 
 s Fredric J. Tomczyk Fredric J. Tomczyk Chief Executive Officer 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cboe-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jill M. Griebenow, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated November 1, 2024 
 s Jill M. Griebenow Jill M. Griebenow Chief Financial Officer 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 cboe-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Written Statement of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Fredric J. Tomczyk Fredric J. Tomczyk November 1, 2024 
 
 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 cboe-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Written Statement of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Jill M. Griebenow Jill M. Griebenow November 1, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cboe-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cboe-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cboe-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cboe-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cboe-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

