<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1455863_0001628280-24-046288.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9811332</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179219</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1507765</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3901352</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2142594</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1887632</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046288.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161654
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046288
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICOLD REALTY TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001455863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34723
		FILM NUMBER:		241436032

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 Glenlake Pkwy., Suite 800 S. Tower
		CITY:			Atlanta
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-441-1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 Glenlake Pkwy., Suite 800 S. Tower
		CITY:			Atlanta
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046288.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 art-20240930.htm
 10-Q

art-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to , 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (NYSE) 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at November 5, 2024 Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) Yes No x 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 4 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 72 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 74 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 74 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 74 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 75 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 75 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 75 
 Item 5. Other Information 75 
 Item 6. Exhibits 75 
 SIGNATURES 77 
 
 1 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains statements about future events and expectations that constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future financial and operating performance and growth plans, taking into account the information currently available to us. These statements are not statements of historical fact. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations of future results we express or imply in any forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Factors that could contribute to these differences include the following: 
 
 rising inflationary pressures, increased interest rates and operating costs; 
 labor and power costs; 
 labor shortages; 
 our relationship with our associates, the occurrence of any work stoppages or any disputes under our collective bargaining agreements and employment related litigation; 
 the impact of supply chain disruptions; 
 risks related to rising construction costs; 
 risks related to expansions of existing properties and developments of new properties, including failure to meet budgeted or stabilized returns within expected time frames, or at all, in respect thereof; 
 uncertainty of revenues, given the nature of our customer contracts; 
 acquisition risks, including the failure to identify or complete attractive acquisitions or failure to realize the intended benefits from our recent acquisitions; 
 difficulties in expanding our operations into new markets; 
 uncertainties and risks related to public health crises; 
 a failure of our information technology systems, systems conversions and integrations, cybersecurity attacks or a breach of our information security systems, networks or processes; 
 risks related to implementation of the new ERP system; 
 defaults or non-renewals of significant customer contracts; 
 risks related to privacy and data security concerns, and data collection and transfer restrictions and related foreign regulations; 
 changes in applicable governmental regulations and tax legislation; 
 risks related to current and potential international operations and properties; 
 actions by our competitors and their increasing ability to compete with us; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 the potential liabilities, costs and regulatory impacts associated with our in-house trucking services and the potential disruptions associated with our use of third-party trucking service providers to provide transportation services to our customers; 
 liabilities as a result of our participation in multi-employer pension plans; 
 risks related to the partial ownership of properties, including our JV investments; 
 risks related to natural disasters; 
 adverse economic or real estate developments in our geographic markets or the temperature-controlled warehouse industry; 
 changes in real estate and zoning laws and increases in real property tax rates; 
 general economic conditions; 
 2 

risks associated with the ownership of real estate generally and temperature-controlled warehouses in particular; 
 possible environmental liabilities; 
 uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage; 
 financial market fluctuations; 
 our failure to obtain necessary outside financing on attractive terms, or at all; 
 risks related to, or restrictions contained in, our debt financings; 
 decreased storage rates or increased vacancy rates; 
 the potential dilutive effect of our common stock offerings, including our ongoing at the market program; 
 the cost and time requirements as a result of our operation as a publicly traded REIT; and 
 our failure to maintain our status as a REIT. 
 
 The risks included here are not exhaustive, and additional factors could adversely affect our business and financial performance, including factors and risks included in other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Words such as anticipates, believes, continues, estimates, expects, goal, objectives, intends, may, opportunity, plans, potential, near-term, long-term, projections, assumptions, projects, guidance, forecasts, outlook, target, trends, should, could, would, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements may contain such words. We qualify any forward-looking statements entirely by these cautionary factors. Other risks, uncertainties and factors, including those discussed under Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. We assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future, except to the extent required by law. 
 
 As used in this report, unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our and the Company refer to Americold Realty Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Americold Realty Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and the subsidiary through which we conduct our business, which we refer to as our Operating Partnership or the Operating Partnership, and references to common stock refer to our common stock, 0.01 par value per share. 
 
 In addition, unless otherwise stated herein, when we refer to cubic feet in one of our temperature-controlled facilities, we refer to refrigerated cubic feet (as opposed to total cubic feet, refrigerated and otherwise) therein. 

3 

Item 1. Financial Statements Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (In thousands, except shares and per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Property, buildings, and equipment: Land Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Assets under construction Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, buildings, and equipment net Operating leases - net Financing leases - net Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Accounts receivable net of allowance of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Identifiable intangible assets net Goodwill Investments in and advances to partially owned entities Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Liabilities: Borrowings under revolving line of credit Accounts payable and accrued expenses Senior unsecured notes and term loans net of deferred financing costs of and , in the aggregate, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Sale-leaseback financing obligations Financing lease obligations Operating lease obligations Unearned revenue Deferred tax liability - net Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies 
 par value per share authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Paid-in capital Accumulated deficit and distributions in excess of net earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) (In thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rent, storage, and warehouse services Transportation services Third-party managed services Total revenues Operating expenses: Rent, storage, and warehouse services cost of operations Transportation services cost of operations Third-party managed services cost of operations Depreciation and amortization Selling, general, and administrative Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net Loss (gain) from sale of real estate ) ) Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments ) ) ) ) Loss from investments in partially owned entities ) ) ) ) Impairment of related party loan receivable ) Loss on put option ) Other, net Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit: Current income tax ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax Total income tax benefit Net loss: Net loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Americold Realty Trust, Inc. ) ) ) ) Weighted average common stock outstanding basic Weighted average common stock outstanding diluted Net loss per common share from continuing operations - basic ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share from discontinued operations - basic ) Basic loss per share ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share from continuing operations - diluted ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share from discontinued operations - diluted ) Diluted loss per share ) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) (In thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income - net of tax: Adjustment to accrued pension liability ) ) ) ) Unrealized net gain (loss) on foreign currency ) ) ) Unrealized net (loss) gain on cash flow hedges ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income - net of tax attributable to Americold Realty Trust, Inc. ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) (In thousands, except share amounts) Common Stock Accumulated Deficit and Distributions in Excess of Net Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Noncontrolling Interests Number of Shares Par Value Paid-in Capital Total Balance - December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Distributions on common stock, restricted stock and OP units ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issuance related to stock-based payment plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock issuance related to employee stock purchase plan Balance - March 31, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Distributions on common stock, restricted stock and OP units ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issuance related to stock-based payment plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Balance - June 30, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Distributions on common stock, restricted stock and OP units ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issuance related to stock-based payment plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Common stock issuance related to employee stock purchase plan Conversion of OP units to common stock ) Balance - September 30, 2024 ) ) 

7 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) (In thousands, except share amounts) Common Stock Accumulated Deficit and Distributions in Excess of Net Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Noncontrolling Interests Number of Shares Par Value Paid-in Capital Total Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Distributions on common stock, restricted stock and OP units ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issuance related to stock-based payment plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock issuance related to employee stock purchase plan Balance - March 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Distributions on common stock, restricted stock and OP units ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issuance related to stock-based payment plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Conversion of OP units to common stock ) Balance - June 30, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Distributions on common stock, restricted stock and OP units ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issuance related to stock-based payment plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Common stock issuance related to employee stock purchase plan Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Balance - September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and pension withdrawal liability Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments Loss from investments in partially owned entities Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Gain from sale of real estate ) ) (Gain) loss from other asset disposals ) Impairment of indefinite and long-lived assets Provision for doubtful accounts receivable Impairment of related party loan receivable Loss on put option Loss on classification of Comfrio as held for sale Non-cash lease expenses Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other assets ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Additions to property, buildings and equipment ) ) Business combinations ) Acquisitions of property, buildings and equipment ) Investments in and advances to partially owned entities and other ) ) Net payments for sale of business (discontinued operations) ) Proceeds from sale of property, buildings and equipment Proceeds from sale of investments in partially owned entities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Distributions paid on common stock, restricted stock units and noncontrolling interests ) ) Proceeds from stock options exercised Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Remittance of withholding taxes related to employee stock-based transactions ) ) Proceeds from revolving line of credit Repayment on revolving line of credit ) ) Repayment of sale-leaseback financing obligations ) ) Termination of sale-leaseback financing obligations ) Repayment of financing lease obligations ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Effect of foreign currency translation on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Beginning of period End of period 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (Continued) (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Addition of property, buildings and equipment on accrual Addition of property, buildings and equipment under financing lease obligations Addition of property, buildings and equipment under operating lease obligations Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid net of amounts capitalized Income taxes paid net of refunds As of September 30, Allocation of purchase price of property, buildings and equipment to: 2024 2023 Land Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Cash paid for acquisitions of property, buildings and equipment 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Allocation of purchase price to business combinations: Assets of discontinued operations - held for sale Accounts payable and accrued expenses (1) 
 Liabilities of discontinued operations - held for sale ) Total consideration See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1. 
 warehouses globally, with in North America, in Europe, in Asia-Pacific, and in South America as of September 30, 2024. 
 Our business includes primary business segments: warehouse, transportation and third-party managed. We have minority interests in joint ventures: SuperFrio (operates temperature-controlled warehouses in Brazil) and RSA (operates temperature-controlled warehouses in Dubai). 
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
 
 11 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 million of our common stock through an ATM Equity Program (the Prior ATM Equity Program ). Sales of our common stock made pursuant to the Prior ATM Equity Program could be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the NYSE, or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange, or as otherwise agreed between the applicable Agent and the Company. Sales could also be made on a forward basis pursuant to separate forward sale agreements. 
 During August 2023, we sold common shares under the Prior ATM Equity Program for net proceeds of million . The net proceeds from sales of our common stock pursuant to the Prior ATM Equity Program were used to repay a portion of the revolver borrowings . 
 On November 9, 2023, we entered into an equity distribution agreement that was substantially identical to and replaced the prior equity distribution agreement, pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an additional million of our common shares through our ATM Equity Program (the Current ATM Equity Program ). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not sell any shares of our common stock under the Current ATM Equity Program. 
 Project Orion 
 In February 2023, we announced our transformation program Project Orion designed to drive future growth and achieve our long-term strategic objectives, through investment in our technology systems and business processes across our global platform. The project includes the implementation of a new, best-in-class, cloud-based enterprise resource planning ERP software system. The primary goals of this project are to streamline standard processes, reduce manual work and incrementally improve our business analytics capabilities. Highlights of the project include implementing centralized customer billing operations, a global payroll and human capital management platform, next-generation warehouse maintenance capabilities, global procurement functionality and shared-service operations in certain international regions, among others. We expect the benefits of these initiatives to include revenue and margin improvements through pricing data and analytics and heightened customer contract 
 12 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 million of implementation costs related to Project Orion, including expenses reported in Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and costs deferred in Other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The unamortized balance of the Project Orion deferred costs was million as of September 30, 2024. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company deployed the first phase of Project Orion. The implementation costs deferred within Other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are now being amortized through Selling, general, and administrative expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The useful lives of the Company s internal-use software and capitalized cloud computing implementation costs are generally three to . However, the useful lives of major information system installations, such as implementations of ERP systems and certain related software, are determined on an individual basis and may exceed depending on the estimated period of use. The Company has determined the useful life of the new ERP system to be and is amortizing the costs associated with the ERP implementation on a straight line basis over such period. The amortization expense recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the Project Orion ERP implementation was million and million, respectively. 
 For further information regarding Project Orion, refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 
 Cybersecurity Incident 
 On April 26, 2023, the Company became aware of a cybersecurity incident impacting a certain number of our systems and partially impacting operations for a limited period of time (the Cyber Incident ). The Company engaged an external cyber security expert to initiate responses to contain and remediate the incident, and conduct a forensic investigation. Actions taken included preventative measures such as shutting down certain operating systems, supplementing existing security monitoring with additional scanning and other protective measures. The Company also notified law enforcement and its customers, informing them of both the incident and management s efforts to minimize its impact on the Company s daily operations. Technology information systems were reintroduced in a controlled phased approach and all locations successfully resumed operations at pre-cyberattack levels by June 30, 2023. 
 As noted above, the Company engaged a leading cybersecurity defense firm that completed a forensic investigation of the incident and provided recommended actions in response to the findings. The Company has completed many of the recommended remediation activities associated with the Cyber Incident. We continue to enhance our policies and procedures meant to assess, identify, and effectively manage cybersecurity risks, threats, and incidents. 
 Incremental charges recorded in conjunction with remediation and response efforts associated with the Cyber Incident have been recorded net of insurance recoveries within Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. This amount was primarily comprised of incremental internal labor costs, professional fees, customer claims, and related insurance deductibles. 
 13 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of foreign currency remeasurement recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations within Other, net was a loss of million and a loss of million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of foreign currency remeasurement recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations within Other, net was a gain of million and a loss of million, respectively. The amount recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes an adjustment related to our net investment hedges further described in Note 5 - Derivative Financial Instruments to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the amount of foreign currency translation recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) within Unrealized net gain (loss) on foreign currency was a gain of million and a loss of million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of foreign currency translation recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) within Unrealized net gain (loss) on foreign currency was a loss of million and a loss of million, respectively. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased facilities in the Company s lease portfolio that were previously accounted for as failed sale-leaseback financing obligations. Total cash outflows related to these purchases of million are included within Termination of sale-leaseback financing obligations on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 These purchases resulted in the recognition of a million loss on debt extinguishment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These amounts are recognized within Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations included herein. 
 14 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

2. 
 of equity ownership in Agrofundo Brazil II Fundode Investimento em Participa es or the Comfrio joint venture. The joint venture agreement included a fair value call/put option that allowed the remaining interest in Comfrio to be either purchased by or sold to the Company through either the exercise of the Company s call option or the exercise of the general partner s put option. Once the exercise of the put was deemed probable, the Company remeasured its equity interest, which was deemed to be nominal, and the fair value of the put option, which resulted in a loss of million recognized within Loss on put option in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The fair value of the put option was determined using inputs classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. In April 2023, the parties received regulatory approval from the Brazilian government, and the acquisition closed on May 30, 2023. 
 Upon acquisition, the Company committed to a plan to sell Comfrio in its present condition and initiated a program to locate a buyer and complete the disposition. In August 2023, the Company sold the assets and liabilities of Comfrio. The Comfrio acquisition and disposition are further described i n Note 3 - Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 
 15 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 Operating expenses Estimated costs of disposal Loss from partial investment pre-acquisition Gain from sale of Comfrio ) ) Pre-tax gain (loss) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Gain (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Comfrio, in which Comfrio borrowed million from Americold at a annual fixed interest rate. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company fully impaired the remaining balance and recognized the entire loss within Impairment of related party loan receivable in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Sale of Outstanding Minority Ownership in LATAM JV 
 On May 30, 2023, the Company sold its equity interest to our JV partner for total proceeds of million and recognized a corresponding gain of million in Other, net, in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 3. 
 Acquisition and integration related costs Severance costs Other, net ) Cyber incident related costs, net of insurance recoveries ) Total acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net 
 Project Orion expenses represent the non-capitalizable portion of our Project Orion costs. Project Orion is an investment in and transformation of our technology systems, business processes and customer solutions. The first phase of the project was deployed during the second quarter of 2024. See Note 1 - General to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements herein for further details on the overall project description and related amortization of deferred costs. 
 Acquisition related costs include costs associated with business transactions, whether consummated or not, such as advisory, legal, accounting, valuation and other professional or consulting fees. We also include integration 
 16 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

4. 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loans Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility Total principal amount of indebtedness Less: unamortized deferred financing costs 
 ) ) Total indebtedness, net of deferred financing costs 
 
 Public Senior Unsecured Notes Offering 
 On September 12, 2024, we completed an underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of the Operating Partnership s senior unsecured notes (the Public Senior Unsecured Notes due September 12, 2034. The Public Senior Unsecured Notes were offered pursuant to the Registration Statement further described in Note 1 - General l to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Public Senior Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of the Company, Americold Realty Operations, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and a limited partner of the Operating Partnership, and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The Public Senior Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, and interest is payable on March 12 and September 12 of each year, with the first payment occurring March 12, 2025. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Public Senior Unsecured Notes, we incurred approximately million of debt issuance costs related to the issuance. The Company determined that the difference between amortizing such fees using the effective interest rate method and the straight line method was immaterial. Therefore, the fees will be recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the Public Senior Unsecured Notes as Interest expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The proceeds from the issuance of the Public Senior 
 17 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding unsecured debt of the Company, the Operating Partnership and their respective subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Public Senior Unsecured Notes also contain certain financial covenants required on a quarterly or occurrence basis, as defined in the offering prospectus, including: 
 a maximum total indebtedness to total assets ratio of less than to ; 
 a maximum total secured indebtedness to total assets ratio of less than to ; and 
 a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than to . 
 The indenture governing the Public Senior Unsecured Notes contains additional covenants customary for similar offerings, including, without limitation, that any subsidiary which becomes a co-borrower, guarantor or otherwise becomes obligated under our Senior Unsecured Term Loans or Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility must also fully and unconditionally guarantee the Public Senior Unsecured Notes. The following table provides additional details of all Senior Unsecured Notes as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Stated Maturity Date Contractual Interest Rate Borrowing Currency Carrying Amount (USD) Borrowing Currency Carrying Amount (USD) Private Series A Notes 
 01/2026 Private Series B Notes 
 01/2029 Private Series C Notes 
 01/2030 Private Series D Notes 
 01/2031 Private Series E Notes 
 01/2033 Public 5.409 Notes 09/2034 Total Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 The following table provides additional details of our Senior Unsecured Term Loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 18 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

SOFR + 
 Tranche A-2 01/2028 CORRA + 
 C CDOR + 
 C Delayed Draw Tranche A-3 01/2028 SOFR + 
 SOFR + 
 Total Senior Unsecured Term Loan Facility 
 
 (1) SOFR = one-month Adjusted Term SOFR; CDOR = one-month CDOR; CORRA = daily adjusted CORRA. Tranche A-1 and Tranche A-3 SOFR includes an adjustment of , in addition to the margin. Tranche A-2 CORRA includes and adjustment of , in addition to the margin. Refer to Note 5 - Derivative Financial Instruments for details of the related interest rate swaps. 
 (2) Note that the terms of debt agreement for Tranche A-1 includes an option for two one-year extensions. 
 The following table provides the details of our Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Denomination of Draw Contractual Interest Rate (1) 
 Borrowing Currency Carrying Amount (USD) Contractual Interest Rate (1) 
 Borrowing Currency Carrying Amount (USD) U.S. dollar SOFR + 
 Australian dollar BBSW + 
 A BBSW + 
 A British pound sterling SONIA + 
 SONIA + 
 Canadian dollar CORRA + 
 C CDOR + 
 C Euro EURIBOR + 
 EURIBOR + 
 New Zealand dollar BKBM + 
 NZD BKBM + 
 NZD Total Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 (1) SOFR = daily adjusted SOFR; CDOR = one-month CDOR; CORRA = daily adjusted CORRA; EURIBOR = one-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR); SONIA = Adjusted Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate; BBSW = Bank Bill Swap Rate; BKBM = Bank Bill Reference Rate. We have elected Daily SOFR for the entirety of our U.S. dollar denominated borrowings shown above, which includes an adjustment of , in addition to the margin. Our British pound sterling borrowings bore interest tied to adjusted SONIA, which included an adjustment of in addition to our margin. Our Canadian dollar borrowings bore interest tied to daily adjusted CORRA, which included an adjustment of in addition to our margin. 
 Refer to Note 9 - Debt of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC for further details of our outstanding indebtedness. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 
 5. 
 million and million of debt and accrued interest as a hedge of our net investment in the respective international subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2023, the Company designated million , A million and million debt and accrued interest as a hedge of our net investment in the respective international subsidiaries. The remeasurement of these instruments is recorded in Unrealized net (loss) gain on foreign currency on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of C omprehensive Income (Loss). 
 19 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 million of debt and accrued interest as a hedge of its net investment in its United Kingdom-based subsidiary did not qualify for hedge accounting, and the cumulative foreign exchange gain associated with this transaction of million, previously classified within Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, has been recorded as a gain on foreign exchange within Other, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 The Company has determined that the impacts of this adjustment are immaterial to the current and prior period interim and annual financial statements and disclosures. Furthermore, the Company fully paid off the balance of this revolving debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 The Company is subject to volatility in interest rates due to variable-rate debt. To manage this risk, the Company periodically enters into interest rate swap agreements. These agreements involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts in exchange for fixed-rate interest payments over the life of the respective swap agreement without an exchange of the underlying notional amount. The Company s objective for utilizing these derivative instruments is to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in cash flows due to changes in interest rates. 
 million 
 12/29/2023 7/30/2027 million 
 11/30/2022 7/30/2027 million 
 11/01/2022 12/31/2027 C million 
 9/23/2022 12/31/2027 Total 
 Notional Fixed Base Interest Rate Swap Effective Date Expiration Date Asset Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 
 Liability Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 
 million 
 12/29/2023 7/30/2027 million 
 11/30/2022 7/30/2027 million 
 11/01/2022 12/31/2027 C million 
 9/23/2022 12/31/2027 Total 
 In addition, the Company is subject to volatility in foreign exchange rates due to its foreign-currency denominated intercompany loan. The Company implemented a cross-currency swap to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk on its intercompany loan. This agreement effectively mitigates the Company s exposure to fluctuations in cash flows due to foreign exchange rate risk. This agreement involves the receipt of fixed USD amounts in exchange for payment of fixed Australian Dollar amounts over the life of the intercompany loan. The entirety of the Company s outstanding intercompany loan receivable balance of A million was hedged under the cross-currency swap agreement at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . 
 There have been no significant changes to our policy or strategy related to derivative financial instruments from what was disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that an additional million will be reclassified as a decrease to Foreign currency exchange loss (a 
 20 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 million will be reclassified as a decrease to Interest expense and a corresponding increase to operating cash flows. 
 The Company determines the fair value of its derivative instruments using a present value calculation with significant observable inputs classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Derivative asset balances are recorded on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets within Other assets and derivative liability balances are recorded on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets within Accounts payable and accrued expenses . 
 Interest rate contracts Total fair value of derivatives 
 The following tables present the effect of the Company s derivative financial instruments on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, including the impacts to Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income AOCI (in thousands): 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income on Derivative Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income into Income Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest rate contracts ) Interest expense Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments (1) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) Foreign currency exchange loss, net ) Interest expense Total designated cash flow hedges ) 
 (1) In conjunction with the termination of interest rate swaps in 2020, the Company recorded amounts in other comprehensive income that have been fully reclassified as an adjustment to earnings over the term of the original hedges and respective borrowings. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an increase to Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments related to this transaction. 
 21 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 Interest expense Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments (1) 
 ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) Foreign currency exchange loss, net ) Interest expense Total designated cash flow hedges 
 (1) In conjunction with the termination of interest rate swaps in 2020, the Company recorded amounts in other comprehensive income that will be reclassified as an adjustment to earnings over the term of the original hedges and respective borrowings. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an increase to Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments related to this transaction. 
 In 2020, the Company terminated the interest rate swaps related to the 2020 Senior Unsecured Credit Facility for a fee of million, of which million was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and has been fully amortized to Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company does not present the effect of netting arrangements on a net basis in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 ) Offsetting of Derivative Liabilities Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received Net Amount Derivatives ) ) ) 
 There were no impacts from netting arrangements as of December 31, 2023. 
 22 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

6. 
 Interest rate swap liabilities Level 2 Cross currency swap asset Level 2 Disclosed at fair value: Senior unsecured notes, term loans, and revolving credit facility Level 3 
 
 7. 
 
 8. 
 million, which represents management s best estimate of the amount of 
 23 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 24 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

25 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 9. ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits: 
 Balance at beginning of period, net of tax 
 Loss arising during period ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period, net of tax 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments: 
 Balance at beginning of period, net of tax 
 ) ) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Derivative net investment hedges ) ) Net gain (loss) on foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at end of period, net of tax 
 ) ) ) ) Designated derivatives: 
 Balance at beginning of period, net of tax 
 Cash flow hedge derivatives ) Net amount reclassified from AOCI to net loss ) ) ) ) Net (loss) gain on designated derivatives ) ) Balance at end of period, net of tax 
 Closing accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) 
 26 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 10. 
 reportable segments: Warehouse, Transportation and Third-party Managed. Our reportable segments are strategic business units separated by service offerings. Each reportable segment is managed separately and requires different operational and marketing strategies. 
 Our chief operating decision maker uses revenues and segment contribution to evaluate segment performance. We calculate segment contribution as earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and excluding corporate selling, general and administrative expense, acquisition, cyber incident and other expense, impairment of long-lived assets, gain or loss on sale of real estate and all components of non-operating other income and expense. Selling, general and administrative functions support all the business segments. Therefore, the related expense is not allocated to segments as the chief operating decision maker does not use it to evaluate segment performance. 
 Segment contribution is not a measurement of financial performance under U.S. GAAP, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Therefore, segment contribution should not be considered an alternative to operating income determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 27 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 Transportation Third-party managed Total revenues Segment contribution: Warehouse Transportation Third-party managed Total segment contribution Reconciling items: Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Selling, general, and administrative ) ) ) ) Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net ) ) ) ) (Loss) gain from sale of real estate ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments ) ) ) ) Loss from investments in partially owned entities ) ) ) ) Impairment of related party loan receivable ) Loss on put option ) Other, net Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) ) ) 
 
 11. 
 28 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, potential common shares under the treasury stock method and the if-converted method were antidilutive because the Company reported a net loss for such periods. Consequently, the Company did not have any adjustments between basic and diluted loss per share related to stock-based awards for those periods. 
 OP units 
 
 12. 
 Warehouse services 
 Transportation 
 Third-party managed 
 Total revenues (1) 
 Lease revenue (2) 
 Total revenues from contracts with all customers 
 
 29 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 Warehouse services 
 Transportation 
 Third-party managed 
 Total revenues (1) 
 Lease revenue (2) 
 Total revenues from contracts with all customers 
 (1) Revenues are within the scope of ASC 606, Revenue From Contracts with Customers. Elements of contracts or arrangements that are in the scope of other standards (e.g., leases) are separated and accounted for under those standards. 
 (2) Revenues are within the scope of ASC 842, Leases . 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Total Warehouse rent and storage 
 Warehouse services 
 Transportation 
 Third-party managed 
 Total revenues (1) 
 Lease revenue (2) 
 Total revenues from contracts with all customers 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Total Warehouse rent and storage 
 Warehouse services 
 Transportation 
 Third-party managed 
 Total revenues (1) 
 Lease revenue (2) 
 Total revenues from contracts with all customers 
 (1) Revenues are within the scope of ASC 606, Revenue From Contracts with Customers. Elements of contracts or arrangements that are in the scope of other standards (e.g., leases) are separated and accounted for under those standards. 
 (2) Revenues are within the scope of ASC 842, Leases . 
 30 

Americold Realty Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

 constrained and not included in the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied performance obligations disclosed below, given the degree in difficulty in estimation. Payment terms are generally - days upon billing, which is typically monthly, either in advance or subsequent to the performance of services. The same payment terms typically apply for arrangements containing variable consideration. 
 The Company has no material warranties or obligations for allowances, refunds or other similar obligations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had billion of remaining unsatisfied performance obligations from contracts with customers subject to a non-cancellable term and within contracts that have an original expected duration exceeding one year. These obligations also do not include variable consideration beyond the non-cancellable term, which due to the inability to quantify by estimate, is fully constrained. The Company expects to recognize approximately of these remaining performance obligations as revenue in 2024, and the remaining to be recognized over a weighted average period of years through 2042. 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in accounts receivable (contract assets), and unearned revenue (contract liabilities) on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Generally, billing occurs monthly, subsequent to revenue recognition, resulting in contract assets. However, the Company may bill and receive advances or deposits from customers, particularly on storage and handling services, before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities. These assets and liabilities are reported on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the contract asset and liability balances during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were not materially impacted by any other factors. 
 Receivable balances related to contracts with customers accounted for under ASC 606 were million and million million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. All other trade receivable balances relate to contracts accounted for under ASC 842. 
 Balances in unearned revenue related to contracts with customers were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Substantially all revenue that was included in the contract liability balances at the beginning of 2023 has been recognized as of September 30, 2024, and represents revenue from the satisfaction of monthly storage and handling services with average customer inventory turns of approximately days. 
 31 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding our expectation for future performance, liquidity and capital resources, that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause such differences include those identified below and those described in Part I of this report under 'Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements' and 'Risk Factors' in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Management s Overview 
 Americold Realty Trust, Inc. together with its subsidiaries ART , Americold , the Company , us or we is a Maryland corporation that operates as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company is a global leader in temperature-controlled storage, logistics, real estate and value added services, and is focused on the ownership, operation, acquisition and development of temperature-controlled warehouses. The Company operates 239 warehouses globally, totaling approximately 1.4 billion cubic feet, with 195 in North America, 25 in Europe, 17 in Asia-Pacific, and two in South America as of September 30, 2024. 
 Our business includes three primary business segments: warehouse, transportation and third-party managed. We have minority interests in two joint ventures: SuperFrio (operates 35 temperature-controlled warehouses in Brazil) and RSA (operates two temperature-controlled warehouses in Dubai). 
 
 Focus on Our Operational Effectiveness and Cost Structure 
 Our ongoing initiatives, some of which are detailed below, focus on streamlining business operations and reducing costs. This includes i) centralizing processes; ii) implementing operational standards; iii) adopting new technology; iv) enhancing health and safety programs; v) leveraging our networks purchasing power; and vi) fully integrating acquired assets and businesses. Such realignments have allowed us to acquire new talent and strengthen our service offerings. 
 Additionally, as part of our initiatives to streamline our business processes and to reduce our cost structure, we have evaluated and exited less strategic and profitable markets or business lines, including the sale of certain warehouse assets, the exit of certain leased facilities, and the exit of certain managed warehouse agreements. Through our process of active portfolio management, we continue to evaluate our markets and offerings. 
 Other costs reduction initiatives 
 To reduce facility costs, we have invested in energy efficiency projects, including LED lighting, thermal and solar energy storage, motion-sensor technology, variable frequency drives, third party efficiency reviews, real-time energy consumption monitoring, rapid open and close doors, and alternative-power generation technologies. We have also fine-tuned our refrigeration systems, implemented rain water harvesting and energy management practices, as well as increased our participation in Power Demand Response programs with some of our power suppliers. These initiatives have allowed us to reduce our consumption of kilowatt hours and energy spend. 
 32 

Key Factors Affecting Our Business and Financial Results 
 Cybersecurity Incident 
 On April 26, 2023, the Company became aware of a cybersecurity incident impacting a certain number of our systems and partially impacting operations for a limited period of time (the Cyber Incident ). The Company engaged an external cyber security expert to initiate responses to contain and remediate the incident, and conduct a forensic investigation. Actions taken included preventative measures such as shutting down certain operating systems, supplementing existing security monitoring with additional scanning and other protective measures. The Company also notified law enforcement and its customers, informing them of both the incident and management s efforts to minimize its impact on the Company s daily operations. Technology information systems were reintroduced in a controlled phased approach and all locations successfully resumed operations at pre-cyberattack levels by June 30, 2023. 
 As noted above, the Company engaged a leading cybersecurity defense firm that completed a forensic investigation of the incident and provided recommended actions in response to the findings. The Company has completed many of the recommended remediation activities associated with the Cyber Incident. We continue to enhance our policies and procedures meant to assess, identify, and effectively manage cybersecurity risks, threats, and incidents. 
 Incremental charges recorded in conjunction with remediation and response efforts associated with the Cyber Incident have been recorded net of insurance recoveries within Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. This amount was primarily comprised of incremental internal labor costs, professional fees, customer claims, and related insurance deductibles. 
 Sale of Outstanding Minority Ownership in LATAM JV 
 On May 31, 2022, we formed a joint venture, Americold LATAM Holdings Ltd (the LATAM JV ), with Cold LATAM Limited (our JV partner ). We contributed our Chilean business upon formation of the joint venture and retained the remaining 15 equity interests in the joint venture. The Company recorded an initial fair value of 37.0 million within Investments in partially owned entities and other on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. On May 30, 2023, our outstanding minority ownership was sold for proceeds of 36.9 million and a gain of 0.3 million. 
 Project Orion 
 In February 2023, we announced our transformation program Project Orion designed to drive future growth and achieve our long-term strategic objectives, through investment in our technology systems and business processes across our global platform. The project includes the implementation of a new, best-in-class, cloud-based enterprise resource planning ERP software system. The primary goals of this project are to streamline standard processes, reduce manual work and incrementally improve our business analytics capabilities. Highlights of the project include implementing centralized customer billing operations, a global payroll and human capital management platform, next-generation warehouse maintenance capabilities, global procurement functionality and shared-service operations in certain international regions, among others. We expect the benefits of these initiatives to include revenue and margin improvements through pricing data and analytics and heightened customer contract governance, finance and human resources cost reductions, information technology applications and infrastructure rationalization, reduced employee turnover, working capital efficiency and reduced IT maintenance capital expenditures. The activities associated with Project Orion are expected to be substantially complete within three 
 33 

years from the project s start date. Since inception, the Company has incurred 138.3 million of implementation costs related to Project Orion, including expenses reported in Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and costs deferred in Other assets ,on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The unamortized balance of the Project Orion deferred costs was 76.0 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company deployed the first phase of Project Orion. The implementation costs deferred within Other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are now being amortized through Selling, general, and administrative expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The useful lives of the Company s internal-use software and capitalized cloud computing implementation costs are generally three to five years. However, the useful lives of major information system installations, such as implementations of ERP systems and certain related software, are determined on an individual basis and may exceed five years depending on the estimated period of use. The Company has determined the useful life of the new ERP system to be ten years and is amortizing the costs associated with the ERP implementation on a straight line basis over such period. The amortization expense recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the Project Orion ERP implementation was 1.8 million and 2.4 million, respectively. 
 For further information regarding Project Orion, refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased eleven facilities in the Company s lease portfolio that were previously accounted for as failed sale-leaseback financing obligations. Total cash outflows related to these purchases of 191.0 million are included within Termination of sale-leaseback financing obligations on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 These purchases resulted in the recognition of a 115.1 million loss on debt extinguishment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These amounts are recognized within Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations included herein. 
 
 Significant Risks and Uncertainties 
 Refer to Item 1A - Risk Factors of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 
 34 

Seasonality 
 We specialize in providing services to businesses within the food industry whose businesses are often seasonal or cyclical. On average the first and second quarter segment contributions, as defined below, are relatively consistent. On a portfolio-wide basis, physical occupancy rates are generally the lowest during May and June and gradually increase thereafter, due to annual harvests and our customers focus on building inventories for end-of-year holidays, which generally peak between mid-September and early December. The external temperature reaches annual peaks for a majority of our portfolio during the third and fourth quarter of the year resulting in increased power expenses. 
 To manage earnings volatility due to seasonality, we have implemented fixed commitment contracts with certain customers. These fixed commitment contracts obligate our customers to pay for guaranteed warehouse space to maintain required inventory levels, particularly during peak occupancy periods. Our diverse customer base also mitigates the impact of seasonality as peak demand for various products occurs at different times of the year (for example, demand for ice cream is typically highest in the summer while demand for frozen turkeys usually peaks in the late fall). Additionally, our southern hemisphere operations in Australia, New Zealand and South America complement the growing and harvesting cycles in North America and Europe, further balancing seasonality s impact on our operations. 
 
 Foreign Currency Translation Impact on Our Operations 
 Our consolidated revenues and expenses are impacted by foreign currency fluctuations, which can significantly affect our results. However, revenues and expenses from our international operations are typically denominated in the local currency of the country in which they are derived, which partially mitigates the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. 
 The following table shows a comparison of underlying spot and average exchange rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Amounts presented in constant currency within our results of operations are calculated by applying the average foreign exchange rate from the comparable prior year period to actual local currency results in the current period. While constant currency metrics are a non-GAAP calculation and do not represent actual results, the comparison allows the reader to understand the impact of operations excluding changes in foreign exchange rates. We provide reconciliations of these measures in the discussions of our comparative results of operations below. Our discussion of the drivers of our performance below are based upon U.S. GAAP. 
 35 

Spot Foreign exchange rates Average foreign exchange rates for the three months ended Average foreign exchange rates for the nine months ended 
 Spot Foreign exchange rates Average foreign exchange rates for the three months ended (1) 
 Average 
 foreign exchange rate for the nine months ended (1) 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Argentinian peso 0.001 0.001 0.001 0.003 0.003 0.004 Australian dollar 0.691 0.670 0.662 0.644 0.654 0.669 Brazilian real 0.184 0.180 0.191 0.199 0.205 0.200 British pound 1.337 1.301 1.277 1.220 1.266 1.244 Canadian dollar 0.739 0.733 0.735 0.737 0.745 0.743 Chilean peso 0.001 0.001 0.001 0.001 0.001 0.001 Euro 1.114 1.100 1.087 1.057 1.088 1.083 New Zealand dollar 0.634 0.611 0.610 0.600 0.605 0.618 Polish zloty 0.260 0.257 0.253 0.229 0.242 0.236 
 (1) Prior period exchange rates used to adjust current period operating results for constant currency metrics used herein. 
 
 How We Assess the Performance of Our Business 
 Segment Contribution Net Operating Income NOI 
 We evaluate the performance of our primary business segments based on their NOI contribution to our overall results of operations which aligns with how our decision makers evaluate performance. 
 Warehouse segment contribution NOI is calculated as warehouse segment revenues less its cost of operations (excluding any Depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, corporate-level Selling, general, and administrative expenses, corporate-level Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net, and Loss (gain) from sale of real estate). 
 Warehouse rent and storage contribution NOI is calculated as warehouse rent and storage revenues less power and other facilities cost. 
 Warehouse services contribution NOI is calculated as warehouse services revenues less labor and other service costs. 
 Transportation segment contribution NOI is calculated as transportation segment revenues less its cost of operations (excluding any Depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, corporate-level Selling, general, and administrative expenses, corporate-level Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net, and Loss (gain) from sale of real estate). 
 Third-Party Managed contribution NOI is calculated as third-party managed segment revenues less its cost of operations (excluding any Depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, corporate-level Selling, general, and administrative expenses, corporate-level Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net, and Loss (gain) from sale of real estate). 
 Contribution NOI margin for each of these operations is calculated as the applicable NOI measure divided by the applicable revenue measure. 
 Segment NOI and NOI margin contribution metrics help investors understand revenue, costs, and earnings among service types. These NOI contribution measures are supplemental and are not measurements of financial 
 36 

performance under U.S. GAAP. We provide reconciliations of these measures in the results of operations sections below. 
 
 Same Store Analysis 
 We believe that same store metrics are key performance indicators commonly used in the real estate industry. Evaluating the performance of our real estate portfolio on a same store basis allows investors to evaluate performance in a way that is consistent period to period. We define our same store population once annually at the beginning of the current calendar year. Our population includes properties owned or leased for the entirety of two comparable periods with at least twelve consecutive months of normalized operations prior to January 1 of the current calendar year. We define normalized operations as properties that have been open for operation or lease, after development, expansion, or significant modification (e.g., rehabilitation subsequent to a natural disaster). Acquired properties are included in the same store population if owned by us as of the first business day of the prior calendar year (e.g. January 1, 2023) and are still owned by us as of the end of the current reporting period, unless the property is under development. The same store pool is also adjusted to remove properties that are being exited (e.g. non-renewal of warehouse lease or held for sale to third parties), were sold, or entered development subsequent to the beginning of the current calendar year. 
 Beginning in January of 2024, changes in ownership structure (e.g., purchase of a previously leased warehouse) no longer resulted in a facility being excluded from the same store population, as management believes that actively managing its real estate is normal course of operations. Additionally, management began to classify new developments (both conventional and automated facilities) as a component of the same store pool once the facility is considered fully operational and is both inbounding and outbounding product for at least twelve consecutive months prior to January 1 of the then current calendar year. These changes reflect a better alignment of our disclosures with industry practices. 
 For all same store properties (as defined above), we calculate same store contribution NOI , same store rent and storage contribution NOI , same store services contribution NOI , and the related margins in the same manner as described above. To ensure comparability in our period-to-period operating results, we also calculate same store contribution NOI measures on a constant currency basis, removing the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations by using prior period exchange rates to translate current period results into US dollars. These metrics isolate the operating performance of a consistent set of properties and thus eliminates the effects of changes in portfolio composition and currency fluctuations. 
 The following table shows the number of same-store and non-same store warehouses in our portfolio as of September 30, 2024. The non-same store warehouse count in the table below includes the partial period impact of sites exited during the periods presented. 
 Same Store Warehouses 226 Non-Same Store Warehouses (1) 
 9 Third-Party Managed Warehouses 4 Total Warehouses 239 
 (1) The non-same store facility count consists of: 5 sites in the expansion and development phase, 2 facilities that we purchased in 2023, 2 facilities whose operations have ceased and the Company is evaluating alternative use including, third party lease and or sale. 
 Same store financial metrics are not a measurement of financial performance under U.S. GAAP. In addition, other companies providing temperature-controlled warehouse storage and handling and other warehouse services may 
 37 

not define same store or calculate same store financial metrics in a manner consistent with our definitions and calculations. Same store financial measures should be considered as a supplement, but not as an alternative, to our results calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We provide reconciliations of these measures in the discussions of our comparative results of operations below. 
 
 Economic Occupancy of our Warehouses 
 We define average economic occupancy as the aggregate number of physically occupied pallets and contractually committed pallets for a given period, without duplication. We estimate the number of contractually committed pallet positions by subtracting the physical pallet positions from the contractually committed pallet positions specified in each customer s contract. 
 Economic occupancy is a key driver of our financial results. Historically, providers of temperature-controlled warehouse space have offered storage services to customers on an as-utilized, on-demand basis. We now aim to establish contracts with fixed storage commitments for new customer relationships and transition existing customers to such contracts in conjunction with contract renewals or changes in customer profiles. This strategy mitigates the impact of seasonal changes on physical occupancy and ensures our customers have the necessary space to support their business needs. 
 
 Throughput at our Warehouses 
 The level and nature of throughput at our warehouses significantly impacts our warehouse services revenues. Throughput refers to the volume of pallets entering and exiting our warehouses, with higher levels of throughput driving warehouse services revenues as customers are typically billed based on throughput. The nature of throughput can be influenced by various factors including product turnover and shifts in consumer demand. 
 Food manufacturers production levels are influenced by market conditions, labor availability, supply chain dynamics and consumer preferences, which impact inbound pallets. Shifts in consumer demand may also impact outbound pallets. 
 38 

Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Warehouse 
 Rent, storage, and warehouse services. Our primary source of revenues are rent, storage, and warehouse services fees. Rent and storage revenues are related to the storage of frozen, perishable or other products in our warehouses. We also offer a wide array of value added services including: i) receipt, labeling and storage of goods, ii) customized order retrieval and packaging, iii) blast freezing and ripening, iv) government approved periodic inspections, fumigation, and other treatment services, v) e-commerce fulfillment and many more. 
 Rent, storage, and warehouse services cost of operations consist of labor, power, other facilities costs, and other service costs. 
 Labor, the most significant part of warehouse expenses, covers wages, benefits, workers' compensation, and can vary due to factors like workforce size, customer needs, compensation levels, third-party labor usage, collective bargaining agreements, customer requirements, productivity, labor availability, government policies, medical insurance costs, safety programs, and discretionary bonuses. 
 The cost of power fluctuates based on the price of power in the regions that our facilities operate and the required temperature zone or freezing required. We may, from time to time, economically hedge our exposure to changes in power prices through fixed rate agreements or, to the extent possible and appropriate, through rate escalations or power surcharge provisions within our customer contracts. 
 Other facilities costs include utilities other than power, property taxes and insurance, sanitation, repairs and maintenance, operating leases rent charges, security, and other related facilities costs. 
 Other services costs include equipment costs, warehouse consumables (e.g. shrink-wrap), employee protective equipment, warehouse administration and other related services costs. 
 Transportation 
 Transportation services revenue is derived from fees charged for transportation of our customers products, often including fuel and capacity surcharges. 
 Transportation services cost of operations are primarily affected by third-party carrier costs, which are influenced by carrier factors like driver and equipment availability. In select markets, we use our drivers and assets, incurring costs like wages, fuel, tolls, insurance, and maintenance to operate these assets. 
 Third-Party Managed 
 Third-party managed services revenue. Reimbursements that we receive for expenses incurred for warehouses that we manage on behalf of third party owners are recognized as third-party managed services revenues. We also earn management fees, incentive fees upon achieving negotiated performance and cost-savings results, or an applicable mark-up on costs. 
 Third-party managed services cost of operations , which are recognized on a pass through basis, primarily consist of labor charges similar to those described above as a component of the warehouse costs of operations. 
 39 

Consolidated Operating Expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization charges relate to the depreciation of buildings and equipment related improvements, leasehold improvements, material handling equipment, furniture, fixtures, and our computer equipment. Amortization relates primarily to intangible assets for customer relationships. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses consist primarily of non-warehouse related labor, administrative, business development, marketing, engineering, human resources, information technology (including amortization expenses associated with the implementation of Project Orion), performance and time based incentive compensation, communications, travel, professional fees, bad debt, training, and office supplies. 
 Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net, consists of non-recurring or non-routine costs including acquisition related costs, costs related to Project Orion, litigation and settlement costs outside of the normal course of business, severance, terminated site operations costs, and cyber incident related costs, net of insurance recoveries all of which are not representative of our normal course of operations. 
 Loss (gain) from sale of real estate represents gains recognized from the sale of Company owned real estate. 
 Interest expense is associated with interest charged on unsecured revolving credit facilities, term loans, and notes. 
 Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments is representative of charges associated with debt extinguishments and termination of derivative instruments. 
 Loss from investments in partially owned entities is representative of our share of gains and losses associated with our minority ownership interests in joint ventures. 
 Impairment of related party loan receivable represents impairment charges associated with the loan issued to the Comfrio joint venture. 
 Loss on put option represents the fair value of put option associated with the Comfrio joint venture. 
 Other, net primarily includes foreign currency remeasurement, interest income, gains and losses on asset disposals, certain legal settlements, real estate related impairment charges and other miscellaneous items. 
 40 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Comparison of Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Warehouse Segment 
 The following table presents the operating results of our warehouse segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency Number of total warehouses 235 238 (Dollars in thousands) Rent and storage 262,524 266,889 278,508 (5.7) (4.2) Warehouse services 349,657 352,118 324,097 7.9 8.6 Total warehouse segment revenues 612,181 619,007 602,605 1.6 2.7 Power 41,767 42,735 41,711 0.1 2.5 Other facilities costs (2) 
 67,211 68,235 61,603 9.1 10.8 Labor 253,258 254,679 258,609 (2.1) (1.5) Other services costs (3) 
 51,321 52,341 62,850 (18.3) (16.7) Total warehouse segment cost of operations 413,557 417,990 424,773 (2.6) (1.6) Warehouse segment contribution (NOI) 198,624 201,017 177,832 11.7 13.0 Warehouse rent and storage contribution (NOI) 
 153,546 155,919 175,194 (12.4) (11.0) Warehouse services contribution (NOI) 
 45,078 45,098 2,638 1,608.8 1,609.6 Total warehouse segment margin 32.4 32.5 29.5 293 bps 296 bps Rent and storage margin 
 58.5 58.4 62.9 -442 bps -448 bps Warehouse services margin 
 12.9 12.8 0.8 1208 bps 1199 bps 
 (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 (2) Includes real estate rent expense of 8.5 million and 9.3 million, on an actual basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Includes non-real estate rent expense (equipment lease and rentals) of 3.0 million and 3.9 million, on an actual basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On a constant currency basis, our warehouse segment revenues increased 16.4 million, or 2.7 , compared to the same period in the prior year. This growth was primarily driven by 17.8 million of growth in our same store pool and offset by a decrease of 1.4 million in our non-same store pool both on a constant currency basis, further discussed below. 
 On a constant currency basis, our warehouse segment cost of operations decreased 6.8 million, or 1.6 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period of the prior year. This is primarily driven by a decrease of 4.8 million in our non-same store pool and a decrease of 2.0 million in same store pool both on a constant currency basis, further discussed below. 
 41 

On a constant currency basis, warehouse segment NOI increased 13.0 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period of the prior year. This is primarily due to increased NOI in our same store portfolio of 19.8 million on a constant currency basis, attributable to factors described below. 
 Same Store and Non-Same Store Results 
 The following table presents revenues, cost of operations, contribution (NOI) and margins for our same stores and non-same stores with a reconciliation to the total financial metrics of our warehouse segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency Number of same store sites 226 226 Same store revenues: (Dollars in thousands) Rent and storage 253,907 258,326 266,947 (4.9) (3.2) Warehouse services 340,647 343,179 316,769 7.5 8.3 Total same store revenues 594,554 601,505 583,716 1.9 3.0 Same store cost of operations: Power 40,330 41,305 39,396 2.4 4.8 Other facilities costs 64,446 65,476 57,367 12.3 14.1 Labor 242,824 244,305 247,648 (1.9) (1.3) Other services costs 48,302 49,187 57,895 (16.6) (15.0) Total same store cost of operations 395,902 400,273 402,306 (1.6) (0.5) Same store contribution (NOI) 198,652 201,232 181,410 9.5 10.9 Same store rent and storage contribution (NOI) 
 149,131 151,545 170,184 (12.4) (11.0) Same store services contribution (NOI) 
 49,521 49,687 11,226 341.1 342.6 Total same store margin 33.4 33.5 31.1 233 bps 238 bps Same store rent and storage margin 
 58.7 58.7 63.8 -502 bps -509 bps Same store services margin 
 14.5 14.5 3.5 1099 bps 1093 bps 
 (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 
 42 

Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency Number of non-same store sites 
 9 12 Non-same store revenues: (Dollars in thousands) Rent and storage 8,617 8,563 11,561 n/r n/r Warehouse services 9,010 8,939 7,328 n/r n/r Total non-same store revenues 17,627 17,502 18,889 n/r n/r Non-same store cost of operations: Power 1,437 1,430 2,315 n/r n/r Other facilities costs 2,765 2,759 4,236 n/r n/r Labor 10,434 10,374 10,961 n/r n/r Other services costs 3,019 3,154 4,955 n/r n/r Total non-same store cost of operations 17,655 17,717 22,467 n/r n/r Non-same store contribution (NOI) (28) (215) (3,578) n/r n/r Non-same store rent and storage contribution (NOI) 
 4,415 4,374 5,010 n/r n/r Non-same store services contribution (NOI) 
 (4,443) (4,589) (8,588) n/r n/r Total non-same store margin (0.2) (1.2) (18.9) n/r n/r Non-same store rent and storage margin 
 51.2 51.1 43.3 n/r n/r Non-same store services margin 
 (49.3) (51.3) (117.2) n/r n/r 
 (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 n/r - not relevant 
 43 

The following table provides certain operating metrics to explain the drivers of our same store performance. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Units in thousands except per pallet and site number data - unaudited 2024 2023 Number of same store sites 226 226 Same store rent and storage: Economic occupancy 
 Average economic occupied pallets 4,093 4,390 (6.8) Economic occupancy percentage 78.0 83.9 -590 bps Same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet 62.03 60.81 2.0 Constant currency same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet 63.11 60.81 3.8 Physical occupancy 
 Average physical occupied pallets 3,557 3,966 (10.3) Average physical pallet positions 5,250 5,235 0.3 Physical occupancy percentage 67.8 75.8 -801 bps Same store rent and storage revenues per average physical occupied pallet 71.38 67.31 6.1 Constant currency same store rent and storage revenues per average physical occupied pallet 72.62 67.31 7.9 Same store warehouse services: Throughput pallets (in thousands) 8,885 9,106 (2.4) Same store warehouse services revenues per throughput pallet 38.34 34.79 10.2 Constant currency same store warehouse services revenues per throughput pallet 38.62 34.79 11.0 Number of non-same store sites 
 9 12 Non-same store rent and storage: Economic occupancy 
 Average economic occupied pallets 144 122 n/r Economic occupancy percentage 52.4 61.0 n/r Non-same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet 59.84 94.76 n/r Constant currency non-same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet 59.47 94.76 n/r Physical occupancy 
 Average physical occupied pallets 125 95 n/r Average physical pallet positions 275 200 n/r Physical occupancy percentage 45.5 47.5 n/r Non-same store rent and storage revenues per average physical occupied pallet 68.94 121.69 n/r Constant currency non-same store rent and storage revenues per average physical occupied pallet 68.50 121.69 n/r Non-same store warehouse services: Throughput pallets (in thousands) 320 264 n/r Non-same store warehouse services revenues per throughput pallet 28.16 27.76 n/r Constant currency non-same store warehouse services revenues per throughput pallet 27.93 27.76 n/r 
 n/r - not relevant 
 44 

Same store storage revenue decreased 8.6 million on a constant currency basis. This was primarily due to a decrease in economic occupancy of 590 bps. Economic occupancy decreased primarily due to our customers slow down in food production levels, which is impacted by the economic strains felt by the end-consumer resulting in basket sizes shrinking and less pantry stocking. This was partially offset by an increase in fixed committed contracts and customer pricing and rate escalation initiatives. Specifically, our constant currency same store rent and storage revenue per average economic occupied pallet increased 3.8 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Same store warehouse services revenue increased 26.4 million on a constant currency basis, primarily due to pricing initiatives, improved revenue capture, and incremental value added services. Specifically, our constant currency same store services revenues per throughput pallet increased 11.0 during the three month period ending September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period of the prior year. This was partially offset by a decrease in throughput of 2.4 related to a decline in end-consumer demand and spending primarily due to the impact of inflation on the costs of food. 
 Same store warehouse costs of operations decreased on a constant currency basis by 2.0 million primarily driven by lower labor and other service costs. Labor costs decreased as a result of lower throughput volume resulting in less overtime and contracted labor, in addition to labor efficiencies. Other service costs decreased due to lower throughput volumes resulting in lower costs associated with supply purchases, equipment maintenance, productivity improvements as well as lower customer claims reserve expense. This was partially offset by an increase in power and other facilities costs, primarily facility maintenance, due to ongoing inflationary pressures. 
 
 Transportation Segment 
 The following table presents the operating results of our transportation segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency (Dollars in thousands) Transportation services 51,764 52,829 55,642 (7.0) (5.1) Transportation services cost of operations 43,323 44,125 45,983 (5.8) (4.0) Transportation segment contribution (NOI) 8,441 8,704 9,659 (12.6) (9.9) Transportation margin 16.3 16.5 17.4 -105 bps -88 bps 
 (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 On a constant currency basis transportation revenues decreased 2.8 million, or 5.1 , compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to lower volumes associated with certain warehouses in the UK which resulted in a strategic transition of the transportation business to a third-party logistics model, the 
 45 

loss of volume from a customer in the United States during the second quarter of 2024 (which resumed during the third quarter of 2024), and the softening of transportation demand in the general macro-environment. 
 On a constant currency basis transportation cost of operations decreased 1.9 million, or 4.0 , compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease was due to the same factors contributing to the decline in revenue mentioned above. 
 On a constant currency basis the transportation segment contribution NOI decreased 1.0 million or 9.9 , compared to the same period in the prior year due to the factors mentioned above. 
 
 Third-Party Managed Segment 
 The following table presents the operating results of our third-party managed segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency Number of managed sites 4 5 n/a n/a (Dollars in thousands) Third-party managed services 10,226 10,079 9,692 5.5 4.0 Third-party managed services cost of operations 8,073 7,968 8,063 0.1 (1.2) Third-party managed segment contribution 2,153 2,111 1,629 32.2 29.6 Third-party managed margin 21.1 20.9 16.8 425 bps 414 bps 
 (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 n/a - not applicable 
 On a constant currency basis, third-party managed revenues increased 0.4 million, or 4.0 , as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 On a constant currency basis, third-party managed cost of operations decreased 0.1 million, or 1.2 , as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 On a constant currency basis, third-party managed segment contribution (NOI) increased 0.5 million, or 29.6 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The improvement in margin is primarily due to operational and customer pricing improvements in Australia and certain North America locations. This is offset by the ceased operation of a certain third party managed site during the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Other Consolidated Operating Expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 0.4 million, or 0.4 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 46 

Selling, general, and administrative . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, corporate-level selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 11.3 million, or 21.5 , compared to 52.4 million for the same period in the prior year. This was primarily driven by the go live of Project Orion during the three months ended June 30, 2024, which resulted in less capitalized labor and higher software related expenses (primarily subscription charges and amortization of deferred costs). This increase also includes general increases in office administrative expenses, most notably data communications, and information security related investments. 
 Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net. Corporate-level acquisition, cyber incident and other, net include the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Project Orion expenses 21,595 3,215 18,380 n/r Acquisition and integration related costs 2,288 648 1,640 n/r Severance costs 1,392 3,263 (1,871) (57.3) Other, net 1,400 (1,400) (100.0) Cyber incident related costs, net of insurance recoveries 739 5,405 (4,666) (86.3) 26,014 13,931 12,083 86.7 n/r - not relevant 
 Corporate-level Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net was 26.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 12.1 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Project Orion expenses represent the non-capitalizable portion of our Project Orion costs, which is an investment in and transformation of our technology systems, business processes and customer solutions. The project includes the implementation of a new, best-in-class, cloud-based ERP software system. These costs have increased by 18.4 million primarily due to increased contract labor, professional fees, and other non-capitalizable implementation costs. 
 Cyber incident related costs, net of insurance recoveries, decreased by 4.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. Costs for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were comprised primarily of incremental claim reserves and professional and legal fees related to the 2023 Cyber incident further described in Note 1 - General to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (Gain) loss from sale of real estate. The Company s gain or loss activity related to the sale of real estate was not significant during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 47 

Other Income and Expense 
 The following table presents items of other income and expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Other (expense) income: (Dollars in thousands) Interest expense (34,255) (35,572) (1,317) (3.7) Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments (218) (683) (465) (68.1) Loss from investments in partially owned entities (1,037) (259) 778 n/r Other, net 770 723 47 6.5 Gain from discontinued operations, net of tax 203 (203) (100.0) n/r - not relevant 
 Interest expense . Interest expense decreased 1.3 million, or 3.7 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due the Company s purchase of eleven facilities previously accounted for as failed sale-leasebacks transactions, thus resulting in lower interest expense. Additionally, there was more capitalized interest in the current period, which also contributed to the decrease. This was partially offset by the effective interest rate on our outstanding debt increasing from 4.02 to to 4.10 as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments . Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments decreased 0.5 million, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily related to the full amortization of the previously terminated interest rate swaps further described in Note 5 - Derivatives to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Loss from investments in partially owned entities . Loss from investments in partially owned entities increased 0.8 million, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to a decrease in earnings from Superfrio due to lower occupancy rates and higher interest expense. 
 Other, net. Other, net wa s a benefit of 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a benefit of 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The components of Other, net are included in the table below. 
 48 

Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Other, net: (Dollars in thousands) Interest income 1,509 647 862 133.2 Other income (expense) 1,743 (244) 1,987 n/r Impairment charges on certain real estate assets (2,953) (2,953) (100.0) Gain from other asset disposals 471 320 151 47.2 770 723 47 6.5 n/r - not relevant 
 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.8 million, an increase of 0.3 million from an income tax benefit of 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily the result of changes in the blend of pre-tax book income and losses generated year over year by jurisdiction. 
 49 

Comparison of Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Warehouse Segment 
 The following table presents the operating results of our warehouse segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency Number of total warehouses 235 238 (Dollars in thousands) Rent and storage 799,619 815,279 825,100 (3.1) (1.2) Warehouse services 1,010,659 1,021,897 953,727 6.0 7.1 Total warehouse segment revenues 1,810,278 1,837,176 1,778,827 1.8 3.3 Power 112,182 115,229 113,751 (1.4) 1.3 Other facilities costs (2) 
 195,190 199,343 183,576 6.3 8.6 Labor 747,057 754,690 770,952 (3.1) (2.1) Other services costs (3) 
 155,563 158,834 185,047 (15.9) (14.2) Total warehouse segment cost of operations 1,209,992 1,228,096 1,253,326 (3.5) (2.0) Warehouse segment contribution (NOI) 600,286 609,080 525,501 14.2 15.9 Warehouse rent and storage contribution (NOI) 
 492,247 500,707 527,773 (6.7) (5.1) Warehouse services contribution (NOI) 
 108,039 108,373 (2,272) (4,855.2) (4,869.9) Total warehouse segment margin 33.2 33.2 29.5 362 bps 361 bps Rent and storage margin 
 61.6 61.4 64.0 -240 bps -255 bps Warehouse services margin 
 10.7 10.6 (0.2) 1093 bps 1084 bps (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 (2) Includes real estate rent expense of 26.9 million and 28.2 million, on an actual basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Includes non-real estate rent expense (equipment lease and rentals) of 9.5 million and 11.0 million, on an actual basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On a constant currency basis, our warehouse segment revenues increased 58.3 million, or 3.3 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. This growth was driven by an increase of 52.5 million in our same store pool, and an increase of 5.9 million in our non same store pool, both on a constant currency basis, due to factors further discussed below. 
 On a constant currency basis, our warehouse segment cost of operations decreased 25.2 million, or 2.0 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. The cost of operations for our same store pool decreased 20.1 million, and decreased 5.2 million in our non same store pool, both on a constant currency basis, due to factors further described below. 
 On a constant currency basis, warehouse segment NOI increased 15.9 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. The NOI for our same store pool increased 72.5 million, or 13.4 , and our non same store pool increased 11.0 million, both on a constant currency basis, primarily attributable to factors described below. 
 50 

Same Store and Non-Same Store Analysis 
 The following table presents revenues, cost of operations, contribution (NOI) and margins for our same stores and non-same stores with a reconciliation to the total financial metrics of our warehouse segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency Number of same store sites 226 226 Same store revenues: (Dollars in thousands) Rent and storage 768,127 783,760 795,130 (3.4) (1.4) Warehouse services 985,830 996,998 933,164 5.6 6.8 Total same store revenues 1,753,957 1,780,758 1,728,294 1.5 3.0 Same store cost of operations: Power 107,049 110,091 108,372 (1.2) 1.6 Other facilities costs 182,834 186,889 171,827 6.4 8.8 Labor 712,660 720,216 734,684 (3.0) (2.0) Other services costs 145,576 148,696 171,078 (14.9) (13.1) Total same store cost of operations 1,148,119 1,165,892 1,185,961 (3.2) (1.7) Same store contribution (NOI) 605,838 614,866 542,333 11.7 13.4 Same store rent and storage contribution (NOI) 478,244 486,780 514,931 (7.1) (5.5) Same store services contribution (NOI) 127,594 128,086 27,402 365.6 367.4 Total same store margin 34.5 34.5 31.4 316 bps 315 bps Same store rent and storage margin 62.3 62.1 64.8 -250 bps -265 bps Same store services margin 12.9 12.8 2.9 1001 bps 991 bps 
 51 

Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency Number of non-same store sites 9 12 Non-same store revenues: (Dollars in thousands) Rent and storage 31,492 31,519 29,970 n/r n/r Warehouse services 24,829 24,899 20,563 n/r n/r Total non-same store revenues 56,321 56,418 50,533 n/r n/r Non-same store cost of operations: Power 5,133 5,138 5,379 n/r n/r Other facilities costs 12,356 12,454 11,749 n/r n/r Labor 34,397 34,474 36,268 n/r n/r Other services costs 9,987 10,138 13,969 n/r n/r Total non-same store cost of operations 61,873 62,204 67,365 n/r n/r Non-same store contribution (NOI) (5,552) (5,786) (16,832) n/r n/r Non-same store rent and storage contribution (NOI) 
 14,003 13,927 12,842 n/r n/r Non-same store services contribution (NOI) 
 (19,555) (19,713) (29,674) n/r n/r Total non-same store margin (9.9) (10.3) (33.3) n/r n/r Non-same store rent and storage margin 
 44.5 44.2 42.8 n/r n/r Non-same store services margin (5) 
 (78.8) (79.2) (144.3) n/r n/r 
 (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 n/r - not relevant 
 
 52 

The following table provides certain operating metrics to explain the drivers of our same store and non-same store performance. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Units in thousands except per pallet and site number data - unaudited 2024 2023 Change Number of same store sites 226 226 Same store rent and storage: Economic occupancy Average economic occupied pallets 4,167 4,437 (6.1) Economic occupancy percentage 79.4 84.3 -490 bps Same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet 184.34 179.20 2.9 Constant currency same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet 188.09 179.20 5.0 Physical occupancy 
 Average physical occupied pallets 3,618 4,057 (10.8) Average physical pallet positions 5,247 5,262 (0.3) Physical occupancy percentage 69.0 77.1 -815 bps Same store rent and storage revenues per average physical occupied pallet 212.31 195.99 8.3 Constant currency same store rent and storage revenues per average physical occupied pallet 216.63 195.99 10.5 Same store warehouse services: Throughput pallets (in thousands) 26,283 27,374 (4.0) Same store warehouse services revenues per throughput pallet 37.51 34.09 10.0 Constant currency same store warehouse services revenues per throughput pallet 37.93 34.09 11.3 Number of non-same store sites 9 12 Non-same store rent and storage: Economic occupancy Average economic occupied pallets 148 111 n/r Economic occupancy percentage 53.2 68.1 n/r Non-same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet 212.78 270.00 n/r Constant currency non-same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet 212.97 270.00 n/r Physical occupancy Average physical occupied pallets 126 89 n/r Average physical pallet positions 278 163 n/r Physical occupancy percentage 45.3 54.6 n/r Non-same store rent and storage revenues per average physical occupied pallet 249.94 336.74 n/r Constant currency non-same store rent and storage revenues per average physical occupied pallet 250.15 336.74 n/r Non-same store warehouse services: Throughput pallets (in thousands) 997 766 n/r Non-same store warehouse services revenues per throughput pallet 24.90 26.84 n/r Constant currency non-same store warehouse services revenues per throughput pallet 24.97 26.84 n/r 
 n/r - not relevant 
 53 

Same store storage revenue decreased 11.4 million on a constant currency basis, primarily due to a decrease in economic occupancy of 490 bps. The economic occupancy decrease was primarily due to our customers slow down in food production levels, which is impacted by the economic strains felt by the end-consumer resulting in basket sizes shrinking and less pantry stocking. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in fixed commitments. Specifically, our constant currency same store rent and storage revenues per average economic occupied pallet increased 5.0 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Same store services revenue increased 63.8 million on a constant currency basis, primarily due to our pricing initiatives, improved revenue capture, and incremental value added services. Specifically, our constant currency same store services revenue per throughput pallet increased 11.3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. This was partially offset by a decrease in throughput of 4.0 related to a decline in end-consumer demand and spending primarily due to the impact of inflation on the costs of food. 
 Same store warehouse costs of operations decreased by 20.1 million on a constant currency basis, primarily driven by lower labor and other service costs. Labor costs decreased as a result of lower throughput volume of 4.0 resulting in less overtime and needed contract labor, in addition to labor efficiencies. Other service costs also decreased from lower throughput volumes of 4.0 . Other service costs decreased due to lower throughput volumes resulting in lower costs associated with supply purchases, equipment maintenance, productivity improvements as well as lower customer claims reserve expense. This was partially offset by an increase in power and other variable facilities costs, primarily facility maintenance, due to ongoing inflationary pressures. 
 
 54 

Transportation Segment 
 The following table presents the operating results of our transportation segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency (Dollars in thousands) Transportation services 159,254 163,527 181,792 (12.4) (10.0) Transportation services cost of operations 130,441 133,907 150,664 (13.4) (11.1) Transportation segment contribution (NOI) 28,813 29,620 31,128 (7.4) (4.8) Transportation margin 18.1 18.1 17.1 97 bps 99 bps 
 (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 On a constant currency basis transportation revenues decreased 18.3 million, or 10.0 . The decrease was primarily due to lower volumes associated with certain warehouses in the UK which resulted in a strategic transition of the transportation business to a third-party logistics model , the loss of a major customer in the United States that is expected to return later this year, and the softening of transportation demand in the general macro-environment. 
 On a constant currency basis transportation cost of operations decreased 16.8 million, or 11.1 . The decrease was due to the same factors contributing to the decline in revenue mentioned above. 
 On a constant currency basis the transportation segment contribution NOI decreased 1.5 million or 4.8 , compared to the same period in the prior year due to the factors mentioned above. 
 
 Third-Party Managed Segment 
 The following table presents the operating results of our third-party managed segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Actual 2024 Constant Currency (1) 
 2023 Actual Actual Constant Currency Number of managed sites 4 5 n/a n/a (Dollars in thousands) Third-party managed services 30,574 30,736 33,419 (8.5) (8.0) Third-party managed services cost of operations 24,136 24,266 29,311 (17.7) (17.2) Third-party managed segment contribution 6,438 6,470 4,108 56.7 57.5 Third-party managed margin 21.1 21.1 12.3 876 bps 876 bps (1) The adjustments from our U.S. GAAP operating results to calculate our operating results on a constant currency basis are the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the comparable prior period. 
 55 

On a constant currency basis, third-party managed revenues decreased 2.7 million, or 8.0 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 On a constant currency basis, third-party managed cost of operations decreased 5.0 million, or 17.2 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 On a constant currency basis, third-party managed segment contribution (NOI) increased 2.4 million, or 57.5 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The improvement in margin is primarily due to customer pricing and operational improvements in Australia and certain North America locations. Additionally, the third party managed segment costs are largely passed to the consumer, thus the decline in overall costs associated with the wind down of previously exited sites aligns with the corresponding decline in segment revenues. Lastly, the Company ceased operations of a certain third party managed site during the three months ended June 30, 2024, however, the impact of this exit was not significant. 
 
 Other Consolidated Operating Expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 11.5 million, or 4.4 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase was primarily due to the impact of our recently completed expansion and development projects. This is offset by less depreciation associated with certain automation assets. 
 Selling, general, and administrative . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, corporate-level selling, general and administrative expenses increased 19.5 million, or 11.5 , compared to the same period in the prior year. This was primarily driven by general increases in office administrative expenses, most notably including data communications, information security related investments, and legal and professional fees. This increase also includes the impact of the go live of Project Orion during the three months ended June 30, 2024 which resulted in higher software related expenses (primarily subscription and deferred costs amortization). 
 Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net . Corporate-level acquisition, cyber incident and other, net include the following: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net: (Dollars in thousands) Project Orion expenses 41,393 7,703 33,690 n/r Acquisition and integration related costs 4,639 4,837 (198) (4.1) Severance costs 6,256 9,471 (3,215) (33.9) Other, net (833) 1,899 (2,732) (143.9) Cyber incident related costs, net of insurance recoveries (7,430) 24,403 (31,833) (130.4) 44,025 48,313 (4,288) (8.9) n/r - not relevant 
 Corporate-level Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net was 44.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 4.3 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 56 

Project Orion expenses represent the non-capitalizable portion of our Project Orion costs, which is an investment in and transformation of our technology systems, business processes and customer solutions. The project includes the implementation of a new, best-in-class, cloud-based ERP software system. These costs have increased by 33.7 million primarily due to increased contract labor, professional fees, and other non-capitalizable implementation costs. 
 Cyber incident related costs, net of insurance recoveries, decreased by 31.8 million partially related to a 10.0 million payment received during the three months ended June 30, 2024 for business interruption insurance. Costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were comprised primarily of incremental claim reserves and professional and legal fees related to the 2023 Cyber incident further described in Note 1 - General to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (Gain) loss from sale of real estate. (Gain) loss from sale of real estate during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a 3.5 million gain related to the strategic sale of a facility in our warehouse portfolio. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a 2.3 million gain from the sale of real estate related to the sale of a facility in Canada. The proceeds of the sale were used to repay outstanding Canadian-denominated Revolver short-term borrowings. 
 Other Income and Expense 
 The following table presents items of other income and expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Other (expense) income: (Dollars in thousands) Interest expense (100,865) (106,426) (5,561) (5.2) Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments (116,082) (1,855) 114,227 n/r Loss from investments in partially owned entities (3,020) (1,616) 1,404 86.9 Impairment of related party loan receivable (21,972) (21,972) (100.0) Loss on put option (56,576) (56,576) (100.0) Other, net 24,919 1,741 23,178 n/r Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (10,453) (10,453) (100.0) n/r - not relevant 
 Interest expense . Interest expense decreased 5.6 million, or 5.2 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due the Company s purchase of eleven previously leased facilities accounted for as failed sale-leaseback transactions resulting in lower interest expense during the period, capitalized interest for developments, and lower average revolver balances. 
 Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments . Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments increased 114.2 million, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the purchase of eleven failed sale-leaseback facilities, resulting in a loss on debt extinguishment of 115.1 million. 
 57 

Loss from investments in partially owned entities. Loss from investments in partially owned entities increased 1.4 million, or 86.9 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to a decrease in earnings from Superfrio due to lower occupancy rates and increased interest expense. 
 Impairment of related party loan receivable. Impairment of related party loan receivable was 22.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Comfrio, in which Comfrio borrowed 25.0 million from Americold at a 10 annual fixed interest rate. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company fully impaired the remaining balance. 
 Loss on put option. Loss on put option was 56.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which represents the estimated loss recognized when the exercise of the Comfrio put was deemed probable. See Note 2 - Acquisitions and Discontinued Operations to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements herein for further details on the loss on put option. 
 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax was 10.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 2 - Acquisitions and Discontinued Operations to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements herein for further details on the components of this loss. 
 Other, net. Other, net was a benefit of 24.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 23.2 million compared to a benefit of 1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This is primarily due to an 11.4 million gain related to the removal of hedge designation for the Company s British pound revolver (of which 10.4 million was previously classified in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income), in addition to an 8.4 million million settlement related to a representations and warranty claim related to a prior acquisition, both of which occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Other, net: (Dollars in thousands) Gain from removal of hedge designation 11,431 11,431 100.0 Prior acquisition settlement 8,391 8,391 100.0 Interest income 3,731 1,738 1,993 114.7 Other income 3,374 392 2,982 n/r Impairment charges on certain real estate assets (2,953) (2,953) (100.0) Gain (loss) from other asset disposals 945 (389) 1,334 n/r 24,919 1,741 23,178 n/r n/r - not relevant 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 Income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.3 million, compared to an income tax benefit of 1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change is primarily from improved operating results from foreign operations. 
 58 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use the following non-GAAP financial measures as supplemental performance measures of our business: NAREIT FFO, Core FFO, Adjusted FFO, NAREIT EBITDAre, and Core EBITDA all of which are further defined below. Additionally we use NOI, Constant Currency metrics and Same Store metrics further described above. We calculate funds from operations, or FFO, in accordance with the standards established by the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT. NAREIT defines FFO as net income or loss determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, excluding extraordinary items as defined under U.S. GAAP and gains or losses from sales of previously depreciated operating real estate and other assets, plus specified non-cash items, such as real estate asset depreciation, amortization and impairment, as well as our share of reconciling items for partially owned entities. We believe that FFO is helpful to investors as a supplemental performance measure because it excludes the effect of depreciation, amortization and gains or losses from sales of real estate or real estate related assets, all of which are based on historical costs, which implicitly assumes that the value of real estate diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, FFO can facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and among other equity REITs. We calculate core funds from operations, or Core FFO, as NAREIT FFO adjusted for the effects of Net (gain) loss on sale of non-real estate assets; Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net; Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments; Foreign currency exchange loss (gain); Gain on legal settlement related to prior period operations; Project Orion deferred costs amortization; Our share of reconciling items related to partially owned entities; (Gain) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax; Impairment of related party loan receivable; Loss on put option; and Gain on sale of LATAM JV. We believe that Core FFO is helpful to investors as a supplemental performance measure because it excludes the effects of certain items which can create significant earnings volatility, but which do not directly relate to our core business operations. We believe Core FFO can facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods, while also providing a more meaningful predictor of future earnings potential. 
 However, because NAREIT FFO and Core FFO add back real estate depreciation and amortization and do not capture the level of maintenance capital expenditures necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, both of which have material economic impacts on our results from operations, we believe the usefulness of NAREIT FFO and Core FFO as a measure of our performance may be limited. We calculate adjusted funds from operations, or Adjusted FFO, as Core FFO adjusted for the effects of Amortization of deferred financing costs and pension withdrawal liability; Amortization of below/above market leases; Straight-line rental expense adjustment; Deferred income tax benefit; Stock-based compensation expense; Non-real estate depreciation and amortization; Maintenance capital expenditures; and Our share of reconciling items related to partially owned entities. We believe that Adjusted FFO is helpful to investors as a meaningful supplemental comparative performance measure of our ability to make incremental capital investments in our business and to assess our ability to fund distribution requirements from our operating activities. 
 FFO, Core FFO and Adjusted FFO are used by management, investors and industry analysts as supplemental measures of operating performance of equity REITs. FFO, Core FFO and Adjusted FFO should be evaluated along with U.S. GAAP net income (loss) and net income or loss per diluted share (the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures) in evaluating our operating performance. FFO, Core FFO and Adjusted FFO do not represent net income or cash flows from operating activities in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are not indicative of our results of operations or cash flows from operating activities as disclosed in our condensed consolidated statements of operations included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. FFO, Core FFO and Adjusted FFO should be considered as supplements, but not alternatives, to our net income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities as indicators of our operating performance. Moreover, other REITs may not calculate FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition or may interpret the NAREIT definition differently than we do. Accordingly, our FFO may not be comparable to FFO as calculated by other REITs. In addition, there is no industry definition of Core FFO or Adjusted FFO and, as a result, other REITs may also calculate Core FFO or Adjusted FFO, or other similarly-captioned metrics, in a manner different than we do. The table below reconciles FFO, Core FFO and Adjusted FFO to net (loss) income, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 59 

Reconciliation of Net Loss to NAREIT FFO, Core FFO, and Adjusted FFO (In thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (3,733) (2,096) (58,340) (109,469) Real estate related depreciation 56,083 56,373 168,768 165,654 Loss (gain) from sale of real estate 78 (3,514) (2,259) Net loss (gain) on real estate related asset disposals (27) (25) 66 (25) Impairment charges on certain real estate assets 2,953 2,953 Our share of reconciling items related to partially owned entities 264 290 830 1,425 NAREIT FFO (c) 
 55,540 54,620 110,763 55,326 Adjustments: Net (gain) loss on sale of non-real estate assets (443) (296) (1,011) 413 Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net 26,014 13,931 44,025 48,313 Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments 218 683 116,082 1,855 Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) 349 705 (10,599) 459 Gain on legal settlement related to prior period operations (6,104) Project Orion deferred costs amortization 1,810 2,391 Our share of reconciling items related to partially owned entities 409 147 689 248 (Gain) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (203) 8,072 Impairment of related party loan receivable 21,972 Loss on put option 56,576 Gain on sale of LATAM JV (304) Core FFO applicable to common stockholders (c) 
 83,897 69,587 256,236 192,930 Adjustments: Amortization of deferred financing costs and pension withdrawal liability 1,301 1,286 3,884 3,805 Amortization of below/above market leases 363 369 1,091 1,146 Straight-line rental expense adjustment 321 544 1,277 414 Deferred income tax benefit (2,764) (2,473) (6,498) (7,553) Stock-based compensation expense (b) 
 6,256 6,203 18,939 17,812 Non-real estate depreciation and amortization 33,279 33,355 102,338 93,990 Maintenance capital expenditures (a) 
 (22,590) (20,907) (63,355) (59,741) Our share of reconciling items related to partially owned entities 74 198 535 805 Adjusted FFO applicable to common stockholders (c) 
 100,137 88,162 314,447 243,608 
 (a) Maintenance capital expenditures include capital expenditures made to extend the life of, and provide future economic benefit from, our existing temperature-controlled warehouse network and its existing supporting personal property and information technology. 
 (b) Stock-based compensation expense excludes the stock compensation expense associated with employee awards granted in conjunction with Project Orion, which are recognized within Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net . 
 (c) During the three months ended September 30, 2023, management excluded losses from discontinued operations from Core FFO applicable to common stockholders, and Adjusted FFO applicable to common stockholders and included certain losses from discontinued 
 operations for NAREIT FFO. For purposes of comparability using this same approach, the following adjusted historical results are 
 recasted as follows: 
 Recasted Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (in thousands) 2023 NAREIT FFO 54,694 Core FFO applicable to common stockholders 194,631 Adjusted FFO applicable to common stockholders 245,225 
 60 

We calculate NAREIT EBITDA for Real Estate, or EBITDAre, in accordance with the standards established by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, defined as, Net loss before Depreciation and amortization; Interest expense; Income tax benefit; Loss (gain) from sale of real estate; and Adjustment to reflect share of EBITDAre of partially owned entities. EBITDAre is a measure commonly used in our industry, and we present EBITDAre to enhance investor understanding of our operating performance. We believe that EBITDAre provides investors and analysts with a measure of operating results unaffected by differences in capital structures, capital investment cycles and useful life of related assets among otherwise comparable companies. 
 We also calculate our Core EBITDA as EBITDAre further adjusted for Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net; Loss from investments in partially owned entities; Impairment of indefinite and long-lived assets;Foreign currency exchange loss (gain); Stock-based compensation expense; Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments; (Gain) loss on other asset disposals; Gain on legal settlement related to prior period operations; Project Orion deferred costs amortization; Reduction in EBITDAre from partially owned entities; Gain on sale of LATAM JV; (Gain) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax; Impairment of related party loan receivable; and Loss on put option. We believe that the presentation of Core EBITDA provides a measurement of our operations that is meaningful to investors because it excludes the effects of certain items that are otherwise included in EBITDAre but which we do not believe are indicative of our core business operations. EBITDAre and Core EBITDA are not measurements of financial performance under U.S. GAAP, and our EBITDAre and Core EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. You should not consider our EBITDAre and Core EBITDA as alternatives to net income or cash flows from operating activities determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our calculations of EBITDAre and Core EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools, including: 
 
 these measures do not reflect our historical or future cash requirements for maintenance capital expenditures or growth and expansion capital expenditures; 
 these measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 these measures do not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our indebtedness; 
 these measures do not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes; and 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future and these measures do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements. 
 We use EBITDAre and Core EBITDA as measures of our operating performance and not as measures of liquidity. The table below reconciles EBITDAre and Core EBITDA to net (loss) income, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 61 

Reconciliation of Net Loss to NAREIT EBITDAre and Core EBITDA (In thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (3,733) (2,096) (58,340) (109,469) Depreciation and amortization 89,362 89,728 271,106 259,644 Interest expense 34,255 35,572 100,865 106,426 Income tax benefit (828) (492) (1,330) (1,672) Loss (gain) from sale of real estate 78 (3,514) (2,259) Adjustment to reflect share of EBITDAre of partially owned entities 1,458 1,495 4,448 7,464 NAREIT EBITDAre (b) 
 120,514 124,285 313,235 260,134 Adjustments: Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net 26,014 13,931 44,025 48,313 Loss from investments in partially owned entities 1,037 259 3,020 3,997 Impairment of indefinite and long-lived assets 2,953 2,953 Foreign currency exchange loss (gain) 349 705 (10,599) 459 Stock-based compensation expense (a) 
 6,256 6,203 18,939 17,812 Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments 218 683 116,082 1,855 (Gain) loss on other asset disposals (470) (321) (945) 388 Gain on legal settlement related to prior period operations (6,104) Project Orion deferred costs amortization 1,810 2,391 Reduction in EBITDAre from partially owned entities (1,458) (1,495) (4,448) (7,464) Gain on sale of LATAM JV (304) (Gain) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (203) 8,072 Impairment of related party loan receivable 21,972 Loss on put option 56,576 Core EBITDA 157,223 144,047 478,549 411,810 
 (a) Stock-based compensation expense excludes the stock compensation expense associated with employee awards granted in conjunction with Project Orion, which are recognized within Acquisition, cyber incident, and other, net . 
 (b) During the three months ended September 30, 2023, management included certain losses from discontinued operations in NAREIT EBITDAre. For purposes of comparability using this same approach, the following adjusted historical results recasted are as follows: 
 Recasted 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (in thousands) 2023 NAREIT EBITDAre 258,699 
 62 

1LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES21 
 Our principal sources of funding for our financial commitments include: 
 current cash balances; 
 cash flows from operations; 
 our Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility; 
 our ATM Equity Program; and 
 other forms of debt financings and equity offerings, including capital raises through joint ventures. 
 We expect that our funding sources as noted above are adequate and will continue to be adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements and capital commitments. These liquidity requirements and capital commitments include: 
 operating activities and overall working capital; 
 capital expenditures; 
 capital contributions and investments in joint ventures; 
 debt service obligations; 
 quarterly stockholder distributions; and 
 future development, expansion, and acquisition related activities. 
 Universal Shelf Registration Statement 
 On March 17, 2023, the Company and the Operating Partnership filed with the SEC an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-270664 and 333-270664-01) (as amended from time to time, the Registration Statement ), registering an indeterminate amount of (i) the Company s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, (ii) the Company s preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share, (iii) depositary shares representing entitlement to all rights and preferences of fractions of the Company s preferred shares of a specified series and represented by depositary receipts, (iv) warrants to purchase the Company s common stock or preferred stock or depositary shares and (v) debt securities of the Operating Partnership, which may be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company. The Registration Statement was amended on September 3, 2024 to add certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company as co-registrants to the Registration Statement, since each such co-registrant may be a guarantor of some or all of the debt securities of the Operating Partnership with respect to which offers and sales are registered under the Registration Statement. 
 At the Market (ATM) Equity Program 
 On March 17, 2023, the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement pursuant to which we could sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of 900.0 million of our common stock through an ATM Equity Program (the Prior ATM Equity Program ). Sales of our common stock made pursuant to the Prior ATM Equity Program could be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the NYSE, or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange, or as otherwise agreed between the applicable Agent and the Company. Sales could also be made on a forward basis pursuant to separate forward sale agreements. 
 63 

During August 2023, we sold 13,244,905 common shares under the Prior ATM Equity Program for net proceeds of 412.6 million . The net proceeds from sales of our common stock pursuant to the Prior ATM Equity Program were used to repay a portion of the revolver borrowings . 
 On November 9, 2023, we entered into an equity distribution agreement that was substantially identical to and replaced the prior equity distribution agreement, pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an additional 900.0 million of our common shares through our ATM Equity Program (the Current ATM Equity Program ). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not sell any shares of our common stock under the Current ATM Equity Program. 
 Public Senior Unsecured Notes Offering 
 On September 12, 2024, we completed an underwritten public offering of 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Operating Partnership s senior unsecured 5.409 notes (the Public Senior Unsecured Notes due September 12, 2034. The Public Senior Unsecured Notes were offered pursuant to the Registration Statement further described in Note 1 - General l to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Public Senior Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of the Company, Americold Realty Operations, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and a limited partner of the Operating Partnership, and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The Public Senior Unsecured Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.409 per year, and interest is payable on March 12 and September 12 of each year, with the first payment occurring March 12, 2025. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Public Senior Unsecured Notes, we incurred approximately 5.9 million of debt issuance costs related to the issuance. The Company determined that the difference between amortizing such fees using the effective interest rate method and the straight line method was immaterial. Therefore, the fees will be recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the Public Senior Unsecured Notes as Interest expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The proceeds from the issuance of the Public Senior Unsecured Notes were used to repay a portion of borrowings previously outstanding. 
 The indenture governing the Public Senior Unsecured Notes and guarantees (which includes the base indenture, dated September 12, 2024, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture, dated September 12, 2024, and which are together referred to herein as the "indenture") includes an optional redemption provision. Prior to June 12, 2034, the Public Senior Unsecured Notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100 of the principal amount of the Public Senior Unsecured Notes being redeemed, or (ii) a make-whole premium calculated in accordance with the indenture. On or after June 12, 2034, the Public Senior Unsecured Notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Public Senior Unsecured Notes to be redeemed. In both cases, the prepayment amount must also include any unpaid interest accrued thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date 
 Summarized financial information of the aforementioned guarantors associated with the Public Senior Unsecured Notes is included herein within the Summarized Guarantor Financial In formation section of Item 2. Management Discussion and Analysis to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 Security Interests in Customers Products 
 By operation of law and in accordance with our customer contracts (other than leases), we typically receive warehouseman s liens on products held in our warehouses to secure customer payments. Such liens permit us to 
 64 

take control of the products and sell them to third parties in order to recover any monies receivable on a delinquent account, but such products may be perishable or otherwise not readily salable by us. Historically, in instances where we have warehouseman s liens and our customer sought bankruptcy protection, we have been successful in receiving critical vendor status, which has allowed us to fully collect on our accounts receivable during the pendency of the bankruptcy proceeding. 
 Our bad debt expense was 1.6 million and 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 3.0 million and 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we maintained bad debt allowances of approximately 22.2 million, which we believe to be adequate. 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 As a REIT, we must distribute 90.0 of our taxable income (excluding capital gains) annually. While historically we have satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to our stockholders, we may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property. All such distributions are at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Historically, we have distributed at least 100.0 of our taxable income annually, since inception, to minimize corporate-level federal income taxes. 
 The REIT distribution requirement limits our ability to rely on retained earnings to fund our ongoing operations compared to non-REIT companies. To meet financial commitments, capital needs, and REIT distribution requirements, we may raise capital through debt and equity markets and use our revolving credit facility. 
 For further information regarding dividends and distributions, refer to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 
 65 

Outstanding Indebtedness 
 The following table summarizes our outstanding indebtedness as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Debt Summary: Fixed rate (1) 
 3,115,009 Variable rate - unhedged 268,508 Total senior unsecured notes, term loans and borrowings under revolving line of credit 3,383,517 Sale-leaseback financing obligations 80,326 Financing lease obligations 88,869 Total debt and debt-like obligations 3,552,712 Percent of total debt and debt-like obligations: Fixed rate (1) 
 92.4 Variable rate 7.6 Effective interest rate as of September 30, 2024 
 4.10 (1) The total includes borrowings with a variable interest rate that have been effectively hedged through interest rate swaps. 
 The variable rate debt shown above bears interest at interest rates based on various one-month SOFR, CORRA, BBSW, EURIBOR, and BKBM rates, depending on the respective agreement governing the debt, including our global revolving credit facilities. As of September 30, 2024, our debt had a weighted average term to maturity of approximately 5.4 years, assuming exercise of extension options. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company determined that its previous designation of 78.0 million of debt and accrued interest as a hedge of its net investment in its United Kingdom-based subsidiary did not qualify for hedge accounting, and the cumulative foreign exchange gain associated with this transaction of 10.4 million previously classified within Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, has been recorded as a gain on foreign exchange within Other, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company has determined that the impacts of this adjustment are immaterial to the current and prior period interim and annual financial statements and disclosures. Furthermore, the Company fully paid off the balance of this revolving debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 For further information regarding outstanding indebtedness, please see Note 4 - Debt and Note 5 - Derivative Financial Instruments to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Note 9 - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 66 

Aggregate Future Repayments of Indebtedness 
 The aggregate maturities of indebtedness (including extensions in which we are reasonably assured to exercise), excluding sale-leaseback financing obligations and financing lease obligations, as of September 30, 2024 for each of the next five years and thereafter, are as follows (in thousands): 
 Year ended: 
 2024 2025 2026 200,000 2027 643,508 2028 454,820 2029 - Thereafter 
 2,085,189 Aggregate principal amount of indebtedness 
 3,383,517 Less: unamortized deferred financing costs 
 (14,568) Total indebtedness, net of deferred financing costs 
 3,368,949 
 Credit Ratings 
 Our capital structure and financial practices have earned us investment grade credit ratings from three nationally recognized credit rating agencies as follows: 
 BBB with a (Stable Outlook) from Fitch 
 BBB with a (Positive Trend) outlook from DBRS Morningstar 
 Baa3 with a (Stable Outlook) from Moody s 
 These credit ratings are important to our ability to issue debt at favorable rates of interest, among other terms. Refer to our risk factor Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our financing activity in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Maintenance Capital Expenditures and Repair and Maintenance Expenses 
 We utilize a strategic and preventative approach to maintenance capital expenditures and repair and maintenance expenses to maintain the high quality and operational efficiency of our warehouses and ensure that our warehouses meet the mission-critical role they serve in the cold chain. 
 Maintenance Capital Expenditures 
 Maintenance capital expenditures are capitalized investments made to extend the life of, and provide future economic benefit from, our existing temperature-controlled warehouse network. Such expenditures examples include roof and refrigeration equipment replacement, IT system updates, handling equipment upgrades, amongst others. Maintenance capital expenditures do not include acquisition costs contemplated with the purchase of a building. 
 67 

The following table sets forth our maintenance capital expenditures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands, except per cubic foot amounts) Real estate 20,836 18,041 58,001 53,370 Personal property 981 692 2,931 2,384 Information technology 773 2,174 2,423 3,987 Maintenance capital expenditures 
 22,590 20,907 63,355 59,741 
 Repair and Maintenance Expenses 
 We incur repair and maintenance expenses for normal maintenance, repairs, and replacements at our warehouses that do not materially extend the life of the property or provide future economic benefits. Such expenses are recognized as operating expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. Examples of repair and maintenance expenses include roof, wall, and other handling equipment repairs. 
 The following table sets forth our repair and maintenance expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands, except per cubic foot amounts) Real estate 10,579 12,452 35,516 33,558 Personal property 22,445 17,987 57,668 55,048 Repair and maintenance expenses 33,024 30,439 93,184 88,606 
 External Growth, Expansion and Development Capital Expenditures 
 External growth expenditures represent asset acquisitions or business combinations. Expansion and development capital expenditures support customers and our warehouse expansions, including improvements to our information technology platform. 
 Examples of capital expenditures associated with expansion and development initiatives include funding of construction costs, warehouse capacity and pallet position expansion, implementing energy efficiency projects, such as thermal energy storage, and the delivery of new systems, software and customer interface functionality. 
 68 

Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 For information regarding acquisitions and dispositions completed during 2023, refer to our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased eleven facilities in the Company s lease portfolio with a lessor that were previously accounted for as failed sale-leaseback financing obligations. Total cash outflows related to these purchases of 191.0 million are included within Termination of sale-leaseback financing obligations on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024.These purchases resulted in the recognition of a 115.1 million loss on debt extinguishment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These amounts are recognized within Loss on debt extinguishment and termination of derivative instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations included herein. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold a facility for proceeds of 9.0 million, resulting in the recognition of a gain of 3.6 million, which is included in Loss (gain) from sale of real estate on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Expansion and development 
 The expansion and development expenditures (inclusive of capitalized interest, compensation, and travel expenses) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include 30.2 million related to our two fully-automated, build-to-suit, development sites in Connecticut and Pennsylvania; 16.1 million related to the Allentown, Pennsylvania facility; 13.4 million related to our Kansas City, Missouri facility; 1.6 million related to our Atlanta, Georgia Major Market Strategy - Phase 2; 7.1 million related to our Russellville, Arkansas expansion; 1.5 million related to our Sydney, Australia expansion; and 23.4 million of corporate initiatives and smaller customer driven growth projects, which are designed to reduce future spending over the course of time. This includes return on investment projects, conversion of leases to owned assets, and other cost-saving initiatives. Additionally, we incurred approximately 34.5 million for contemplated future expansion or development projects and 8.5 million for information technology related assets. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred capitalized interest of 12.1 million related to our ongoing expansion and development projects, which is included in the summarized expansion and development expenditures mentioned above. 
 The following table sets forth our acquisition, expansion and development capital expenditures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands) Business combinations 5,909 46,652 Asset acquisitions 23,496 43,577 Expansion and development initiatives 64,981 31,438 127,814 79,728 Information technology 4,724 3,018 8,463 6,352 Growth and expansion capital expenditures 69,705 63,861 136,277 176,309 
 69 

Historical Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 249,272 193,213 Net cash used in investing activities (206,447) (258,378) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (41,777) 69,060 
 Operating Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our net cash provided by operating activities was 249.3 million, an increase of 56.1 million compared to 193.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to the impact of improved NOI. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our net cash used in investing activities was 206.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 258.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additions to property, buildings and equipment were 204.3 million, reflecting maintenance capital expenditures and investments in our various expansion and development projects. Additionally, we invested 11.4 million in a loan to the RSA joint venture. This was partially offset by proceeds from a sold facility of 9.3 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 258.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additions to property, buildings and equipment were 188.3 million, reflecting maintenance capital expenditures and investments in our various expansion and development projects. Additionally, we purchased the remaining outstanding equity ownership of the Comfrio joint venture for 46.7 million, which we subsequently sold in August of 2023, and completed an asset acquisition and a lease buyout for a facility for 43.6 million. Finally, we invested 20.0 million in additional loans to joint ventures, approximately 15.0 million of which was subsequently impaired, as well as a minority equity interest in the RSA joint venture. This was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of our share of the LATAM joint venture of 36.9 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 41.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 69.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash used in financing activities for the current period primarily consisted of 885.3 million in repayments on our Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, 191.0 million related to the purchase of failed sale-leaseback facilities, 189.2 million of quarterly dividend payments, and 33.9 million in aggregate lease repayments. Cash provided by financing activities during the current period included 759.2 million in proceeds from our Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and 500.0 million in proceeds from our Public Senior Unsecured Notes offering, which were used to repay a portion of the borrowings outstanding under the Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and to fund issuance costs related to the offering. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 69.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash provided by financing activities primarily consisted of 545.4 million in proceeds from our Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and 412.9 million in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the 2023 
 70 

ATM Equity Program, offset by 679.2 million in repayments on our Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, 179.6 million of quarterly dividend distributions paid, and 33.1 million in aggregate lease repayments. 
 
 71 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K for a discussion of our critical accounting estimates and assumptions. There were no material changes during the period covered by this Quarterly Report to the critical accounting estimates and assumptions previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 1 - General to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 On September 12, 2024 we completed an underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of the Operating Partnership s (the Public Senior Unsecured Notes due September 12, 2034. Interest is payable on March 12 and September 12 of each year, with the first payment occurring March 12, 2025. 
 On the date of issuance of the Public Senior Unsecured Notes, each of the Company and Americold Operations (together, the Parent Guarantors ), and each of Nova Cold Logistics, Americold Australian Holdings and Icecap Properties NZ Limited (the Subsidiary Guarantors and together with the Parent Guarantors, the Initial Guarantors ), jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally guaranteed the Operating Partnership s obligations under the Public Senior Unsecured Notes, including the due and punctual payment of principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the Public Senior Unsecured Notes. 
 The following table contains the summarized financial information of the Initial Guarantors and the operating partnership (collectively, the Obligor Group on a combined basis after the elimination of intercompany balances and transactions between entities in the Obligor Group as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total Assets 5,812,400 5,805,363 Receivables from sales to subsidiaries other than the initial guarantors Total Liabilities 
 3,590,346 3,533,750 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Total Revenue 1,213,145 1,585,803 Revenues from sales to subsidiaries other than the initial guarantors Operating Income 110,739 74,470 Net (loss) from continuing operations (63,529) (81,859) Net (loss) attributable to the entity 
 (63,529) (81,859) 
 Separate Consolidated Financial Statements of the Operating Partnership have not been presented in accordance with Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X and Rule 12h-5 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 72 

Interest Rate Risk 
 Our future income and cash flows relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 645.0 million of outstanding USD-denominated variable-rate debt and C 250.0 million of outstanding CAD-denominated variable-rate debt under the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Facility. This consisted of our Senior Unsecured Term Loan A Facility bearing interest at one-month Adjusted Term SOFR for the USD tranches and daily adjusted CORRA for the CAD tranche. These rates are also subject to contractual margins up to 0.94 and index adjustments of 0.10 on SOFR and 0.30 on CORRA. We have entered into interest rate swaps to effectively lock in the floating rates on all of our USD-denominated term loans at a weighted average rate of 4.20 and all of our outstanding CAD-denominated term loan at a rate of 4.53 . 
 Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, we had C 35.0 million, 70.5 million, A 197.0 million, and NZD44.0 million outstanding of Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility draws. At September 30, 2024 daily adjusted CORRA was approximately 4.29 , one-month AUD BBSW was approximately 4.31 , one-month EURIBOR was approximately 3.38 , and one-month BKBM was approximately 5.18 . T hese rates are also subject to contractual margins of 0.84 and an index of adjustment of 0.30 on CORRA. The interest rate paid on borrowings can never drop below 0.0 , although the associated benchmark rate does. A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would result in an increase in annual interest expense to service our variable-rate debt of approximately 2.7 million, and a 100 basis point decrease in market interest rates would result in a 2.7 million decrease in annual interest expense. Our interest rate risk exposure at September 30, 2024 was not materially different than what we disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 As it relates to the currency of countries where we own and operate warehouse facilities and provide logistics services, our foreign currency risk exposure at September 30, 2024 was not materially different than what we disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. The information concerning market risk in Item 7A under the caption Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, is hereby incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 73 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, the Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be party to a variety of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not a party to, nor is any of our property a subject of, any material litigation or legal proceedings or, to the best of our knowledge, any threatened litigation or legal proceedings which, in the opinion of management, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 
 See Note 8 - Commitments and Contingencies to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding certain significant legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our securities involves risks and uncertainties. You should consider and read the information contained in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the risk factors identified in Item 1A of Part I thereof (Risk Factors). Any of the risks discussed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other reports we file with the SEC, and other risks we have not anticipated or discussed, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As of September 30, 2024, no material changes had occurred to the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 74 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such term is defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Index to Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of September 12, 2024, by and among Americold Realty Operating Partnership, L.P., as issuer, Americold Realty Trust, Inc., Americold Realty Operations, Inc., Americold Australian Holdings Pty Ltd., Icecap Properties NZ Limited and Nova Cold Logistics ULC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Americold Realty Trust, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2024 (File No. 001-34723)) 4.2 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 12, 2024, by and among Americold Realty Operating Partnership, L.P., as issuer, Americold Realty Trust, Inc., Americold Realty Operations, Inc., Americold Australian Holdings Pty Ltd., Icecap Properties NZ Limited and Nova Cold Logistics ULC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Americold Realty Trust, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2024 (File No. 001-34723)) 4.3 
 Form of 5.409 Notes due 2034 (included in Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Americold Realty Trust, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2024 (File No. 001-34723)) 4.4 
 Form of Notation of Guarantee (included in Exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Americold Realty Trust, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2024 (File No. 001-34723)) 22.1 
 List of Subsidiary Guarantors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22.1 to Americold Realty Trust, Inc.'s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3 Registration Statement filed on September 3, 2024) 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - Americold Realty Trust 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - Americold Realty Trust 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - Americold Realty Trust 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - Americold Realty Trust 

101 The following financial statements of Americold Realty Trust s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , formatted in XBRL interactive data files: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Income Statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 76 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 AMERICOLD REALTY TRUST, INC. (Registrant) Date: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Jay Wells Name: Jay Wells Title: Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President (On behalf of the registrant and as principal financial officer) 

77 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q324.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, George Chappelle Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Americold Realty Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s George F. Chappelle Jr. 
 George F. Chappelle Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q324.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jay Wells, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Americold Realty Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Jay Wells 
 Jay Wells 
 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q324.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Americold Realty Trust, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, George Chappelle Jr., Chief Executive Officer and Trustee of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 s George F. Chappelle Jr. 
 George F. Chappelle Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q324.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Americold Realty Trust, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay Wells, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 s Jay Wells 
 Jay Wells 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 art-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 art-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 art-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 art-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 art-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

