<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1569187_0001569187-24-000159.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11152108</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169386</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1718396</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4346723</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2521173</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2162708</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001569187-24-000159.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107175128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001569187-24-000159
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001569187
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				461214914
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35908
		FILM NUMBER:		241437366

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 CENTRAL PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2100
		CITY:			VIRGINIA BEACH
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23462
		BUSINESS PHONE:		757-366-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 CENTRAL PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2100
		CITY:			VIRGINIA BEACH
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23462

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001569187-24-000159.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 ahh-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ahh-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of November 4, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding. In addition, as of November 4, 2024, Armada Hoffler, L.P., the registrant's operating partnership subsidiary, had 21,666,420 units of limited partnership interest ("OP Units") outstanding (other than OP Units held by the registrant). 

Table of Content 

 ARMADA HOFFLER PROPERTIES, INC. 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page Part I. Financial Information 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 Part II. Other Information 
 49 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 49 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 50 
 Signatures 
 51 

Table of Content 

 PART I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

ARMADA HOFFLER PROPERTIES, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except par value and share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Real estate investments: Income producing property Held for development Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net real estate investments Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Notes receivable, net Construction receivables, including retentions, net Construction contract costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings Equity method investments Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Acquired lease intangible assets Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Indebtedness, net 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Construction payables, including retentions Billings in excess of construction contract costs and estimated earnings Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized: 
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 
 December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests in investment entities Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Content 

 ARMADA HOFFLER PROPERTIES, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenues General contracting and real estate services revenues Interest income Total revenues Expenses Rental expenses Real estate taxes General contracting and real estate services expenses Depreciation and amortization Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases General and administrative expenses Acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs Impairment charges Total expenses Gain on real estate dispositions, net Operating Income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Change in fair value of derivatives and other ) Unrealized credit loss provision ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net (Loss) income before taxes ) Income tax (provision) benefit ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests: Investment entities ) ) ) Operating Partnership ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders per share (basic and diluted) Weighted-average common shares outstanding (basic and diluted) Comprehensive income: Net (loss) income ) Unrealized cash flow hedge (losses) gains ) Realized cash flow hedge gains reclassified to net income ) ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests: Investment entities ) ) Operating Partnership ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. ) 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Content 

 ARMADA HOFFLER PROPERTIES, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests in investment entities Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership Total equity Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Net income Unrealized cash flow hedge gains Realized cash flow hedge gains reclassified to net income ) ) ) ) ) Net costs from issuance of common stock ) ) ) Restricted stock awards, net Redemption of operating partnership units ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared on common shares and units per share and unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) Net income Unrealized cash flow hedge gains Realized cash flow hedge gains reclassified to net income ) ) ) ) Net prceeds from issuance of common stock Restricted stock awards, net Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared on common shares and units per share and unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized cash flow hedge losses ) ) ) ) Realized cash flow hedge gains reclassified to net income ) ) ) ) Net prceeds from issuance of common stock Restricted stock awards, net Redemption of operating partnership units ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared on common shares and units per share and unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 3 

Table of Content 

 Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests in investment entities Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership Total equity Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Net income Unrealized cash flow hedge losses ) ) ) ) Realized cash flow hedge gains reclassified to net income ) ) ) ) ) Net costs from issuance of common stock ) ) ) Restricted stock awards, net Acquisitions of noncontrolling interest in real estate entity ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared on common shares and units per share and unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) Net income Unrealized cash flow hedge gains Realized cash flow hedge gains reclassified to net income ) ) ) ) ) Restricted stock awards, net Issuance of operating partnership units for acquisitions Redemption of operating partnership units ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared on common shares and units per share and unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net income Unrealized cash flow hedge gains Realized cash flow hedge gains reclassified to net income ) ) ) ) ) Net costs from issuance of common stock ) ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Restricted stock awards, net Redemption of operating partnership units ) ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends and distributions declared on common shares and units per share and unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Content 

 ARMADA HOFFLER PROPERTIES, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands)(Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of buildings and tenant improvements Amortization of leasing costs, in-place lease intangibles and below market ground rents - operating leases Accrued straight-line rental revenue ) ) Amortization of leasing incentives and above or below-market rents ) ) Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases Accrued straight-line ground rent expense Unrealized credit loss provision Adjustment for uncollectible lease accounts Noncash stock compensation Noncash acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs Impairment charges Noncash interest expense Noncash loss on extinguishment of debt Gain on real estate dispositions, net ) Change in fair value of derivatives and other ) Adjustment for receipts on off-market interest rate derivatives ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Property assets ) ) Property liabilities Construction assets ) Construction liabilities ) Interest receivable ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Development of real estate investments ) ) Tenant and building improvements ) ) Acquisitions of real estate investments, net of cash received ) Dispositions of real estate investments, net of selling costs Notes receivable issuances ) ) Notes receivable paydowns Payments to purchase off-market interest rate derivatives ) Receipts on off-market interest rate derivatives Leasing costs ) ) Leasing incentives ) ) Contributions to equity method investments ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds (costs) from issuance of common stock, net of issuance cost ) Common shares tendered for tax withholding ) ) Debt issuances, credit facility, and construction loan borrowings Debt and credit facility repayments, including principal amortization ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Cash paid on extinguishment of debt ) Redemption of operating partnership units ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends and distributions ) ) Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period (1) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Content 

 ARMADA HOFFLER PROPERTIES, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (In thousands)(Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Disclosures (noncash transactions): Increase in dividends and distributions payable Increase in accrued capital improvements and development costs Increase in settlement liability for the repurchase of common stock Issuance of operating partnership units for acquisitions Operating Partnership units redeemed for common shares Debt assumed at fair value in conjunction with real estate purchases Note receivable redeemed in conjunction with real estate purchase Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests Other liability satisfied in connection with a real estate disposal Recognition of finance lease right-of-use assets Recognition of finance lease liabilities 
 
 (1) 
 Restricted cash (a) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (a) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 6 

Table of Content 

 ARMADA HOFFLER PROPERTIES, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 of the economic interest in the Operating Partnership, of which is held as general partnership units. The operations of the Company are conducted primarily through the Operating Partnership and the wholly owned subsidiaries thereof. 
 
 4525 Main Street Retail (1) 
 Virginia Beach, Virginia 4621 Columbus Retail (2) 
 Virginia Beach, Virginia Columbus Village Virginia Beach, Virginia Commerce Street Retail Virginia Beach, Virginia Fountain Plaza Retail Virginia Beach, Virginia Pembroke Square Virginia Beach, Virginia Premier Retail Virginia Beach, Virginia South Retail Virginia Beach, Virginia Studio 56 Retail Virginia Beach, Virginia The Cosmopolitan Retail (3) 
 Virginia Beach, Virginia Two Columbus Retail (1) 
 Virginia Beach, Virginia West Retail (1) 
 Virginia Beach, Virginia Grocery Anchored Broad Creek Shopping Center Norfolk, Virginia Broadmoor Plaza South Bend, Indiana Brooks Crossing Retail Newport News, Virginia (4) 
 Delray Beach Plaza Delray Beach, Florida Greenbrier Square Chesapeake, Virginia Greentree Shopping Center Chesapeake, Virginia Hanbury Village Chesapeake, Virginia Lexington Square Lexington, South Carolina Market at Mill Creek Mount Pleasant, South Carolina North Pointe Center Durham, North Carolina 
 7 

Table of Content 

 Parkway Marketplace Virginia Beach, Virginia Perry Hall Marketplace Perry Hall, Maryland Sandbridge Commons Virginia Beach, Virginia Tyre Neck Harris Teeter Portsmouth, Virginia Harbor Point - Baltimore Waterfront Constellation Retail (1) 
 Baltimore, Maryland Point Street Retail (3) 
 Baltimore, Maryland Southeast Sunbelt Chronicle Mill Retail (3) 
 Belmont, North Carolina (4) 
 Nexton Square Summerville, South Carolina North Hampton Market Taylors, South Carolina One City Center Retail (1) 
 Durham, North Carolina Overlook Village Asheville, North Carolina Patterson Place Durham, North Carolina Providence Plaza Retail Charlotte, North Carolina South Square Durham, North Carolina The Interlock Retail Atlanta, Georgia Wendover Village Greensboro, North Carolina Mid-Atlantic Dimmock Square Colonial Heights, Virginia Harrisonburg Regal Harrisonburg, Virginia Liberty Retail (3) 
 Newport News, Virginia Marketplace at Hilltop Virginia Beach, Virginia Red Mill Commons Virginia Beach, Virginia Southgate Square Colonial Heights, Virginia Southshore Shops Chesterfield, Virginia The Edison Retail (3) 
 Richmond, Virginia Office Town Center of Virginia Beach 249 Central Park Office (5) 
 Virginia Beach, Virginia 4525 Main Street Office Virginia Beach, Virginia 4605 Columbus Office (5) 
 Virginia Beach, Virginia Armada Hoffler Tower Virginia Beach, Virginia One Columbus Virginia Beach, Virginia Two Columbus Office Virginia Beach, Virginia Harbor Point - Baltimore Waterfront Constellation Office Baltimore, Maryland Thames Street Wharf Baltimore, Maryland Wills Wharf Baltimore, Maryland Southeast Sunbelt Chronicle Mill Office (3) 
 Belmont, North Carolina (4) 
 One City Center Office 
 Durham, North Carolina Providence Plaza Office (5) 
 Charlotte, North Carolina The Interlock Office Atlanta, Georgia Mid-Atlantic 
 8 

Table of Content 

 Multifamily Town Center of Virginia Beach Encore Apartments Virginia Beach, Virginia Premier Apartments Virginia Beach, Virginia The Cosmopolitan Virginia Beach, Virginia Harbor Point - Baltimore Waterfront 1305 Dock Street Baltimore, Maryland 1405 Point Baltimore, Maryland Southeast Sunbelt Chronicle Mill Apartments Belmont, North Carolina (4) 
 Greenside Apartments Charlotte, North Carolina The Everly Gainesville, Georgia Mid-Atlantic The Edison Richmond, Virginia Liberty Apartments Newport News, Virginia Smith's Landing Blacksburg, Virginia 
 ________________________________________ 
 Mixed-use asset or located in a mixed-use development. 
 (1) Formerly reported in the office real estate segment. Refer to Note 3 for further information. 
 (2) Formerly known as Apex Entertainment. 
 (3) Formerly reported in the multifamily real estate segment. Refer to Note 3 for further information. 
 (4) We are entitled to a preferred return on our investment in this property. 
 (5) Formerly reported in the retail real estate segment. Refer to Note 3 for further information. 
 
 Southern Post Office 
 Office Roswell, Georgia Chandler Residences 
 Multifamily Roswell, Georgia 
 Redevelopment 
 Segment 
 Location 
 AHH Ownership 
 Columbus Village II Retail Virginia Beach, Virginia 
 ________________________________________ 
 Mixed-use asset or located in a mixed-use development. 

2. 
 9 

Table of Content 

Other Accounting Policies 
 
 See the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a description of other accounting principles upon which basis the accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared. 

3. 
 reportable segments: (i) retail real estate, (ii) office real estate, (iii) multifamily real estate, (iv) general contracting and real estate services, and (v) real estate financing. Refer to Note 1 for the composition of properties within each property segment. 
 
 Net operating income ("NOI") is the primary measure used by the Company s chief operating decision-maker to assess segment performance. NOI is calculated as segment revenues less segment expenses. Segment revenues include rental revenues for the property segments, general contracting and real estate services revenues for the general contracting and real estate services segment, and interest income for the real estate financing segment. Segment expenses include rental expenses and real estate taxes for the property segments, general contracting and real estate services expenses for the general contracting and real estate services segment, and interest expense for the real estate financing segment. Segment NOI for the general contracting and real estate services and real estate financing segments is also referred to as segment gross profit as illustrated in the table below. NOI is not a measure of operating income or cash flows from operating 
 10 

Table of Content 

Since the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company retrospectively reclassified certain components of mixed-use properties between the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments in order to align the components of those properties with their tenant composition. As a result, NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased million for the retail real estate segment, and decreased less than million and million for the office and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased million and less than million for the retail and office real estate segments, respectively, and decreased million for the multifamily real estate segment. These reclassifications had no effect on total property NOI as previously reported. These reclassifications also had no impact on our general contracting and real estate services or real estate financing segments. 

reportable segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Retail real estate Rental revenues Rental expenses Real estate taxes Segment net operating income Office real estate Rental revenues Rental expenses Real estate taxes Segment net operating income Multifamily real estate Rental revenues Rental expenses Real estate taxes Segment net operating income General contracting and real estate services General contracting and real estate services revenues General contracting and real estate services expenses Segment gross profit Real estate financing Interest income Interest expense (a) 
 Segment gross profit Net operating income 
 ________________________________________ 
 (a) Interest expense within the real estate financing segment is allocated based on the average outstanding principal of notes receivable in the real estate financing portfolio and the effective interest rates on the credit facility, the M T term loan facility, and the TD term loan facility, each as defined in Note 9. 

11 

Table of Content 

 Interest income (a) 
 Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases ) ) ) ) General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs ) ) ) Impairment charges ) ) ) Gain on real estate dispositions, net Interest expense (b) 
 ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Change in fair value of derivatives and other ) Unrealized credit loss provision ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net Income tax (provision) benefit ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) 
 ________________________________________ 
 (a) Excludes real estate financing segment interest income of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (b) Excludes real estate financing segment interest expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

million and million, respectively, which are eliminated in consolidation. General contracting and real estate services revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude revenues related to intercompany construction contracts of million and million, respectively, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 General contracting and real estate services expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude expenses related to intercompany construction contracts of million and million, respectively, which are eliminated in consolidation. General contracting and real estate services expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude expenses related to intercompany construction contracts of million and million, respectively, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was million, million, and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million, million, and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was million, million, and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million, million, and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. 
 
 General and administrative expenses represent costs not directly associated with the operation and management of the Company s real estate properties, general contracting and real estate services, and real estate financing businesses. These costs include corporate office personnel compensation and benefits, bank fees, accounting fees, legal fees, and other corporate office expenses. 
 
 12 

Table of Content 

 million, million, and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. Interest expense on secured property debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million, million, and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. 
 
 Interest expense on secured property debt and finance leases for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was million, million, and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. Interest expense on secured property debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million, million, and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the net carrying amount of consolidated real estate investments was million , million , and million for the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments, respectively, which excludes million attributable to our mixed-use development projects. Assets attributable to the general contracting and real estate services segment are presented in Note 8 of these financial statements. Assets attributable to the real estate financing segment are presented in Note 7 of these financial statements. 

4. 
 
 ground leases on properties. These ground leases have maximum lease terms (including renewal options) that expire between 2074 and 2117. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company's sole discretion. The depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term. of these leases have been classified as operating leases and of these leases have been classified as finance leases. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 Lessor Disclosures 
 
 As a lessor, the Company leases its properties under operating leases and recognizes base rents on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company also recognizes revenue from tenant recoveries, through which tenants reimburse the Company on an accrual basis for certain expenses such as utilities, janitorial services, repairs and maintenance, security and alarms, parking lot and ground maintenance, administrative services, management fees, insurance, and real estate taxes. Rental revenues are reduced by the amount of any leasing incentives amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the applicable lease. In addition, the Company recognizes contingent rental revenue (e.g., percentage rents based on tenant sales thresholds) when the sales thresholds are met. Many tenant leases include or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to years, or more. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the tenant's sole discretion. The Company includes a renewal period in the lease term only if it appears at lease inception that the renewal is reasonably assured. 
 
 Accrued straight-line rental adjustment Lease incentive amortization ) ) ) ) (Above) below market lease amortization, net Total rental revenue 
 
 13 

Table of Content 

 5. 
 
 million and wrote off development costs of million related to undeveloped land under predevelopment, which reflects the excess of the book value of the property's assets over the estimated fair value of the property. The Company also recognized an income tax benefit of million as a result of the recognized impairment and the development costs. On June 25, 2024, the Company entered into a non-binding letter of intent to sell the property to an unrelated third party for million, which was used as an approximation of fair value as a level 3 input in the fair value hierarchy. The Company anticipates completing the transaction in 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The land parcel did not meet the criteria to be classified as held-for-sale as of September 30, 2024. 

6. 
 
 interest in Harbor Point Parcel 3, a joint venture with Beatty Development Group, for purposes of developing T. Rowe Price's new global headquarters office building in Baltimore, Maryland. The Company is a noncontrolling partner in the joint venture and will serve as the project's general contractor. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company invested million in Harbor Point Parcel 3. The Company has an estimated equity commitment of up to million relating to this project. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the Company's investment in Harbor Point Parcel 3 was million and million, respectively, which excludes million and million, respectively, of intra-entity profits eliminated in consolidation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Harbor Point Parcel 3 had no operating activity; therefore, the Company received no allocated income. 
 
 Based on the terms of the operating agreement, the Company has concluded that Harbor Point Parcel 3 is a VIE and that the Company holds a variable interest. The Company has significant influence over the project due to its ownership interest; however, the Company does not have the power to direct the activities of the project that most significantly impact its performance. This includes activity as the managing member of the entity, which is a power that is retained by the Company's joint venture partner. Accordingly, the Company is not the project's primary beneficiary and, therefore, does not consolidate Harbor Point Parcel 3 in its consolidated financial statements. The Company's investment in the project is recorded as an equity method investment in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Harbor Point Parcel 4 
 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company acquired a interest in Harbor Point Parcel 4, a real estate venture with Beatty Development Group, for purposes of developing a mixed-use project ("Allied | Harbor Point"), which is planned to include multifamily units, retail space, and a parking garage. The Company holds an option to increase its ownership to . The Company is a noncontrolling partner in the real estate venture and will serve as the project's general contractor. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company invested million in Harbor Point Parcel 4. The Company has an estimated equity commitment of up to million relating to this project. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the Company's investment in Harbor Point Parcel 4 was million and million, respectively, which excludes million and million, respectively, of intra-entity profits eliminated in consolidation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Harbor Point Parcel 4 had no operating activity; therefore, the Company received no allocated income. 
 
 Based on the terms of the operating agreement, the Company has concluded that Harbor Point Parcel 4 is a VIE and that the Company holds a variable interest. The Company has significant influence over the project due to its ownership interest; however, the Company does not have the power to direct the activities of the project that most significantly impact its performance. This includes activity as the managing member of the entity, which is a power that is retained by the Company's partner. Accordingly, the Company is not the project's primary beneficiary and, therefore, does not consolidate Harbor Point Parcel 4 in its consolidated financial statements. The Company's investment in the project is recorded as an equity method investment in the consolidated balance sheets. 

14 

Table of Content 

 7. 
 
 (d) 
 Annually Solis Kennesaw 5/25/2027 (d) 
 Annually Solis Peachtree Corners 10/31/2027 (d) 
 Annually The Allure at Edinburgh 1/16/2028 (e) 
 None 
 Solis City Park II (f) 
 4/23/2028 Annually Solis North Creek 8/8/2030 (d) 
 Annually Total mezzanine preferred equity Other notes receivable Allowance for credit losses (g) 
 ) 
 ) Total notes receivable 
 ________________________________________ 
 (a) The Company does not intend to sell the real estate financing investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases. 
 (b) Reflects accrued interest and unused commitment fees, net of discounts due to unamortized equity fees. 
 (c) Outstanding loan amounts include any accrued and unpaid interest, and accrued fees, as applicable. 
 (d) The interest rate varies over the life of the loans and the Company also earns an unused commitment fee on amounts not drawn on the loans. 
 (e) The interest rate varies over the life of the loan. 
 (f) This note receivable was redeemed on July 10, 2024. Refer below under Solis City Park II for further details. 
 (g) The amounts as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 exclude million and million, respectively, of Current Expected Credit Losses CECL allowance that relates to the unfunded commitments, which were recorded as a liability under other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Interest on the notes receivable is accrued and funded utilizing the interest reserves for each loan and such accrued interest is generally added to the loan receivable balances. 
 (a)(b) 
 (a)(b) 
 (a)(b) 
 (a)(b) 
 Solis Kennesaw (a)(b) 
 (a) 
 (a)(b) 
 (a) 
 Solis Peachtree Corners (a)(b) 
 (a)(b) 
 (a)(b) 
 (a)(b) 
 The Allure at Edinburgh Solis City Park II (c) 
 (a) 
 (a) 
 (a) 
 (a) 
 Solis North Creek (b) 
 (b) 
 The Interlock (d) 
 (a) 
 Total mezzanine preferred equity Other interest income Total interest income 
 ________________________________________ 
 (a) Includes recognition of interest income related to fee amortization. 
 (b) Includes recognition of unused commitment fees. 
 (c) This note receivable was redeemed on July 10, 2024. Refer below under Solis City Park II for further details. 
 15 

Table of Content 

Solis City Park II 
 
 On July 10, 2024, the Company's preferred equity investment in Solis City Park II was redeemed in full for total consideration of million, including million of interest. Interest for the month of June 2024 was waived as part of the note redemption. 
 
 Solis Gainesville II 
 
 On July 10, 2024, the Company signed an amendment to the operating agreement for the entity through which the Company owns its real estate financing investment with respect to Solis Gainesville II to reduce the preference rate on the investment from to starting on January 1, 2025. The Company also received a call option to purchase a controlling interest in the entity that owns Solis Gainesville II at fair market value during the period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, which option also gives the Company a right of first refusal to buy the property during the same period. 
 
 Solis North Creek 
 
 On July 10, 2024, the Company entered into a million preferred equity investment for the development of a multifamily property located in Huntersville, North Carolina ("Solis North Creek"). The preferred equity investment has economic terms consistent with a note receivable, including a mandatory redemption feature effective on August 8, 2030, and is accounted for as a note receivable. The Company's investment bears interest at a rate of for the first 24 months. Beginning on July 10, 2026, the investment will bear interest at a rate of for 12 months. On July 10, 2027, the investment will again bear interest at through maturity. The interest compounds annually. The Company also earns an unused commitment fee of on the unfunded portion of the investment's maximum loan commitment, which also compounds annually. The preferred equity investment was initially subject to a minimum interest guarantee of million over the life of the investment. 
 
 On August 8, 2024, the Company signed an amendment to the operating agreement for the entity through which the Company owns its real estate financing investment with respect to Solis North Creek to reduce the equity funding requirement from million to million and the minimum interest guarantee from million to million. 
 
 real estate financing investments, which are financing development projects in various stages of completion or lease-up. Each of these projects is subject to a loan that is senior to the Company s loan. Interest on these loans is paid in kind and is generally not expected to be paid until a sale of the project after completion of the development. 
 
 The Company's management performs a quarterly analysis of the loan portfolio to determine the risk of credit loss based on 
 the progress of development activities, including leasing activities, projected development costs, and current and projected 
 subordinated and senior loan balances. The Company estimates future losses on its notes receivable using risk 
 ratings that correspond to probabilities of default and loss given default. The Company's risk ratings are as follows: 
 
 Pass: loans in this category are adequately collateralized by a development project with conditions materially consistent with the Company's underwriting assumptions. 
 Special Mention: loans in this category show signs that the economic performance of the project may suffer as a result of slower-than-expected leasing activity or an extended development or marketing timeline. Loans in this category warrant increased monitoring by management. 
 Substandard: loans in this category may not be fully collected by the Company unless remediation actions are taken. Remediation actions may include obtaining additional collateral or assisting the borrower with asset management activities to prepare the project for sale. The Company will also consider placing the loan on non-accrual status if it does not believe that additional interest accruals will ultimately be collected. 
 
 The Company updated the risk ratings for each of its notes receivable as of September 30, 2024 and obtained industry loan loss data relative to these risk ratings. Each of the outstanding loans as of September 30, 2024 was "Pass" rated. The Company's analysis resulted in an allowance for loan losses of approximately million as of September 30, 2024, of which an allowance related to unfunded commitments of approximately million as of September 30, 2024 was recorded as other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 16 

Table of Content 

million of notes receivable, net of allowances of million. At December 31, 2023, the Company reported million of notes receivable, net of allowances of million. 
 Unrealized credit loss provision (release) ) Release due to redemption ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company places loans on non-accrual status when the loan balance, together with the balance of any senior loan, approximately equals the estimated realizable value of the underlying development project. As of September 30, 2024, no loans were placed on non-accrual status. 

8. 
 
 to months . 
 
 Billings in excess of construction contract costs and estimated earnings represent billings or collections on contracts made in advance of revenue recognized. 
 
 Revenue recognized that was included in the balance at the beginning of the period ) ) Increases due to new billings, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period Transferred to receivables ) ) Construction contract costs and estimated earnings not billed during the period Changes due to cumulative catch-up adjustment arising from changes in the estimate of the stage of completion ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Pre-contract costs of million and million were deferred as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Amortization of pre-contract costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Construction receivables and payables include retentions, which are amounts that are generally withheld until the completion of the contract or the satisfaction of certain restrictive conditions such as fulfillment guarantees. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, construction receivables included retentions of million and million, respectively. The Company expects to collect substantially all construction receivables outstanding as 
 17 

Table of Content 

 to months . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, construction payables included retentions of million and million, respectively. The Company expects to pay substantially all construction payables outstanding as of September 30, 2024 during the next to months . 
 
 Estimated earnings Billings ) ) Net position ) ) Construction contract costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings Billings in excess of construction contract costs and estimated earnings ) ) Net position ) ) 
 The above table reflects the net effect of projects closed as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, as applicable. 
 
 New contracts/change orders Work performed ) ) ) ) Ending backlog 
 
 The Company expects to complete a majority of the uncompleted contracts in place as of September 30, 2024 during the next to months. 

9. 
 million credit facility comprised of a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") and a million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "term loan facility" and, together with the revolving credit facility, the "credit facility"), with a syndicate of banks. 
 
 The credit facility includes an accordion feature that allows the total commitments to be increased to billion, subject to certain conditions, including obtaining commitments from any one or more lenders. The revolving credit facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 22, 2027, with extension options, subject to the Company's satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of a extension fee at each extension. The term loan facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 21, 2028. 
 
 On August 29, 2023, the Company increased the capacity of the revolving credit facility by million by exercising the accordion feature in part, bringing the revolving credit facility capacity to million and the total credit facility capacity to million. 
 
 On June 14, 2024, the term loan facility commitment increased by million to million as a result of an existing lender increasing its outstanding commitment. 
 
 The revolving credit facility bears interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a margin ranging from to and a credit spread adjustment of , and the term loan facility bears interest at SOFR plus a margin 
 18 

Table of Content 

 to and a credit spread adjustment of , in each case depending on the Company's total leverage. The Company is also obligated to pay an unused commitment fee of or basis points on the unused portions of the commitments under the revolving credit facility, depending on the amount of borrowings under the revolving credit facility. If the Company or the Operating Partnership attains investment grade credit ratings from both S P Global Ratings and Moody's Investors Service, Inc., the Operating Partnership may elect to have borrowings become subject to interest rates based on such credit ratings. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance on the revolving credit facility was million and million, respectively. The outstanding balance on the term loan facility was million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rates on the revolving credit facility and the term loan facility, before giving effect to interest rate swaps, were and , respectively. After giving effect to interest rate swaps, the effective interest rates on the revolving credit facility and the term loan facility were and , respectively, as of September 30, 2024. The Operating Partnership may, at any time, voluntarily prepay any loan under the credit facility in whole or in part without premium or penalty. 
 
 The Operating Partnership is the borrower, and its obligations under the credit facility are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries that are not otherwise prohibited from providing such guaranty. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and financial and other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company's ability to borrow under the credit facility is subject to ongoing compliance with a number of financial covenants, affirmative covenants, and other restrictions. The Credit Agreement includes customary events of default, in certain cases subject to customary cure periods. The occurrence of an event of default, if not cured within the applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the unpaid principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and all other amounts payable under the credit facility to be immediately due and payable. 
 
 M T Term Loan Facility 
 
 On December 6, 2022, the Company, as parent guarantor, and the Operating Partnership, as borrower, entered into a term loan agreement (the "M T term loan agreement") with Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as lender and administrative agent, which provides a million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "M T term loan facility"), with the option to increase the total capacity to million, subject to the Company's satisfaction of certain conditions. The proceeds from the M T term loan facility were used to repay the loans secured by the Wills Wharf, 249 Central Park Retail, Fountain Plaza Retail, and South Retail properties. The M T term loan facility has a scheduled maturity date of March 8, 2027, with a extension option, subject to the Company's satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of a extension fee. 
 
 The M T term loan facility bears interest at a rate elected by the Operating Partnership based on term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, or the Base Rate (as defined below), and in each case plus a margin. A term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR loan is also subject to a credit spread adjustment of . The margin under each interest rate election depends on the Company's total leverage. The "Base Rate" is equal to the highest of: (a) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by M T Bank as its prime rate for such day, (b) the Federal Funds Rate for such day, plus , (c) one month term SOFR for such day plus basis points and (d) . The Operating Partnership has elected for the loan to bear interest at term SOFR plus margin. If the Company or the Operating Partnership attains investment grade credit ratings from both S P Global Ratings and Moody's Investor Service, Inc., the Operating Partnership may elect to have borrowings become subject to interest rates based on such credit ratings. 
 
 On June 21, 2024, the M T term loan facility commitment increased by million to million as a result of adding a new lender to the facility. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance on the M T term loan facility was million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate on the M T term loan facility, before giving effect to interest rate swaps, was . After giving effect to interest rate swaps, the effective interest rate on the M T term loan facility was as of September 30, 2024. The Operating Partnership may, at any time, voluntarily prepay the M T term loan facility in whole or in part without premium or penalty, provided certain conditions are met. 
 
 The Operating Partnership is the borrower under the M T term loan facility, and its obligations under the M T term loan facility are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries that are not otherwise prohibited from providing such guaranty. The M T term loan agreement contains customary representations and warranties and financial and other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company's ability to borrow under the M T term loan facility is subject to ongoing compliance with a number of financial covenants, affirmative covenants, and other restrictions. The term loan 
 19 

Table of Content 

 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "TD term loan facility"), with the option to increase the total capacity to million, subject to the Company's satisfaction of certain conditions. The TD term loan facility has a scheduled maturity date of May 19, 2025, with a extension option, subject to the Company's satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of a extension fee. 
 
 The TD term loan facility bears interest at a rate elected by the Operating Partnership based on term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, or the Base Rate (as defined below), and in each case plus a margin. A term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR loan is also subject to a credit spread adjustment of . The margin under each interest rate election depends on the Company's total leverage. The "Base Rate" is equal to the highest of: (a) the Federal Funds Rate for such day, plus (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the administrative agent as its prime rate for such day, (c) one month term SOFR for such day plus basis points and (d) . The Operating Partnership has elected for the loan to bear interest at term SOFR plus margin. If the Company or the Operating Partnership attains investment grade credit ratings from both S P Global Ratings and Moody's Investor Service, Inc., the Operating Partnership may elect to have borrowings become subject to interest rates based on such credit ratings. 
 
 On June 29, 2023, the TD term loan facility commitment increased to million as a result of the addition of a second lender to the facility. 
 
 As of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance on the TD term loan facility was million. As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate on the TD term loan facility, before giving effect to interest rate swaps, was . After giving effect to interest rate swaps, the effective interest rate on the TD term loan facility was as of September 30, 2024. The Operating Partnership may, at any time, voluntarily prepay the TD term loan facility in whole or in part without premium or penalty, provided certain conditions are met. 
 
 The Operating Partnership is the borrower under the TD term loan facility, and its obligations under the TD term loan facility are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries that are not otherwise prohibited from providing such guaranty. The TD term loan agreement contains customary representations and warranties and financial and other affirmative and negative covenants. The Company's ability to borrow under the TD term loan facility is subject to ongoing compliance with a number of financial covenants, affirmative covenants, and other restrictions. The TD term loan agreement includes customary events of default, in certain cases subject to customary cure periods. The occurrence of an event of default, if not cured within the applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the unpaid principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and all other amounts payable under the TD term loan facility to be immediately due and payable. 
 
 The Company is currently in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement, the M T term loan agreement, and the TD term loan agreement, all of which are substantially similar. 
 
 Other 2024 Financing Activity 
 
 The Company exercised its option to extend the maturity date on the loan secured by Chronicle Mill by , which will now mature on May 5, 2025. The Company paid a nominal extension fee. 
 
 On June 10, 2024, the Company paid off the million balance of the loan secured by the Red Mill Central shopping center and added the property to the unencumbered borrowing base. 
 
 On September 27, 2024, the Company paid off the million, million, and million balances of the loans secured by the Chronicle Mill mixed-use multifamily, retail, and office property, the Premier mixed-use multifamily and retail property, and the Market at Mill Creek retail property, respectively. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company borrow ed million u nder its existing construction 
 20 

Table of Content 

10. 
 (a) 
 1-month SOFR 10/2/2023 10/1/2025 Floating rate pool of loans (b) 
 1-month SOFR 10/1/2023 10/1/2025 Harbor Point Parcel 4 senior construction loan (c) 
 1-month SOFR 11/1/2023 11/1/2025 Floating rate pool of loans (d) 
 1-month SOFR 12/1/2023 12/1/2025 Revolving credit facility and TD unsecured term loan 
 (e) 
 Daily SOFR 5/19/2023 5/19/2026 Thames Street Wharf loan 
 (f) 
 Daily SOFR 9/30/2021 9/30/2026 M T unsecured term loan (f) 
 1-month SOFR 12/6/2022 12/6/2027 Liberty Retail Apartments loan 
 (g) 
 1-month SOFR 
 12/13/2022 1/21/2028 Senior unsecured term loan (g) 
 1-month SOFR 12/13/2022 1/21/2028 Total 
 ________________________________________ 
 (a) This interest rate swap agreement reduces the Company's interest rate exposure on the million senior construction loan secured by the Company's Harbor Point Parcel 3 equity method investment as described in Note 6 . As such, the loan is not reflected on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company also paid million to reduce the swap fixed rate in the period in which it was purchased. 
 (b) The Company paid million to reduce the swap fixed rate in the period in which it was purchased. 
 (c) This interest rate swap agreement reduces the Company's interest rate exposure on the million senior construction loan secured by the Company's Harbor Point Parcel 4 equity method investment as described in Note 6. As such, the loan is not reflected on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company also paid million to reduce the swap fixed rate in the period in which it was purchased. 
 (d) The Company paid million to reduce the swap fixed rate in the period in which it was purchased. 
 (e) Subject to cancellation by the counterparty beginning on May 1, 2025 and the first day of each month thereafter. 
 (f) Designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 (g) The Company novated an existing fixed rate swap with a million notional and assigned (A) million notional to the loan secured by Market at Mill Creek, effective April 17, 2024 and (B) million to the loan secured by Liberty Retail Apartments, effective February 1, 2024. Once the Market at Mill Creek loan was repaid, the million swap on the senior unsecured loan increased to million. 
 
 For the interest rate swaps and caps designated as cash flow hedges, realized gains and losses are reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income to interest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income due to payments received from and paid to the counterparty. During the next 12 months, the Company anticipates recognizing approximately million of net hedging gains as reductions to interest expense. These amounts will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings to offset the variability of the hedged items during this period. 
 
 21 

Table of Content 

 ) Total derivatives not designated as accounting hedges ) Derivatives designated as accounting hedges Interest rate swaps ) Interest rate caps Total derivatives ) ) Interest rate caps ) ) Total unrealized change in fair value of interest rate derivatives ) ) Comprehensive income statement presentation: Change in fair value of derivatives and other 
 ) ) Unrealized cash flow hedge gains ) Total unrealized change in fair value of interest rate derivatives ) ) 

11. 
 
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the "Series A Preferred Stock") having an aggregate offering price of up to million, to or through its sales agents and, with respect to shares of its common stock, may enter into separate forward sales agreements to or through the forward purchaser. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock at a weighted average price of per share under the ATM Program, receiving net proceeds, after offering costs and commissions, of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not issue any shares of Series A Preferred Stock under the ATM Program. Shares having an aggregate offering price of million remained unsold under the ATM Program as of November 4, 2024. 
 
 On January 2, 2024, in connection with the tender by a holder of units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership ("Class A Units") for redemption by the Operating Partnership, the Company elected to satisfy the redemption request with a cash payment of million. 
 
 On July 1, 2024, in connection with the tender by holders of Class A Units of Class A Units for redemption by the Operating Partnership, the Company elected to satisfy the redemption requests through the issuance of an equal number of shares of common stock. 
 
 22 

Table of Content 

 Class A Units for redemption by the Operating Partnership, the Company elected to satisfy the redemption request with a cash payment of million. 
 
 On September 27, 2024, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of million shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share, which resulted in gross proceeds of million. The Company granted the underwriters an option to purchase million shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share, which resulted in gross proceeds of million. The Company had net proceeds, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses, of million. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held a and , respectively, economic interest in the Operating Partnership. As of September 30, 2024, the Company also held a preferred interest in the Operating Partnership in the form of preferred units with a liquidation preference of million. The Company is the primary beneficiary of the Operating Partnership as it has the power to direct the activities of the Operating Partnership and the rights to absorb of the net income of the Operating Partnership. As the primary beneficiary, the Company consolidates the financial position and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. Noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership represent units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership not held by the Company. As of September 30, 2024, there were Class A Units and LTIP Units in the Operating Partnership ("LTIP Units") not held by the Company. The Company's financial position and results of operations are the same as those of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Additionally, the Operating Partnership owns a majority interest in certain non-wholly owned operating and development properties. The noncontrolling interest for consolidated real estate entities was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which represents the minority partners' interest in certain joint venture entities. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On June 15, 2023, the Company adopted a million share repurchase program (the "Share Repurchase Program"). Under the Share Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock from time to time in the open market, in block purchases, through privately negotiated transactions, the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other means. The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares or acquire shares over any specific period of time. The Share Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time by the Company and does not have an expiration date. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did repurchase any shares of common stock or Series A Preferred Stock. As of September 30, 2024, million remained available for repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 
 Common Stock/Class A Units 02/20/2024 03/27/2024 04/04/2024 Common Stock/Class A Units 06/13/2024 06/26/2024 07/05/2024 Common Stock/Class A Units 09/10/2024 09/25/2024 10/03/2024 Series A Preferred Stock 12/14/2023 01/02/2024 01/12/2024 Series A Preferred Stock 02/20/2024 04/01/2024 04/15/2024 Series A Preferred Stock 06/13/2024 07/01/2024 07/15/2024 Series A Preferred Stock 09/10/2024 10/01/2024 10/15/2024 
 
 23 

Table of Content 

 12. 
 shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares available for issuance under the Equity Plan. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted an aggregate of shares of restricted stock, LTIP Units, and performance units to employees and non-employee directors with a weighted average grant date fair value of per share of restricted stock, per LTIP Unit, and per performance unit, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, employees surrendered shares of stock for income tax withholdings. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares of restricted stock and performance units were forfeited in accordance with service conditions of grants. Employee restricted stock awards generally vest over a period of : one-third immediately on the grant date and the remaining two-thirds in equal amounts on the first two anniversaries following the grant date, subject to continued service to the Company. Executive officers' restricted shares or LTIP Units generally vest over a period of : two-fifths immediately on the grant date and the remaining three-fifths in equal amounts on the first three anniversaries following the grant date, subject to continued service to the Company. Non-employee director restricted stock awards or LTIP Units may vest either immediately upon grant or over a period of , subject to continued service to the Company. Employee performance units generally vest over a period of : two-fifths on the last day of a performance period, and the remaining three-fifths in equal amounts on the first three anniversaries following the end of the performance period, subject to continued service to the Company and certain market conditions. Unvested restricted stock awards, LTIP Units, and performance units are entitled to receive distributions from their grant date. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation cost. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation cost. As of September 30, 2024, there were unvested shares of restricted stock, unvested LTIP Units, and unvested performance units outstanding; the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested shares of restricted stock, unvested LTIP Units, and unvested performance units was million, which the Company expects to recognize over the next months. 

13. 
 
 24 

Table of Content 

 Notes receivable, net Interest rate swap liabilities Interest rate swap and cap assets 
 ________________________________________ 
 (a) Excludes million and million of deferred financing costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

14. 
 outstanding construction receivables due from related parties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company provides general contracting services to the Harbor Point Parcel 3 and Harbor Point Parcel 4 ventures. See Note 6 for more information. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized gross profit o f million and million, respectively, relating to these construction contracts. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized gross prof it of million and million , respectively, relating to these construction contracts. 

15. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 In connection with certain of the Company's real estate financing activities and equity method investments, the Company has made guarantees to pay portions of certain senior loans of third parties associated with the development projects. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an outstanding guarantee liability of million related to the million guarantee of the senior loan secured by Harbor Point Parcel 4. 
 
 Commitments 
 
 The Company has a bonding line of credit for its general contracting construction business and is contingently liable under 
 25 

Table of Content 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Unfunded Loan Commitments 
 
 The Company has certain commitments related to its notes receivable investments that it may be required to fund in the future. The Company is generally obligated to fund these commitments at the request of the borrower or upon the occurrence of events outside of the Company's direct control. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had notes receivable with a total of million of unfunded commitments. These unfunded commitments consist of million of unfunded principal and million of unfunded contingency. The Company considers the probability of contingency funding to be remote. If commitments are funded in the future, interest will be charged at rates consistent with the existing investments. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded a million CECL allowance that relates to the unfunded commitments, which was recorded as a liability in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. See Note 7 for more information. 

16. 
 million on the revolving credit facility. 
 
 In October 2024, the Company borrowed million on its construction loan to fund development activities. 
 
 Equity 
 
 In October 2024, in connection with the tender by holders of Class A Units of Class A Units for redemption by the Operating Partnership, the Company elected to satisfy the redemption request with a cash payment of less than million. 
 26 

Table of Content 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 References to "we," "our," "us," and "our company" refer to Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation, together with our consolidated subsidiaries, including Armada Hoffler, L.P., a Virginia limited partnership (the "Operating Partnership"), of which we are the sole general partner. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. We caution investors that any forward-looking statements presented in this report, or which management may make orally or in writing from time to time, are based on beliefs and assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. When used, the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "intend," "may," "might," "plan," "estimate," "project," "should," "will," "result," and similar expressions, which do not relate solely to historical matters, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance, which may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties, and factors that are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. We caution you that while forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs when we make them, they are not guarantees of future performance and are impacted by actual events when they occur after we make such statements. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on past forward-looking statements, which are based on results and trends at the time they are made, to anticipate future results or trends. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise, and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 
 adverse economic or real estate developments, either nationally or in the markets in which our properties are located; 
 our failure to generate sufficient cash flows to service our outstanding indebtedness; 
 defaults on, early terminations of, or non-renewal of leases by tenants, including significant tenants; 
 bankruptcy or insolvency of a significant tenant or a substantial number of smaller tenants; 
 the inability of one or more mezzanine loan borrowers to repay mezzanine loans or similar investments in accordance with their contractual terms; 
 difficulties in identifying or completing development, acquisition, or disposition opportunities; 
 our ability to commence or continue construction and development projects on the timeframes and terms currently anticipated; 
 our failure to successfully operate developed and acquired properties; 
 our failure to generate income in our general contracting and real estate services segment in amounts that we anticipate; 
 fluctuations in interest rates; 
 the impact of inflation, including increases in operating costs; 
 our failure to obtain necessary outside financing on favorable terms or at all; 
 our inability to extend the maturity of or refinance existing debt or comply with the financial covenants in the agreements that govern our existing debt; 
 financial market fluctuations; 
 risks that affect the general retail environment or the market for office properties or multifamily units; 
 the competitive environment in which we operate; 
 27 

Table of Content 

 decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates; 
 conflicts of interests with our officers and directors; 
 lack or insufficient amounts of insurance; 
 environmental uncertainties and risks related to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; 
 other factors affecting the real estate industry generally; 
 our failure to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 limitations imposed on our business and our ability to satisfy complex rules in order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 changes in governmental regulations or interpretations thereof, such as real estate and zoning laws and increases in real property tax rates and taxation of REITs; and 
 potential negative impacts from changes to U.S. tax laws. 
 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. We caution investors not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and urge investors to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks and uncertainties in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as risks, uncertainties, and other factors discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 

Business Description 
 
 We are a vertically-integrated, self-managed REIT with over four decades of experience managing, building, acquiring, and developing high-quality retail, office, and multifamily properties located primarily in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern United States. In addition to the ownership of our operating property portfolio, we develop and build properties for our own account and through joint ventures between us and unaffiliated partners and also invest in development projects through real estate financing arrangements. We also provide general construction and development services to third-party clients. Our construction and development experience includes mid- and high-rise office buildings, retail strip malls, retail power centers, multifamily apartment communities, hotels and conference centers, single- and multi-tenant industrial, distribution, and manufacturing facilities, educational, medical and special purpose facilities, government projects, parking garages, and mixed-use town centers. 
 
 Refer to Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the composition of properties in our operating property portfolio, as well as properties under development or redevelopment. 
 
 Real Estate Financing Investments 
 
 Solis City Park II 
 
 On March 23, 2022, we entered into a 20.6 million preferred equity investment for the development of a multifamily property located in Charlotte, North Carolina. The investment has economic terms consistent with a note receivable, including a mandatory redemption or maturity on April 28, 2026, and it is accounted for as a note receivable. Our investment bears interest at a rate of 13 , compounded annually, with a minimum preferred return of 5.2 million, which represents approximately 24 months of interest. Our investment also earns an equity fee on our commitment of 0.2 million, which is amortized through the date of redemption. 
 
 On July 10, 2024, the borrower paid off the Solis City Park II note receivable in full. We received a total of 25.8 million, which consisted of 20.6 million outstanding principal and 5.2 million of accrued interest. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.1 million and 1.5 million, respectively, of interest income on the note. 
 
 28 

Table of Content 

 Solis Gainesville II 
 
 On October 3, 2022, we entered into a 19.6 million preferred equity investment for the development of a multifamily property located in Gainesville, Georgia (Solis Gainesville II). This project is located nearby our recently completed multifamily development project in Gainesville, The Everly. The preferred equity investment has economic and other terms consistent with a note receivable, including a mandatory redemption or maturity on October 3, 2026, and it is accounted for as a note receivable. Our investment bears interest at a rate of 14.0 effective through the first 24 months of the investment. Beginning on October 3, 2024, the investment will bear interest at a rate of 10.0 for 12 months. On October 3, 2025, the investment will again bear interest at a rate of 14.0 through maturity. Additionally, the investment earns an unused commitment fee of 10.0 on the unfunded portion of the investment's maximum loan commitment, effective January 1, 2023, and an equity fee on our commitment of 0.3 million, which is amortized through the date of redemption. Both the interest and unused commitment fee compound annually. The preferred equity investment is subject to a minimum interest guarantee of 5.9 million over the life of the investment, which represents approximately 24 months of interest. 
 
 On July 10, 2024, we signed an amendment to the operating agreement for the entity through which we own our real estate financing investment with respect to Solis Gainesville II to reduce the preference rate on the investment from 14 to 6 starting on January 1, 2025. We also received a call option to purchase a controlling interest in the entity that owns Solis Gainesville II at fair market value during the period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, which option also gives us a right of first refusal to buy the property during the same period. 
 
 The balance on the Solis Gainesville II note was 24.6 million as of September 30, 2024, which includes 4.8 million of cumulative accrued interest, 0.4 million of cumulative accrued unused commitment fees and a discount of 0.1 million due to unamortized equity fees. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.8 million and 2.4 million, respectively, of interest income on the note. As of September 30, 2024, this note was fully funded and the development property was approximately 53 leased. 
 
 Solis Kennesaw 
 
 On May 25, 2023, we entered into a 37.9 million preferred equity investment for the development of a multifamily property located in Marietta, Georgia. The investment has economic terms consistent with a note receivable, including a mandatory redemption or maturity on May 25, 2027, and it is accounted for as a note receivable. Our investment bears interest at a rate of 14.0 for the first 24 months. Beginning on May 25, 2025, the investment will bear interest at a rate of 9.0 for the following twelve months. On May 25, 2026, the investment will again bear interest at a rate of 14.0 through maturity. The interest compounds annually. We also earn an unused commitment fee of 11.0 on the unfunded portion of the investment's maximum commitment, which does not compound, and an equity fee on our commitment of 0.6 million which is amortized through the date of redemption. The preferred equity investment is subject to a minimum interest guarantee of 13.1 million over the life of the investment, which represents approximately 27 months of interest. 
 
 The balance on the Solis Kennesaw note was 44.1 million as of September 30, 2024, which includes 3.7 million of cumulative accrued interest, 2.9 million of cumulative accrued unused commitment fees and a discount of 0.4 million due to unamortized equity fees. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 1.4 million and 4.0 million, respectively, of interest income on the note. 
 
 Solis Peachtree Corners 
 
 On July 26, 2023, we entered into a 28.4 million preferred equity investment for the development of a multifamily property located in Peachtree Corners, Georgia ("Solis Peachtree Corners"). The preferred equity investment has economic and other terms consistent with a note receivable, including a mandatory redemption feature effective on October 27, 2027, and it is accounted for as a note receivable. Our investment bears interest at a rate of 15.0 for the first 27 months. Beginning on November 1, 2025, the investment will bear interest at a rate of 9.0 for 12 months. On November 1, 2026, the investment will again bear interest at a rate of 15.0 through maturity. The interest compounds annually. We also earn an unused commitment fee of 10.0 on the unfunded portion of the investment's maximum loan commitment, which also compounds annually, and an equity fee on our commitment of 0.4 million which is amortized through the date of redemption. The preferred equity investment is subject to a minimum interest guarantee of 12.0 million over the life of the investment, which represents approximately 30 months of interest. 
 
 The balance on the Solis Peachtree Corners note was 24.5 million as of September 30, 2024, which includes 2.2 million of cumulative accrued interest, 2.0 million of cumulative accrued unused commitment fees and a discount of 0.3 million due to unamortized equity fees. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 1.1 million and 2.9 million, respectively, of interest income on the note. 
 29 

Table of Content 

The Allure at Edinburgh 
 
 On July 26, 2023, we entered into a 9.2 million preferred equity investment for the development of a multifamily property located in Chesapeake, Virginia ("The Allure at Edinburgh"). The preferred equity investment has economic and other terms consistent with a note receivable, including a mandatory redemption feature effective on January 16, 2028, and it is accounted for as a note receivable. Our investment bears interest at a rate of 15.0 , which does not compound. Upon The Allure at Edinburgh obtaining a certificate of occupancy, the investment will bear interest at a rate of 10.0 . The common equity partner in the development property holds an option to sell the property to us at a predetermined amount if certain conditions are met. We also hold an option to purchase the property at any time prior to maturity of the preferred equity investment, and at the same predetermined amount as the common equity partner's option to sell. 
 
 The balance on The Allure at Edinburgh note was 10.9 million as of September 30, 2024, which includes 1.6 million of cumulative accrued interest. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.3 million and 1.0 million, respectively, of interest income on the note. As of September 30, 2024, this note was fully funded. 
 
 Solis North Creek 
 
 On July 10, 2024, we entered into a 27.0 million preferred equity investment for the development of a multifamily property located in Huntersville, North Carolina ("Solis North Creek"). The preferred equity investment has economic terms consistent with a note receivable, including a mandatory redemption feature effective on August 8, 2030, and it is accounted for as a note receivable. Our investment bears interest at a rate of 12.0 for the first 24 months. Beginning on July 10, 2026, the investment will bear interest at a rate of 9.0 for 12 months. On July 10, 2027, the investment will again bear interest at 12.0 through maturity. The interest compounds annually. We also earn an unused commitment fee of 4.5 on the unfunded portion of the investment's maximum loan commitment, which also compounds annually. The preferred equity investment was initially subject to a minimum interest guarantee of 8.9 million over the life of the investment. 
 
 On August 8, 2024, the Company signed an amendment to the operating agreement for the entity through which we own our real estate financing investment with respect to Solis North Creek to reduce the equity funding requirement from 27.0 million to 26.8 million and the minimum interest guarantee from 8.9 million to 8.8 million. 
 
 The balance on the Solis North Creek note was 2.7 million as of September 30, 2024, which includes less than 0.1 million of cumulative accrued interest and 0.3 million of cumulative accrued unused commitment fees. During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.3 million of interest income on the note. 

Third Quarter 2024 and Recent Highlights 
 
 The following highlights our results of operations and significant transactions for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and other recent developments: 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders and holders ("OP Unitholders") of units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership ("OP Units") of 10.4 million, or 0.11 per diluted share, compared to net income attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders of 5.3 million, or 0.06 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders ("FFO") of 12.7 million, or 0.14 per diluted share, compared to 27.6 million, or 0.31 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 
 
 Normalized funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders ("Normalized FFO") of 31.4 million, or 0.35 per diluted share, compared to 27.7 million, or 0.31 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures." 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, weighted average stabilized portfolio occupancy was 95.4 . Retail occupancy was 96.2 , office occupancy was 94.7 , and multifamily occupancy was 95.3 . 
 
 Positive spreads on renewals across all segments: 
 Retail 13.1 (GAAP) and 7.8 (Cash) 
 Office 18.5 (GAAP) and 0.8 (Cash) 
 Multifamily 1.8 (GAAP and Cash) 
 
 30 

Table of Content 

 Executed 28 lease renewals and 9 new leases during the third quarter for an aggregate of 273,212 of net rentable square feet. 
 
 Office Same Store NOI increased 6.1 on a GAAP basis compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Third-party construction backlog as of September 30, 2024 was 193.1 million and construction gross profit for the third quarter was 3.4 million . 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, unrealized losses on non-designated interest rate derivatives that negatively affected FFO were 16.7 million. As of September 30, 2024, the value of the Company s entire interest rate derivative portfolio, net of unrealized losses, was 11.1 million. These losses are excluded from normalized FFO. 
 
 In July, we realized 25.8 million in cash upon full redemption of the Solis City Park II preferred equity investment. 
 
 Raised 108.7 million of gross proceeds in an underwritten public offering of 10.35 million shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 10.50 per share. Net proceeds, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses, totaled 103.5 million. 
 
 On September 27, 2024, the Company paid off the 35.0 million, 23.7 million, and 10.9 million balances of the loans secured by the Chronicle Mill mixed-use multifamily, retail, and office property, the Premier mixed-use multifamily and retail property, and the Market at Mill Creek retail property, respectively. 

Segment Results of Operations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we operated our business in five segments: (i) retail real estate, (ii) office real estate, (iii) multifamily real estate, (iv) general contracting and real estate services, and (v) real estate financing. Our general contracting and real estate services segment is conducted through our taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"). Net operating income ("NOI") is the primary measure used by our chief operating decision-maker to assess segment performance and allocate our resources among our segments. We calculate NOI as segment revenues less segment expenses. Segment revenues include rental revenues for our property segments, general contracting and real estate services revenues for our general contracting and real estate services segment, and interest income for our real estate financing segment. Segment expenses include rental expenses and real estate taxes for our property segments, general contracting and real estate services expenses for our general contracting and real estate services segment, and interest expense for our real estate financing segment. NOI is not a measure of operating income or cash flows from operating activities as measured by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") and is not indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. As a result, NOI should not be considered an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. Not all companies calculate NOI in the same manner. We consider NOI to be an appropriate supplemental measure to net income because it assists both investors and management in understanding the core operations of our real estate and construction businesses. See Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a reconciliation of NOI to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 We define same store properties as those properties that we owned and operated and that were stabilized for the entirety of both periods presented. We generally consider a property to be stabilized upon the earlier of: (i) the quarter after the property reaches 80 occupancy or (ii) the thirteenth quarter after the property receives its certificate of occupancy. Additionally, any property that is fully or partially taken out of service for the purpose of redevelopment is no longer considered stabilized until the redevelopment activities are complete, the asset is placed back into service, and the occupancy criterion above is again met. A property may also be fully or partially taken out of service as a result of a partial disposition, depending on the significance of the portion of the property disposed. Finally, any property classified as held for sale is taken out of service for the purpose of computing same store operating results. 
 
 Since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we retrospectively reclassified certain components of mixed-use properties between the retail, office, and multifamily real estate segments in order to align the components of those properties with their tenant composition. As a result, NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased 0.5 million for the retail real estate segment, and decreased less than 0.1 million and 0.4 million for the office and multifamily real estate segments, respectively. NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased 1.3 million and less than 0.1 for the retail and office real estate segments, respectively, and decreased 1.4 million for the multifamily real estate segment. These reclassifications had no effect on total property NOI as previously reported. These reclassifications also had no impact on our general contracting and real estate services or real estate financing segments. 
 
 31 

Table of Content 

 Retail Segment Data 
 
 Retail rental revenues, property expenses, and NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental revenues 26,161 26,502 (341) 77,905 74,749 3,156 Property expenses 7,570 6,611 959 21,399 18,936 2,463 Segment NOI 18,591 19,891 (1,300) 56,506 55,813 693 
 
 Retail segment NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 6.5 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased parking income at The Interlock Retail, the commencement of operations of Southern Post Retail in the third quarter of 2024, and a nonrecurring collection of bad debt that occurred in 2023 for Harrisonburg Regal. Retail segment NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is materially consistent with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Retail Same Store Results 
 
 Retail same store results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude Southern Post Retail and Columbus Village II due to redevelopment. Retail same store results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 also exclude Chronicle Mill Retail and The Interlock Retail. 
 
 Retail same store rental revenues, property expenses, and NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental revenues 25,834 26,224 (390) 69,324 69,223 101 Property expenses 6,746 6,148 598 17,572 16,543 1,029 Same Store NOI 
 19,088 20,076 (988) 51,752 52,680 (928) Non-Same Store NOI 
 (497) (185) (312) 4,754 3,133 1,621 Segment NOI 
 18,591 19,891 (1,300) 56,506 55,813 693 
 
 Retail same store NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 4.9 and 1.8 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased costs such as repairs and maintenance, contracted services, utilities and insurance, and professional fees, as well as decreased parking income. 
 
 Office Segment Data 
 
 Office rental revenues, property expenses, and NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental revenues 27,784 22,052 5,732 72,532 62,338 10,194 Property expenses 8,667 8,202 465 24,503 22,935 1,568 Segment NOI 19,117 13,850 5,267 48,029 39,403 8,626 
 
 Office segment NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 38.0 and 21.9 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the receipt of a termination fee from one of our tenants at Wills Wharf and the addition of new tenants at Wills Wharf, as well as the acquisition of The Interlock Office in May 2023. 
 
 32 

Table of Content 

 Office Same Store Results 
 
 Office same store results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude Southern Post Office. Office same store results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 also exclude Chronicle Mill Office and The Interlock Office. 
 
 Office same store rental revenues, property expenses, and NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental revenues 23,474 22,052 1,422 61,584 58,536 3,048 Property expenses 8,434 7,883 551 21,968 21,004 964 Same Store NOI (1) 
 15,040 14,169 871 39,616 37,532 2,084 Non-Same Store NOI (1) 
 4,077 (319) 4,396 8,413 1,871 6,542 Segment NOI 19,117 13,850 5,267 48,029 39,403 8,626 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Same Store NOI excludes a 4.0 million termination fee received from one of our tenants at the Wills Wharf property and 0.3 million of accelerated straight-line rent effect from the termination of such tenant's lease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The impact of the same is included in Non-Same Store NOI. 
 
 Office same store NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 6.1 and 5.6 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to new tenants at Wills Wharf. 
 
 Multifamily Segment Data 
 
 Multifamily rental revenues, property expenses, and NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental revenues 14,653 14,359 294 43,307 41,995 1,312 Property expenses 6,599 5,810 789 18,437 16,431 2,006 Segment NOI 8,054 8,549 (495) 24,870 25,564 (694) 
 
 Multifamily segment NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 5.8 and 2.7 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the commencement of operations at Chandler Residences in April 2024, as well as increased utilities and repairs and maintenance at Chronicle Mill Apartments. 
 
 Multifamily Same Store Results 
 
 Multifamily same store results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 exclude Chandler Residences. Multifamily same store results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 also exclude Chronicle Mill Apartments. 
 
 33 

Table of Content 

 Multifamily same store rental revenues, property expenses and NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental revenues 14,366 14,359 7 39,394 38,635 759 Property expenses 5,944 5,617 327 15,815 14,804 1,011 Same Store NOI 8,422 8,742 (320) 23,579 23,831 (252) Non-Same Store NOI (368) (193) (175) 1,291 1,733 (442) Segment NOI 8,054 8,549 (495) 24,870 25,564 (694) 
 
 Multifamily same store NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 3.7 and 1.1 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased utilities and repair and maintenance. 
 
 General Contracting and Real Estate Services Segment Data 
 
 General contracting and real estate services revenues, expenses, and gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change General contracting and real estate services revenues 114,353 99,408 14,945 358,167 286,220 71,947 General contracting and real estate services expenses 110,987 96,095 14,892 346,385 276,336 70,049 Segment gross profit 3,366 3,313 53 11,782 9,884 1,898 Operating margin (1) 
 2.9 3.3 (0.4) 3.3 3.5 (0.2) 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) 50 and 90 of gross profit attributable to our T. Rowe Price Global HQ and Allied | Harbor Point development projects, respectively, is not reflected within general contracting and real estate services revenues due to elimination. The Company is still entitled to receive cash proceeds in relation to the eliminated amounts. Prior to any gross profit eliminations attributable to these projects, operating margin was 3.2 and 3.6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 3.8 and 3.9 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 General contracting and real estate services segment gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 0.1 million and 1.9 million, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in work performed in the execution of our backlog and the recognition of savings from unused contingencies for certain contracts. 
 
 The changes in third party construction backlog for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning backlog 302,850 592,787 472,169 665,564 New contracts/change orders 4,886 20,646 80,067 135,414 Work performed (114,614) (99,855) (359,114) (287,400) Ending backlog 193,122 513,578 193,122 513,578 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 48.0 million in the backlog relating to the Harbor Point Parcel 3 and Harbor Point Parcel 4 developments in Baltimore. 
 
 34 

Table of Content 

 Real Estate Financing Segment Data 
 
 Real estate financing interest income, interest expense, and gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Interest income 4,072 3,496 576 12,038 10,257 1,781 Interest expense 1,724 728 996 4,823 2,634 2,189 Segment gross profit 2,348 2,768 (420) 7,215 7,623 (408) Operating margin 57.7 79.2 (21.5) 59.9 74.3 (14.4) 
 
 Real estate financing gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 15.2 and 5.4 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the effect of increased funded balances and the increase to allocated interest costs in connection therewith, partially offset by an increase in recognized interest income. 
 
 35 

Table of Content 

 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 The following table summarizes the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited, in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues Rental revenues 68,598 62,913 5,685 193,744 179,082 14,662 General contracting and real estate services revenues 114,353 99,408 14,945 358,167 286,220 71,947 Interest income 4,701 3,690 1,011 13,959 10,823 3,136 Total revenues 187,652 166,011 21,641 565,870 476,125 89,745 Expenses Rental expenses 16,652 14,756 1,896 46,344 41,392 4,952 Real estate taxes 6,184 5,867 317 17,995 16,910 1,085 General contracting and real estate services expenses 110,987 96,095 14,892 346,385 276,336 70,049 Depreciation and amortization 23,289 22,462 827 64,513 60,808 3,705 Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases 395 425 (30) 1,184 1,049 135 General and administrative expenses 5,187 4,286 901 15,564 13,786 1,778 Acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs 2 2 5,530 18 5,512 Impairment charges 5 (5) 1,494 107 1,387 Total expenses 162,696 143,896 18,800 499,009 410,406 88,603 Gain on real estate dispositions, net 227 (227) 738 (738) Operating Income 24,956 22,342 2,614 66,861 66,457 404 Interest expense (21,387) (15,444) (5,943) (60,589) (41,375) (19,214) Loss on extinguishment of debt (113) (113) (113) (113) Change in fair value of derivatives and other (10,308) 2,466 (12,774) 6,978 5,024 1,954 Unrealized credit loss provision (198) (694) 496 (53) (871) 818 Other income (expense), net 96 63 33 254 324 (70) (Loss) income before taxes (6,954) 8,733 (15,687) 13,338 29,559 (16,221) Income tax (provision) benefit (592) (310) (282) 120 (834) 954 Net (loss) income (7,546) 8,423 (15,969) 13,458 28,725 (15,267) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests in investment entities 17 (193) 210 (34) (616) 582 Preferred stock dividends (2,887) (2,887) (8,661) (8,661) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders (10,416) 5,343 (15,759) 4,763 19,448 (14,685) 
 
 36 

Table of Content 

 Rental revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 9.0 and 8.2 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Retail 26,161 26,502 (341) 77,905 74,749 3,156 Office 27,784 22,052 5,732 72,532 62,338 10,194 Multifamily 14,653 14,359 294 43,307 41,995 1,312 68,598 62,913 5,685 193,744 179,082 14,662 
 
 Retail rental revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was materially consistent with the three months ended September 30, 2023. Retail rental revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.2 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of the acquisition of The Interlock Retail in May 2023. 
 
 Office rental revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 26.0 and 16.4 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the receipt of termination fees from one of our tenants at Wills Wharf and the addition of new tenants at Wills Wharf. 
 
 Multifamily rental revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 2.0 and 3.1 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of the commencement of operations at Chandler Residences in April 2024. 
 
 General contracting and real estate services revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 14.9 million and 71.9 million, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to the execution of our backlog and the recognition of savings from unused contingencies for certain contracts. 
 
 Interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 27.4 and 29.0 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher outstanding principal balances on our real estate financing investments, interest earned on unused commitments on real estate financing investments, and higher interest bearing cash deposits. 
 
 Rental expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 12.8 and 12.0 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Retail 5,104 4,227 877 14,099 11,944 2,155 Office 6,307 5,950 357 17,793 16,441 1,352 Multifamily 5,241 4,579 662 14,452 13,007 1,445 16,652 14,756 1,896 46,344 41,392 4,952 
 
 Retail rental expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 20.7 and 18.0 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to inflationary increases in reimbursable expenses, such as contracted property services, repairs and maintenance, and compensation.. 
 
 Office rental expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 6.0 and 8.2 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of the acquisition of The Interlock Office in May 2023, increased occupancy at Wills Wharf, and increased occupancy at Constellation Office. 
 
 Multifamily rental expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 14.5 and 11.1 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of the commencement of operations at Chandler Residences in April 2024 and increased utilities and repairs and maintenance. 
 
 37 

Table of Content 

 Real estate taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 5.4 and 6.4 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Retail 2,466 2,384 82 7,300 6,992 308 Office 2,360 2,252 108 6,710 6,494 216 Multifamily 1,358 1,231 127 3,985 3,424 561 6,184 5,867 317 17,995 16,910 1,085 
 
 Retail real estate taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 3.4 and 4.4 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased assessments with respect to our properties located in Virginia Beach. 
 
 Office real estate taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.8 and 3.3 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to tax credits received with respect to our properties located in Baltimore, Maryland. 
 
 Multifamily real estate taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 10.3 and 16.4 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the commencement of operations at Chandler Residences in April 2024. 
 
 General contracting and real estate services expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 14.9 million and 70.0 million, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in work performed in the execution of our backlog. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 3.7 and 6.1 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the acquisition of The Interlock in May 2023 and the placement of assets into service from development (Southern Post Retail, Southern Post Office, and Chandler Residences). 
 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was materially consistent with the three months ended September 30, 2023. Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 12.9 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the ground lease assumed in connection with the acquisition of The Interlock in May 2023. 
 
 General and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 21.0 and 12.9 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to severance costs. 
 
 Acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the write off of development costs related to an undeveloped land parcel in predevelopment located in Charlotte, North Carolina. Acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were immaterial. There were no acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to Note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
 
 There were no impairment charges for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Impairment charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relate to the impairment of an undeveloped land parcel in predevelopment located in Charlotte, North Carolina. Refer to Note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
 
 Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 38.5 and 46.4 , respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher levels of indebtedness in connection with the funding of development projects, real estate financing investments, and acquisitions, as well as the expiration of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 38 

Table of Content 

 The change in fair value of derivatives and other for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes an increase in interest receipts for non-designated derivatives due to an increase in the amount of non-designated derivatives, and a decrease in the fair value of our derivative instruments due to decreases in forward SOFR (the Secured Overnight Financing Rate). 
 
 Changes in unrealized credit loss provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily the result of the release of the provision related to the Solis City Park II real estate financing investment, which was partially offset by increases in note receivable balances for the real estate financing investments and the closing of the Solis North Creek real estate financing investment. 
 
 Changes in other income, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were immaterial. 
 
 Income tax (provision) benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to the impairment of real estate of 1.5 million and development costs of 5.5 million that were recognized during the period related to undeveloped land under predevelopment, which had an attributable income tax benefit of 1.6 million. The income tax provision that we recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, fully offset and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset the income tax benefit discussed above, were attributable to the taxable profits and losses of our development and construction businesses that we operate through our TRS. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 We believe our primary short-term liquidity requirements consist of general contractor expenses, operating expenses, and other expenditures associated with our properties, including tenant improvements, leasing commissions and leasing incentives, dividend payments to our stockholders required to maintain our REIT qualification, debt service, capital expenditures, new real estate development projects, mezzanine loan funding requirements, and strategic acquisitions. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations, reserves established from existing cash, borrowings under construction loans to fund new real estate development and construction, borrowings available under our credit facility (as defined below), and net proceeds from the opportunistic sale of common stock through our ATM Program, which is discussed below. 
 
 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary for the repayment of debt at or prior to maturity, general contracting expenses, property development and acquisitions, tenant improvements, and capital improvements. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements with net cash from operations, long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness, the issuance of equity and debt securities, and the opportunistic disposition of non-core properties. We also may fund property development and acquisitions and capital improvements using our credit facility pending long-term financing. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 43.9 million available for both current liquidity needs as well as development and redevelopment activities. We also had restricted cash in escrow of 1.9 million, some of which is available for capital expenditures and certain operating expenses at our operating properties. As of September 30, 2024, we had 102.6 million of available borrowings under our revolving credit facility to meet our short-term liquidity requirements and 18.0 million of available borrowings under our construction loans to fund development activities. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we decreased outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facility by 23.0 million. The funds used to pay down the debt were procured through our underwritten public offering of common stock described below. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we began to implement a strategic transformation of the composition of borrowings by refinancing secured property debt with unsecured property debt in order to increase the flexibility of our financing cash flows. We continue to implement this transformation in the current fiscal year. As of September 30, 2024, unsecured debt represented 55.9 of our total borrowings compared to 52.4 as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 We have no loans scheduled to mature during the remainder of 2024. 
 
 ATM Program 
 
 On March 10, 2020, we commenced an at-the-market continuous equity offering program (the "ATM Program") through which we may, from time to time, issue and sell shares of our common stock and shares of our 6.75 Series A 
 39 

Table of Content 

 Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the "Series A Preferred Stock") having an aggregate offering price of up to 300.0 million, to or through our sales agents and, with respect to shares of our common stock, may enter into separate forward sales agreements to or through the forward purchaser. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued and sold 2,288,541 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 11.58 per share under the ATM Program, receiving net proceeds, after offering costs and commissions, of 26.1 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not issue any shares of Series A Preferred Stock under the ATM Program. Shares having an aggregate offering price of 178.5 million remained unsold under the ATM Program as of November 4, 2024. 
 
 Recent Common Stock Offering 
 
 On September 27, 2024, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 9.00 million shares of common stock at a public offering price of 10.50 per share, which resulted in gross proceeds of 94.5 million. The Company granted the underwriters an option to purchase 1.35 million shares of common stock at a public offering price of 10.50 per share, which resulted in gross proceeds of 14.2 million. The Company had net proceeds, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses, of 103.5 million. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On June 15, 2023, we adopted a 50.0 million share repurchase program (the "Share Repurchase Program"). Under the Share Repurchase Program, we may repurchase shares of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock from time to time in the open market, in block purchases, through privately negotiated transactions, the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or other means permitted. The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares or acquire shares over any specific period of time. The Share Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time by us and does not have an expiration date. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not repurchase any shares of common stock or Series A Preferred Stock. As of September 30, 2024, 37.4 million remained available for repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 On August 23, 2022, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), which provides for a 550.0 million credit facility comprised of a 250.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") and a 300.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "term loan facility" and, together with the revolving credit facility, the "credit facility"), with a syndicate of banks. Subject to available borrowing capacity, we intend to use future borrowings under the credit facility for general corporate purposes, including funding acquisitions, mezzanine lending, and development and redevelopment of properties in our portfolio, and for working capital. 
 
 The credit facility includes an accordion feature that allows the total commitments to be increased to 1.0 billion, subject to certain conditions, including obtaining commitments from any one or more lenders. The revolving credit facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 22, 2027, with two six-month extension options, subject to certain conditions, including payment of a 0.075 extension fee at each extension. The term loan facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 21, 2028. 
 
 On August 29, 2023, we increased the capacity of the revolving credit facility by 105.0 million by exercising the accordion feature in part, bringing the revolving credit facility capacity to 355.0 million and the total credit facility capacity to 655.0 million. 
 
 On June 14, 2024, the term loan facility commitment increased to 350.0 million as a result of an existing lender increasing its outstanding commitment. 
 
 The revolving credit facility bears interest at SOFR plus a margin ranging from 1.30 to 1.85 and a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 , and the term loan facility bears interest at SOFR plus a margin ranging from 1.25 to 1.80 and a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 , in each case depending on our total leverage. We also are obligated to pay an unused commitment fee of 15 or 25 basis points on the unused portions of the commitments under the revolving credit facility, depending on the amount of borrowings under the revolving credit facility. If the Company or the Operating Partnership attains investment grade credit ratings from both S P Global Ratings and Moody s Investors Service, Inc., we may elect to have borrowings become subject to interest rates based on such credit ratings. Our unencumbered borrowing pool will support revolving borrowings of up to 266.6 million, as of September 30, 2024. 
 40 

Table of Content 

The Operating Partnership is the borrower under the credit facility, and its obligations under the credit facility are guaranteed by us and certain of our subsidiaries that are not otherwise prohibited from providing such guaranty. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and financial and other affirmative and negative covenants. Our ability to borrow under the credit facility is subject to our ongoing compliance with a number of financial covenants, affirmative covenants and other restrictions, including the following: 
 
 Total leverage ratio of not more than 60 (or 65 for the two consecutive quarters following any acquisition with a purchase price of at least 100.0 million, but only up to two times during the term of the credit facility); 
 Ratio of adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to fixed charges of not less than 1.50 to 1.0; 
 Tangible net worth of not less than the sum of (i) 825.2 million and (ii) an amount equal to 75 of the net equity proceeds received by us after June 30, 2022; 
 Ratio of secured indebtedness (excluding the credit facility if it becomes secured indebtedness) to total asset value of not more than 40 ; 
 Ratio of secured recourse debt (excluding the credit facility if it becomes secured indebtedness) to total asset value of not more than 20 ; 
 Total unsecured leverage ratio of not more than 60 (or 65 for the two consecutive quarters following any acquisition with a purchase price of at least 100.0 million, but only up to two times during the term of the credit facility); 
 Unencumbered interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of not less than 1.75 to 1.0; 
 Maintenance of a minimum of at least 15 unencumbered properties (as defined in the Credit Agreement) with an unencumbered asset value (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of not less than 500.0 million at any time; and 
 Minimum occupancy rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) for all unencumbered properties of not less than 80 at any time. 
 
 The Credit Agreement limits our ability to pay cash dividends if a default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. However, if certain defaults or events of default exist, we may pay cash dividends to the extent necessary to (i) maintain our status as a REIT and (ii) avoid federal or state income excise taxes. The Credit Agreement also restricts the amount of capital that we can invest in specific categories of assets, such as unimproved land holdings, development properties, notes receivable, mortgages, mezzanine loans, and unconsolidated affiliates, and restricts our ability to repurchase stock and OP Units during the term of the credit facility. 
 
 We may, at any time, voluntarily prepay any loan under the credit facility in whole or in part without significant premium or penalty, except for those portions subject to an interest rate swap agreement. 
 
 The Credit Agreement includes customary events of default, in certain cases subject to customary periods to cure. The occurrence of an event of default, following the applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the unpaid principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and all other amounts payable under the credit facility to be immediately due and payable. 
 
 M T Term Loan Facility 
 
 On December 6, 2022, we entered into a term loan agreement (the "M T term loan agreement") with Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, which provides a 100.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "M T term loan facility"), with the option to increase the total capacity to 200.0 million, subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions. The M T term loan facility has a scheduled maturity date of March 8, 2027, with a one-year extension option, subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions, including payment of a 0.075 extension fee. 
 
 On June 21, 2024, the M T term loan facility commitment increased to 135.0 million as a result of adding a new lender to the facility. 
 
 The M T term loan facility bears interest at a rate elected by us based on term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, or the Base Rate (as defined below), and in each case plus a margin. A term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR loan is also subject to a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 . The margin under each interest rate election depends on our total leverage. The "Base Rate" is equal to the highest of: (a) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by M T Bank as its prime rate for such day, (b) the Federal Funds Rate for such day, plus 0.50 , (c) one month term SOFR for such day plus 100 basis points and (d) 1.00 . We have elected for the loan to bear interest at term SOFR plus margin. If we attain investment grade credit ratings from both S P Global Ratings and Moody's Investor Service, Inc., we may elect to have 
 41 

Table of Content 

 borrowings become subject to interest rates based on such credit ratings. 
 
 The Operating Partnership is the borrower under the M T term loan facility, and its obligations under the M T term loan facility are guaranteed by us and certain of its subsidiaries that are not otherwise prohibited from providing such guaranty. 
 
 The M T term loan agreement contains customary representations and warranties and financial and other affirmative and negative covenants. Our ability to borrow under the M T term loan facility is subject to ongoing compliance with a number of financial covenants, affirmative covenants, and other restrictions, including the following: 
 
 Total leverage ratio of not more than 60 (or 65 for the two consecutive quarters following any acquisition with a purchase price of at least 100.0 million, but only up to two times during the term of the M T term loan facility); 
 Ratio of adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the M T term loan agreement) to fixed charges of not less than 1.50 to 1.0; 
 Tangible net worth of not less than the sum of (i) 825.2 million and (ii) an amount equal to 75 of the net equity proceeds received by us after June 30, 2022; 
 Ratio of secured indebtedness (excluding the M T term loan facility if it becomes secured indebtedness) to total asset value of not more than 40 ; 
 Ratio of secured recourse debt (excluding the M T term loan facility if it becomes secured indebtedness) to total asset value of not more than 20 ; 
 Total unsecured leverage ratio of not more than 60 (or 65 for the two consecutive quarters following any acquisition with a purchase price of at least 100.0 million, but only up to two times during the term of the M T term loan facility); 
 Unencumbered interest coverage ratio (as defined in the M T term loan agreement) of not less than 1.75 to 1.0; 
 Maintenance of a minimum of at least 15 unencumbered properties (as defined in the M T term loan agreement) with an unencumbered asset value (as defined in the M T term loan agreement) of not less than 500.0 million at any time; and 
 Minimum occupancy rate (as defined in the M T term loan agreement) for all unencumbered properties of not less than 80 at any time. 
 
 The M T term loan agreement limits our ability to pay cash dividends if a default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. However, if certain defaults or events of default exist, we may pay cash dividends to the extent necessary to (i) maintain our status as a REIT and (ii) avoid federal or state income excise taxes. The M T term loan agreement also restricts the amount of capital that we can invest in specific categories of assets, such as unimproved land holdings, development properties, notes receivable, mortgages, mezzanine loans and unconsolidated affiliates, and restricts our ability to repurchase stock and OP Units during the term of the M T term loan facility. 
 
 We may, at any time, voluntarily prepay the M T term loan facility in whole or in part without premium or penalty, provided certain conditions are met. 
 
 The M T term loan agreement includes customary events of default, in certain cases subject to customary cure periods. The occurrence of an event of default, if not cured within the applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the unpaid principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and all other amounts payable under the M T term loan facility to be immediately due and payable. A default under the Credit Agreement would also constitute a default under the M T term loan agreement. 
 
 TD Term Loan Facility 
 
 On May 19, 2023, we entered into a term loan agreement (the "TD term loan agreement") with Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as administrative agent, and TD Bank, N.A. as lender, which provides a 75.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the "TD term loan facility"), with the option to increase the total capacity to 150.0 million, subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions. The TD term loan facility has a scheduled maturity date of May 19, 2025, with a one-year extension option, subject to our satisfaction of certain conditions, including an extension fee payment of 0.15 of the outstanding amount of the loan as of such date. 
 
 The TD term loan facility bears interest at a rate elected by us based on term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, or the Base Rate (as defined below), and in each case plus a margin. A term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR loan is also subject to a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 . The margin under each interest rate election depends on our total leverage. The "Base Rate" is 
 42 

Table of Content 

 equal to the highest of: (a) the Federal Funds Rate for such day, plus 0.50 (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the administrative agent as its prime rate for such day, (c) one month term SOFR for such day plus 100 basis points and (d) 1.00 . We have elected for the loan to bear interest at term SOFR plus margin. If we attain investment grade credit ratings from both S P Global Ratings and Moody's Investor Service, Inc., we may elect to have borrowings become subject to interest rates based on such credit ratings. 
 
 On June 29, 2023, the TD term loan facility commitment increased to 95.0 million as a result of the addition of a second lender to the facility. 
 
 The Operating Partnership is the borrower under the TD term loan facility, and its obligations under the TD term loan facility are guaranteed by us and certain of its subsidiaries that are not otherwise prohibited from providing such guaranty. 
 
 The TD term loan agreement contains customary representations and warranties and financial and other affirmative and negative covenants. Our ability to borrow under the TD term loan facility is subject to ongoing compliance with a number of financial covenants, affirmative covenants, and other restrictions, including the following: 
 
 Total leverage ratio of not more than 60 (or 65 for the two consecutive quarters following any acquisition with a purchase price of at least 100.0 million, but only up to two times during the term of the TD term loan facility); 
 Ratio of adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the TD term loan agreement) to fixed charges of not less than 1.50 to 1.0; 
 Tangible net worth of not less than the sum of (i) 825.2 million and (ii) an amount equal to 75 of the net equity proceeds received by us after June 30, 2022; 
 Ratio of secured indebtedness (excluding the TD term loan facility if it becomes secured indebtedness) to total asset value of not more than 40 ; 
 Ratio of secured recourse debt (excluding the TD term loan facility if it becomes secured indebtedness) to total asset value of not more than 20 ; 
 Total unsecured leverage ratio of not more than 60 (or 65 for the two consecutive quarters following any acquisition with a purchase price of at least 100.0 million, but only up to two times during the term of the TD term loan facility); 
 Unencumbered interest coverage ratio (as defined in the TD term loan agreement) of not less than 1.75 to 1.0; 
 Maintenance of a minimum of at least 15 unencumbered properties (as defined in the TD term loan agreement) with an unencumbered asset value (as defined in the TD term loan agreement) of not less than 500.0 million at any time; and 
 Minimum occupancy rate (as defined in the TD term loan agreement) for all unencumbered properties of not less than 80 at any time. 
 
 The TD term loan agreement limits our ability to pay cash dividends if a default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. However, if certain defaults or events of default exist, we may pay cash dividends to the extent necessary to (i) maintain our status as a REIT and (ii) avoid federal or state income excise taxes. The TD term loan agreement also restricts the amount of capital that we can invest in specific categories of assets, such as unimproved land holdings, development properties, notes receivable, mortgages, mezzanine loans and unconsolidated affiliates, and restricts our ability to repurchase stock and OP Units during the term of the TD term loan facility. 
 
 We may, at any time, voluntarily prepay the TD term loan facility in whole or in part without premium or penalty, provided certain conditions are met. 
 
 The TD term loan agreement includes customary events of default, in certain cases subject to customary cure periods. The occurrence of an event of default, if not cured within the applicable cure period, would permit the lenders to, among other things, declare the unpaid principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and all other amounts payable under the TD term loan facility to be immediately due and payable. A default under the Credit Agreement would also constitute a default under the TD term loan agreement. 
 
 We are currently in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement, the M T term loan agreement, and the TD term loan agreement. 
 
 43 

Table of Content 

 Consolidated Indebtedness 
 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated indebtedness as of September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 
 Amount Outstanding Interest Rate (a) 
 Effective Rate for Variable-Rate Debt Maturity Date (b) 
 Balance at Maturity Secured Debt Red Mill South 4,591 3.57 3.57 May 1, 2025 4,383 The Everly 30,000 SOFR+ 1.50 6.32 December 20, 2025 30,000 Encore Apartments 4525 Main Street 
 52,518 2.93 2.93 February 10, 2026 50,726 Southern Post 55,611 SOFR+ 2.25 7.07 August 25, 2026 55,611 Thames Street Wharf 66,819 SOFR+ 1.30 2.33 (c) 
 September 30, 2026 60,973 Constellation Energy Building 175,000 SOFR+ 1.50 6.43 (c) 
 November 1, 2026 175,000 Southgate Square 24,682 SOFR+ 1.90 6.82 December 21, 2026 22,811 Nexton Square 21,121 SOFR+ 1.95 6.77 June 30, 2027 19,487 Liberty 20,331 SOFR+ 1.50 4.93 September 27, 2027 19,230 Greenbrier Square 19,282 3.74 3.74 October 10, 2027 18,049 Lexington Square 13,371 4.50 4.50 September 1, 2028 12,044 Red Mill North 3,872 4.73 4.73 December 31, 2028 3,295 Greenside Apartments 30,521 3.17 3.17 December 15, 2029 26,095 Smith's Landing 13,837 4.05 4.05 June 1, 2035 384 The Edison 14,877 5.30 5.30 December 1, 2044 100 The Cosmopolitan 39,691 3.35 3.35 July 1, 2051 187 Total Secured Debt 586,124 498,375 Unsecured Debt TD Unsecured Term Loan 95,000 SOFR+ 1.35 -1.90 4.85 (c) 
 May 19, 2025 95,000 Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 159,000 SOFR+ 1.30 -1.85 6.42 January 22, 2027 159,000 Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility (Fixed) 5,000 SOFR+ 1.30 -1.85 4.80 (c) 
 January 22, 2027 5,000 M T Unsecured Term Loan 35,000 SOFR+ 1.25 -1.80 6.37 March 8, 2027 35,000 M T Unsecured Term Loan (Fixed) 
 100,000 SOFR+ 
 1.25 -1.80 5.05 (c) 
 March 8, 2027 100,000 Senior Unsecured Term Loan 271,000 SOFR+ 1.25 -1.80 6.37 January 21, 2028 271,000 Senior Unsecured Term Loan (Fixed) 79,000 SOFR+ 1.25 -1.80 4.98 (c) 
 January 21, 2028 79,000 Total Unsecured Debt 744,000 744,000 Total Principal Balances 
 1,330,124 1,242,375 Other notes payable (d) 
 6,122 Unamortized GAAP Adjustments (8,275) Indebtedness, Net 1,327,971 
 _______________________________________ 
 (a) SOFR is determined by individual lenders. 
 (b) Does not reflect the effect of any maturity extension options. 
 (c) Includes debt subject to interest rate swap locks. 
 (d) Represents the fair value of additional ground lease payments at 1405 Point over the approximately 39-year remaining lease term. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all loan covenants on our outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our scheduled principal payments and maturities during each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows in thousands): 
 Year (1)(2)(3) 
 Amount Due Percentage of Total 2024 (excluding the nine months ended September 30, 2024) 
 2,631 2025 139,795 11 2026 373,271 28 2027 360,561 27 2028 369,321 28 Thereafter 84,545 6 Total 1,330,124 100 
 ________________________________________ 
 44 

Table of Content 

 (1) Does not reflect the effect of any maturity extension options. 
 (2) Includes debt incurred in connection with the development of properties. 
 (3) Debt principal payments and maturities exclude increased ground lease payments at 1405 Point which are classified as a note payable in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Less than one percent 
 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held the following interest rate swap agreements in thousands): 
 Related Debt Notional Amount Index Swap Fixed Rate Debt Effective Rate 
 Effective Date Expiration Date Harbor Point Parcel 3 senior construction loan 90,000 1-month SOFR (a) 
 2.75 4.82 10/2/2023 10/1/2025 Floating rate pool of loans 330,000 1-month SOFR (b) 
 2.75 4.33 10/1/2023 10/1/2025 Harbor Point Parcel 4 senior construction loan 100,000 1-month SOFR (c) 
 2.75 5.12 11/01/2023 11/01/2025 Floating rate pool of loans 300,000 1-month SOFR (d) 
 2.75 4.33 12/01/2023 12/01/2025 Revolving credit facility and TD unsecured term loan 
 100,000 Daily SOFR (e) 
 3.20 4.84 05/19/2023 5/19/2026 Thames Street Wharf loan 
 66,819 Daily SOFR (f) 
 0.93 2.33 09/30/2021 9/30/2026 M T unsecured term loan 100,000 1-month SOFR (f) 
 3.50 5.05 12/06/2022 12/06/2027 Liberty Retail Apartments loan 
 21,000 1-month SOFR 
 (g) 
 3.43 4.93 12/13/2022 1/21/2028 Senior unsecured term loan 79,000 1-month SOFR (g) 
 3.43 4.98 12/13/2022 1/21/2028 Total 1,186,819 
 ________________________________________ 
 (a) This interest rate swap agreement reduces our interest rate exposure on the 180.4 million senior construction loan secured by our Harbor Point Parcel 3 equity method investment . As such, the loan is not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. We also paid 3.6 million to reduce the swap fixed rate. 
 (b) We paid 13.3 million to reduce the swap fixed rate. 
 (c) This interest rate swap agreement reduces our interest rate exposure on the 109.7 million senior construction loan secured by our Harbor Point Parcel 4 equity method investment. As such, the loan is not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. We also paid 3.9 million to reduce the swap fixed rate. 
 (d) We paid 10.5 million to reduce the swap fixed rate. 
 (e) Subject to cancellation by the counterparty beginning on May 1, 2025 and the first day of each month thereafter. 
 (f) Designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 (g) We novated an existing 3.43 fixed rate swap with a 100.0 million notional and assigned (A) 11.1 million notional to the loan secured by Market at Mill Creek, effective April 17, 2024, and (B) 21.0 million to the loan secured by Liberty Retail Apartments, effective February 1, 2024. Once the Market at Mill Creek loan was repaid, the 67.9 million swap on the senior unsecured loan increased to 79.0 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 In connection with certain of our real estate financing activities and equity method investments, we have made guarantees to pay portions of certain senior loans of third parties associated with the development projects. As of September 30, 2024, we had an outstanding guarantee liability of 0.1 million related to the 32.9 million guarantee of the senior loan secured by Harbor Point Parcel 4. 
 
 In connection with our Harbor Point Parcel 3 unconsolidated joint venture, we are responsible for providing a completion guarantee to the lender for this project. 
 
 Unfunded Loan Commitments 
 
 We may be a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our borrowers. These commitments are not reflected on the consolidated balance sheet. As of September 30, 2024, our off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 43.3 million of unfunded commitments of our notes receivable. These unfunded commitments consist of 34.8 million of unfunded principal and 8.5 million of unfunded contingency. We consider the probability of contingency funding to be remote. We have recorded a 0.6 million credit loss reserve in conjunction with the total unfunded commitments. Such commitments are subject to our borrowers satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated 
 45 

Table of Content 

 balance sheets. The commitments may or may not be funded depending on a variety of circumstances including timing, credit metric hurdles, and other nonfinancial events occurring. 

Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 (in thousands) Operating activities 
 91,217 78,290 12,927 Investing activities 
 (67,584) (177,327) 109,743 Financing activities 
 (8,073) 82,177 (90,250) Net increase (decrease) 
 15,560 (16,860) 32,420 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 30,166 51,865 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 45,726 35,005 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities increased 12.9 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in portfolio NOI and construction gross profit, as well as the timing of payments for construction and rental payables, partially offset by an increase in interest expense. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities decreased 109.7 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower capital expenditures on development properties, lower contributions to equity method investments, and proceeds from the repayment of our Solis City Park II real estate financing investment. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities decreased 90.3 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased borrowings on the revolving credit facility as well as the payoff of secured debt in 2024, partially offset by higher net proceeds from sale of common stock. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We calculate FFO in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("Nareit"). Nareit defines FFO as net income (loss) (calculated in accordance with GAAP), excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate, gains or losses from the sales of certain real estate assets, gains or losses from change in control, and impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity. 
 
 FFO is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure. Management uses FFO as a supplemental performance measure because we believe that FFO is beneficial to investors as a starting point in measuring our operational performance. Specifically, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains and losses from property dispositions, which do not relate to or are not indicative of operating performance, FFO provides a performance measure that, when compared period-over-period, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, and operating costs. 
 
 However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effects and could materially impact our results from operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. In addition, other equity REITs may not calculate FFO in accordance with the Nareit definition as we do, and, accordingly, our calculation of FFO may not be comparable to such other REITs calculations of FFO. Accordingly, FFO should be considered only as a supplement to net income as a measure of our performance. FFO should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends or service indebtedness. Also, FFO should not be used as a supplement to or substitute for cash flow from operating activities computed in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 We also believe that the computation of FFO in accordance with Nareit s definition includes certain items that are not indicative of the results provided by our operating property portfolio and affect the comparability of our period-over-period performance. Accordingly, management believes that Normalized FFO is a more useful performance measure that excludes certain items, including but not limited to, debt extinguishment losses and prepayment penalties, impairment and accelerated 
 46 

Table of Content 

 amortization of intangible assets and liabilities, property acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs, mark-to-market adjustments for interest rate derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges, amortization of payments made to purchase interest rate caps and swaps designated as cash flow hedges, provision for unrealized non-cash credit losses, amortization of right-of-use assets attributable to finance leases, severance related costs, and other non-comparable items. Other equity REITs may not calculate Normalized FFO in the same manner as we do, and, accordingly, our Normalized FFO may not be comparable to such other REITs' Normalized FFO. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of FFO and Normalized FFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except per share 
 and unit amounts) 
 Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders (10,416) 5,343 4,763 19,448 Depreciation and amortization, net (1) 
 23,070 22,239 63,855 60,139 Gain on operating real estate dispositions, net (2) 
 Impairment of real estate assets 1,494 FFO attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders 12,654 27,582 70,112 79,587 Acquisition, development, and other pursuit costs 2 5,530 18 Accelerated amortization of intangible assets and liabilities (5) 5 (5) (615) Loss on extinguishment of debt 113 113 Unrealized credit loss provision 198 694 53 871 Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases 395 425 1,184 1,049 Decrease (increase) in fair value of derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges 16,669 (1,484) 12,109 (1,974) Amortization of interest rate derivatives on designated cash flow hedges 73 513 454 3,598 Severance related costs 1,339 1,506 Normalized FFO available to common stockholders and OP Unitholders 31,438 27,735 91,056 82,534 Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders per diluted share and unit (0.11) 0.06 0.05 0.22 FFO attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders per diluted share and unit 0.14 0.31 0.79 0.90 Normalized FFO attributable to common stockholders and OP Unitholders per diluted share and unit 0.35 0.31 1.02 0.93 Weighted average common shares and units - diluted 90,598 89,589 89,293 88,908 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) The adjustment for depreciation and amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 excludes 0.2 million and 0.7 million, respectively, of depreciation attributable to our partners. The adjustment for depreciation and amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 excludes 0.2 million and 0.7 million, respectively, of depreciation attributable to our partners. 
 (2) The adjustment for gain on operating real estate dispositions for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 excludes 0.2 million for the gain on the disposition of a non-operating parcel adjacent to Brooks Crossing Retail. The adjustment for gain on operating real estate dispositions for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 also excludes 0.5 million for the gain on the disposition of a non-operating parcel at Market at Mill Creek. 

47 

Table of Content 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to exercise our best judgment in making estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, based upon then-currently available information. Actual results could differ from these estimates. We discuss the accounting policies and estimates that are most critical to understanding our reported financial results in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes to the Company's market risk since December 31, 2023. For a discussion of the Company's exposure to market risk, refer to the Company's market risk disclosure set forth in Part II, Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and regulations of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 We have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded, as of September 30, 2024, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act: (i) is processed, recorded, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 48 

Table of Content 

 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are not currently a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to any legal proceedings that we believe to be material or which, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations if determined adversely to us. We may be subject to ongoing litigation relating to our portfolio and the properties comprising our portfolio, and we expect to otherwise be party from time to time to various lawsuits, claims, and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, holders of OP Units in the Operating Partnership may tender their OP Units for redemption by the Operating Partnership in exchange for cash equal to the market price of shares of our common stock at the time of redemption or, at our option and sole discretion, for shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we elected to satisfy certain redemption requests by issuing a total of 79,650 shares of common stock in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On June 15, 2023, we adopted the 50.0 million Share Repurchase Program. Under the Share Repurchase Program, we may repurchase shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock from time to time in the open market, in block purchases, through privately negotiated transactions, the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, or other means permitted. The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares or acquire shares over any specific period of time. The Share Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have an expiration date. 
 
 We did not repurchase any common stock or Series A Preferred Stock under the Share Repurchase Program for the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, 37.4 million remained available for repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 

Item 3. Defaults on Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 49 

Table of Content 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference (as applicable) as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on June 2, 2014) . 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on February 24, 2022) . 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary Designating the Rights and Preferences of the 6.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 17, 2019). 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary relating to Section 3-802(c) of the Maryland General Corporation Law (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 24, 2020). 
 3.5 Articles Supplementary Designating Additional 6.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, dated March 6, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Form S-3, filed on March 9, 2020). 
 3.6 Articles Supplementary Designating Additional 6.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, dated July 2, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 6, 2020). 
 3.7 Articles Supplementary Designating Additional 6.75 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, dated August 17, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 20, 2020). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 101 The following materials from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, were formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 104 Cover page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL. Filed herewith Furnished herewith 
 
 50 

Table of Content 

 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ARMADA HOFFLER PROPERTIES, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Louis S. Haddad Louis S. Haddad Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Matthew T. Barnes-Smith Matthew T. Barnes-Smith Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 
 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024q3ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Louis S. Haddad, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Louis S. Haddad Louis S. Haddad Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024q3ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew T. Barnes-Smith, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 s Matthew T. Barnes-Smith Matthew T. Barnes-Smith Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2024q3ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 
 The undersigned, Louis S. Haddad, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. the Quarterly Report for the period ended September 30, 2024 of the Company (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Louis S. Haddad Louis S. Haddad Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2024q3ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 
 
 The undersigned, Matthew T. Barnes-Smith, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. the Quarterly Report for the period ended September 30, 2024 of the Company (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s Matthew T. Barnes-Smith Matthew T. Barnes-Smith Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ahh-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ahh-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ahh-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ahh-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ahh-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

