<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1087294_0001628280-24-046730.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4486765</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>85796</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>916277</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1352743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1097523</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>963637</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046730.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108170456
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046730
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CUMBERLAND PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001087294
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33637
		FILM NUMBER:		241441662

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2525 WEST END AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 950
		CITY:			NASHVILLE,
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		615-255-0068

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2525 WEST END AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 950
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046730.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 cpix-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cpix-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of " large accelerated filer, " " accelerated filer, " " smaller reporting company " and " emerging growth company " in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock as of November 4, 2024. 

CUMBERLAND PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 INDEX PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 4 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 34 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 34 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 34 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 35 
 SIGNATURES 
 36 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 CUMBERLAND PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Non-current inventories Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Operating lease current liabilities Current portion of revolving line of credit Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Revolving line of credit - long term Operating lease non-current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Equity: Shareholders equity: Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

CUMBERLAND PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of products sold Selling and marketing Research and development General and administrative Amortization Total costs and expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Interest income Other income Other income - settlement Other income - insurance proceeds Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss (income) at subsidiary attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders - basic ) ) ) - diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic - diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 2 

CUMBERLAND PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Share-based compensation Decrease in non-cash contingent consideration ) ) Decrease (Increase) of life insurance policies over premiums paid ) Noncash interest expense Loss on disposal of assets Life insurance proceeds ) ) Net changes in assets and liabilities affecting operating activities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories Other current assets and other assets Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property and equipment ) ) Life insurance policy proceeds received Additions to intangible assets ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings on line of credit Payments on line of credit ) ) Cash settlement of contingent consideration ) ) Payments made in connection with repurchase of common shares ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

CUMBERLAND PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common stock Accumulated deficit Noncontrolling interests Total equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 

Common stock Accumulated deficit Noncontrolling interests Total equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

CUMBERLAND PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (1) 
 5 

Accounting Policies 
 operating segment which is specialty pharmaceutical products. Management has chosen to organize the Company based on the type of products sold. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is evaluated by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in making decisions regarding resource allocation and assessing performance. The Company, which uses consolidated financial information in determining how to allocate resources and assess performance, has concluded that our specialty pharmaceutical products compete in similar economic markets and similar circumstances. Substantially all of the Company s assets are located in the United States and total revenues are primarily attributable to U.S. customers. 
 
 6 

7 

(2)) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Dilutive effect of other securities Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Numerator: Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Dilutive effect of other securities Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, restricted stock awards and options to purchase and shares of common stock, respectively, were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would be antidilutive. 

8 

(3) 
 Sancuso Vibativ Caldolor Acetadote Omeclamox-Pak ) ) Vaprisol ) ) RediTrex ) ) Other revenue Total net revenues 
 There was Omeclamox-Pak net revenue for the third quarter of 2024 due to our lack of commercial inventory of this product. The packager for our Omeclamox-Pak product encountered financial difficulties due to the impact of COVID-19. As we have not been able to identify an alternative site to package the product, we discontinued the sales of Omeclamox-Pak and expensed the remaining brand intangible assets in late 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amounts noted resulted from normal distribution adjustments. 
 With regard to Vaprisol, we are in the process of transitioning to a new manufacturing partner, who was issued a U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") Form 483 in the second quarter of 2022. Once these FDA Form 483 related issues are satisfactorily resolved, we will then resubmit our application for their facility to the FDA for approval. Meanwhile, we have been working with them to support a special, interim supply of compounded product for critically ill patients, which they introduced to the market in late 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amounts reflected our share of sales of the compounded product and normal sales deduction adjustments. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, net revenue was impacted by normal accrual adjustments. 
 Effective June 30, 2023, the Company returned all rights of RediTrex back to Nordic and will receive a long-term royalty on any sales of the product in the future. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the revenue amounts represented normal distribution and accrual adjustments. 
 
 9 

million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Other revenues also include lease income generated by CET s Life Sciences Center which is a research facility that provides scientists with access to flexible lab space and other resources to develop biomedical products. This lease income, as noted in Footnote 5 - Leases, was approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million both for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 As part of a CET development agreement, million was included in CET's other revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which represents development funding associated with a new product. 

10 

(4) 
 million. At December 31, 2023, there were cumulative obsolescence and discontinuance losses necessary. 
 The Company purchases the active pharmaceutical ingredient ("API") for Kristalose and maintains the inventory of that raw material. API for the Company's Vaprisol and Vibativ brands were included in the assets associated with the acquisition of those brands and are also included in the raw materials inventory. As part of the Vibativ acquisition, the Company acquired API and work in process inventories of million that were all initially classified as non-current inventories at the date of acquisition. 
 As these APIs are consumed in the manufacture of our products, the value of the API involved is transferred from raw materials to finished goods. 
 Consigned inventory represents Authorized Generic inventory stored with our partner until shipment to their customers. 
 Consigned inventory Finished goods Total inventories less non-current inventories ) ) Total inventories classified as current 
 Kristalose Raw Materials Vaprisol Raw Materials Sancuso Raw Materials Caldolor Raw Materials Acetadote Raw Materials Ifetroban Raw Materials Vibativ Finished Goods Sancuso Finished Goods Caldolor Finished Goods Acetadote Finished Goods Omeclamox Total inventories classified as non-current 

11 

(5) 
 rentable square feet of space (the "Leased Premise") at the Broadwest office campus located in Nashville, Tennessee with 1600 West End Avenue Partners, LLC (the "Landlord"). The Leased Premise serves as the Company's corporate headquarters. The initial term of the Lease is one hundred fifty-seven ) months, with consecutive options to renew for a period of years each, with the commencement date of October 25, 2022. This lease currently expires in November 2035. 
 The Company is responsible for paying rent to the Landlord under the lease beginning three months after the commencement date. The Company pays a base rent of per square foot of rentable space with a gradual rental rate increase of for each year thereafter of the prior year's base rental. In addition to the monthly base rent, the Company is responsible for its percentage share of the operating expenses of the building. The lease also provided for a tenant improvement allowance which was used to build out the space. 
 On October 24, 2022, CET provided the notice of exercise to extend the lease with The Gateway to Nashville, LLC (the "Gateway Lease") for . The lease is for approximately square feet of wet laboratory and office space in Nashville, Tennessee where CET operates the CET Life Sciences Center. The wet laboratory and office space is leased through April 2028. The Company also subleases a portion of the space under this lease. 
 Also included within the right-of-use assets are start up expenditures related to a new supply agreement with Nephron Pharmaceuticals Corporation ("Nephron") for our Vaprisol product. These expenditures are classified as an embedded lease resulting in a right-of-use asset to be amortized over the life of the Nephron contract. As of September 30, 2024, the right-of-use asset was million. 
 Operating lease liabilities were recorded as the present value of remaining lease payments not yet paid for the lease term discounted using the incremental borrowing rate associated with each lease. Operating lease right-of-use assets represent operating lease liabilities adjusted for lease incentives and initial direct costs. As the Company s leases do not contain implicit borrowing rates, the incremental borrowing rates were calculated based on information available at the commencement date of each lease. Incremental borrowing rates reflect the Company s estimated interest rates for collateralized borrowings over similar lease terms. 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term for the Broadwest Lease and Gateway Lease is years and years at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The weighted-average incremental borrowing rate used to discount the present value of the remaining lease payments for both leases is and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 12 

Lease Liabilities September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Operating lease current liabilities Operating lease non-current liabilities Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, cumulative future minimum sublease income under non-cancelable operating subleases totals approximately million which includes the 90-day notice required for lease termination. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 Rent expense is recognized over the expected term of the lease, including renewal option periods, if applicable, on a straight-line basis as a component of general and administrative expense. 
 Sublease income 

13 

(6) 
 million repurchase program to replace the prior authorizations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and shares of common stock, respectively, for approximately million during each period. At September 30, 2024, there remains approximately million available under the current repurchase program for common share repurchases. 
 Share purchases and sales 
 In the Company's March 2024 trading window, several members of Cumberland's Board of Directors entered into agreements for trading plans to purchase shares of the Company's stock pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. These purchases are designed to increase ownership in the Company by the members of the Board. The plans became effective on June 13, 2024, and as of September 30, 2024, a total of shares have been purchased through these trading plans. 
 Share Sales 
 In November 2017, Cumberland filed a Shelf Registration on Form S-3 with the SEC associated with the sale of up to million in corporate securities. The Shelf Registration was declared effective in January 2018. It also included an At the Market ("ATM") feature that allowed the Company to sell common shares at market prices, along with an agreement with B. Riley FBR Inc. to support such a placement of shares. The Company filed an updated Form S-3 with the SEC in December 2023, which was declared effective December 26, 2023. On March 20, 2024, the Company filed a related prospectus supplement in connection with the sale and issuance of shares having an aggregate gross sales price of up to million. The Company intends to continue an ATM feature through H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, that would allow the Company to issue shares of its common stock. The Company did not issue any shares under an ATM during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Restricted Share Grants and Incentive Stock Options 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares and shares of restricted stock, respectively, to employees, advisors and directors. Restricted stock issued to employees and advisors generally cliff-vests on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant and for directors on the anniversary of the date of grant. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company also issued and incentive stock options, respectively, to employees that cliff-vest on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant, and are largely set to expire in 2034 and 2033, respectively. 
 Stock compensation expense is presented as a component of general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as it relates to these restricted share grants and options. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a credit of million to stock compensation expense related to the forfeiture of unvested restricted stock awards and incentive stock options. 
 Debt Agreement 
 On September 5, 2023, the Company entered into a new Revolving Credit Loan Agreement (the "Loan Agreement") with Pinnacle Bank. This facility provides for an aggregate principal funding amount of up to million. The initial revolving line of credit is up to million, with the ability for Cumberland to increase the amount to million, under certain conditions. It has a term expiring on October 1, 2026. The interest rate is based on Benchmark (Term SOFR) plus a spread of . Cumberland is subject to one financial covenant, the maintenance of a Funded Debt Ratio, determined on a quarterly basis. Borrowings under the line of credit are collateralized by substantially all of our assets. 
 On May 6, 2024, the Company entered into a First Amendment to the Loan Agreement which provides an alternative to the financial covenant by delivering to the lender a borrowing base certificate and complying with certain borrowing base requirements which set forth a maximum revolver amount equal to the lessor of (a) up to million or (b) the sum of the Company's cash balances and eligible accounts receivable. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in borrowings outstanding under its revolving credit facility. The applicable interest rate under the Loan Agreement was at September 30, 2024. 
 
 14 

million equity contribution and an initial investment from Cumberland in the form of a million convertible note, which was funded during the first quarter of 2021. The joint venture will seek additional future capital from additional investors and has entered into exclusive option agreements to license product candidates from both Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Cumberland Emerging Technologies Inc. 
 
 (7) 
 million in federal net operating loss carryforwards including approximately million of net operating loss carryforwards resulting from the exercise of nonqualified stock options. These have historically been used to significantly offset income tax obligations. The Company expects it will continue to pay minimal income taxes during 2024 and beyond, through the continued utilization of these net operating loss carryforwards, on any taxable income generated from our operations. 
 
 (8) 
 
 (9) 

15 

(10) 
 million at the closing of the transaction and a million milestone payment in early April 2019. In addition, Cumberland has agreed to pay royalties of up to of on-going net sales of the product in the U.S. after a million threshold is met. The future royalty payments were recognized at their acquisition-date fair value as a contingent consideration liability, as part of the contingent consideration transferred in the business combination. Cumberland prepared the valuations of the contingent consideration liability utilizing significant unobservable inputs. As a result, the valuation is classified as Level 3 fair value measurement. 
 Cash payment of royalty during the period ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration included in operating expenses ) Contingent consideration earned and accrued in operating expenses Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 The contingent consideration liability of million was accounted for as million of other current liabilities and million of other long-term liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 16 

million at the closing of the transaction. The agreement called for milestone payments of up to million based on the attainment of various approvals and sales performance. In January 2023, Cumberland made a million milestone payment to Kwoya Kirin based on the FDA approval of a manufacturing site for the product. In October 2023, Cumberland made a million milestone payment based on the successful transfer of the product s FDA registration from Kyowa Kirin to Cumberland. 
 The remaining million in milestones are tied to achievement of certain annual sales levels for the product. 
 In addition, Cumberland has agreed to pay a royalty of up to of on-going net sales of Sancuso. The future royalty payments were required to be recognized at their acquisition-date fair value as a contingent consideration liability, as part of the contingent consideration transferred in the business combination. Cumberland has prepared a valuation of the contingent consideration liability utilizing significant unobservable inputs. As a result, the valuation is classified as Level 3 fair value measurement. 
 Cash payment of milestones and royalty during the period ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration included in operating expenses ) Contingent consideration earned and accrued in operating expenses Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 The contingent consideration liability earned and accrued in operating expenses is paid to Kyowa Kirin quarterly. The contingent consideration liability of million was accounted for as million of current liabilities and million of other long-term liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 RediTrex 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Disclosure regarding forward-looking statements 
 The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements which reflect management s current views of future events and operations. These statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from them. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in these forward-looking statements. Some important factors which may cause results to differ from expectations include: availability of additional debt and equity capital; market conditions at the time additional capital is required; our ability to continue to acquire branded products; product sales; management of our growth and integration of our acquisitions and generally unpredictable conditions in national and international markets. While forward-looking statements reflect our beliefs and best judgment based upon current information, they are not guarantees of future performance. Other important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements are discussed in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our other filings with the SEC. We do not undertake to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements, even in the event that experience or future changes indicate that the anticipated results will not be realized. The following presentation of management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report on Form 10-Q. 

18 

OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. ("Cumberland," the "Company," or as used in the context of "we," "us," or "our"), is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the acquisition, development and commercialization of branded prescription pharmaceuticals. We are dedicated to our mission of working together to provide unique products that improve the quality of patient care. 
 Our primary target markets are hospital acute care, gastroenterology and oncology. These medical specialties are characterized by relatively concentrated prescriber bases that we believe can be served effectively by small, targeted sales forces. We promote our approved products through our hospital, field and oncology sales divisions in the United States. We continue to build a network of established international partners with the needed regulatory and commercial capabilities to register and provide our medicines to patients in their countries. 
 Our portfolio of brands approved for marketing by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") includes: 
 Acetadote acetylcysteine injection, for the treatment of acetaminophen poisoning; 
 Caldolor ibuprofen injection, for the treatment of pain and fever; 
 Kristalose lactulose oral solution, a prescription laxative for the treatment of constipation; 
 Sancuso granisetron transdermal, for the prevention of nausea and vomiting in patients receiving certain types of chemotherapy treatment; 
 Vaprisol conivaptan injection, to raise serum sodium levels in hospitalized patients with euvolemic and hypervolemic hyponatremia; and 
 Vibativ telavancin injection, for the treatment of certain serious bacterial infections including hospital-acquired and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia, as well as complicated skin and skin structure infections. 
 In addition to these commercial brands, we have Phase II clinical programs underway evaluating our ifetroban product candidate in 1) Systemic Sclerosis or scleroderma, a debilitating autoimmune disorder characterized by diffuse fibrosis of the skin and internal organs, 2) patients with cardiomyopathy associated with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy , a rare, fatal, genetic neuromuscular disease results in deterioration of the skeletal, heart, and lung muscles and 3) patients with Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis , the most common form of progressive fibrosing interstitial lung disease. Investigational new study applications have been cleared by the FDA enabling us to launch Phase II clinical studies in each of these areas. 
 Cumberland has built core competencies for the acquisition, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, and we believe we can leverage this existing infrastructure to support our growth. Our management team consists of pharmaceutical industry veterans with experience in business development, product development, regulatory, manufacturing, sales, marketing and finance. 
 Our business development team identifies, evaluates, and negotiates product acquisition, licensing and co-promotion agreements. Our product development team creates proprietary formulations, manages our clinical studies, prepares our FDA submissions and staffs our medical call center. Our quality and manufacturing professionals oversee the manufacturing, release and shipment of our brands. Our marketing and sales organization is responsible for our commercial activities, and we work closely with our distribution partners to ensure the availability and delivery of our products. 
 
 19 

GROWTH STRATEGY 
 Cumberland s growth strategy involves maximizing the potential of our existing brands, while continuing to build a portfolio of differentiated products. We currently own six products approved by the FDA in the United States. We are also continuing to build international partnerships to bring our medicines to patients in other countries. Additionally, we look for opportunities to expand our brands into new patient populations through clinical trials, new product presentations and our support of select, investigator-initiated studies. Meanwhile, our clinical team is developing a pipeline of new product candidates to address poorly met medical needs. We also pursue opportunities to acquire additional marketed brands, as well as late-stage development product candidates in our target medical specialties. 
 We are supplementing these activities with the earlier-stage product development at Cumberland Emerging Technologies ("CET"), our majority-owned subsidiary. CET partners with academic research institutions to identify and support the progress of promising new product candidates, which Cumberland can further develop and commercialize. 
 Specifically, we are seeking long-term, sustainable growth by: 
 Supporting and expanding the use of our marketed products. We continue to evaluate our products following their FDA approval to determine if additional clinical data could expand their market and use. For example, we have secured pediatric approval of Acetadote and Caldolor and expanded the labeling for both brands accordingly. We also added pre-surgery dosing for Caldolor, and recently included newborns to the patients who can benefit from the product. 
 Selectively adding complementary brands. In addition to our product development activities, we are also seeking to acquire approved brands or late-stage development product candidates to continue to build our portfolio. We seek under-promoted, FDA-approved drugs as well as late-stage development products that can improve patient care. We will continue to target product acquisition candidates that are competitively differentiated and have valuable intellectual property or other protective features. Our acquisitions of Vibativ and Sancuso are examples of the implementation of this strategy. 
 Progressing our clinical pipeline and incubating future product opportunities at CET. We believe it is important to build a pipeline of innovative new product opportunities, as we are doing through our ifetroban Phase II development programs. We are also supplementing our acquisitions and late-stage development activities with the early-stage product development activities at CET. 
 Leveraging our infrastructure through co-promotion partnerships. We believe that our commercial infrastructure can help drive prescription volume and product sales. We also look for strategic partners that can complement our capabilities and enhance opportunities for our brands. For example, our co-promotion partnerships have allowed us to expand the support for Kristalose across the United States. 
 Building an international contribution to our business. We have established our own commercial capabilities, including three sales divisions, that focus on the U.S. market for our products. We are also working with a network of select international partners to register our products and make them available to patients in their countries. We will continue to support our partners registration and commercialization efforts in their respective territories. The acquisition of Vibativ resulted in several new international partners and market opportunities. 
 Managing our operations with financial discipline. We continually work to manage our expenses in line with our revenues, to deliver positive cash flow from operations. We seek to maintain favorable gross margins and a strong balance sheet. 
 
 20 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 State Medicaid Coverage for Kristalose Grows 
 We continue to see that Kristalose, our prescription-strength laxative, performs best in states where we have Medicaid coverage, such as Texas, New York and Wisconsin. The product is now also covered on certain Virginia, Louisiana and Maine Medicaid plans. We are encouraged to see the positive impact on our business as more states provide favorable Medicaid coverage for Kristalose and we will continue working to increase awareness in those states. 
 New WHO Report Highlights Need for Antibiotics like Vibativ 
 A new report from the World Health Organization ("WHO") found that antimicrobial resistance is an urgent global health and socioeconomic crisis. Further, the worldwide rise in antibiotic resistance poses a significant threat, diminishing the efficacy of many common antibiotics against widespread bacterial infections. Unlike many antibiotics that are losing the battle to fight bacteria, Vibativ s unique dual method of action was specifically designed to address drug-resistant bacteria and we therefore believe it has the potential to help many patients amid the growing resistance crisis. 
 Vibativ can serve as a potentially life-saving treatment in patients with hospital-acquired and ventilator-associated pneumonia resulting from infections including the flu and COVID-19. It is designed to treat serious infections due to Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) and other Gram-positive bacteria, including Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA ). Vibativ addresses a range of Gram-positive bacterial pathogens, including those that are considered difficult-to-treat and multidrug-resistant. 
 Expanded Patient Support for Sancuso 
 During the third quarter of 2024 we launched a new sampling program for our oncology support medication, Sancuso, that broadens access to the product, allowing more patients to try it and experience its benefits. We also introduced a new HUB services capability to provide enhanced patient support, ensuring patients receive comprehensive assistance throughout their treatment journey. 
 Vaprisol Supply Update 
 Demand for our Vaprisol product increased in 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic, and we worked to support the expanded use of the product in hospitals and clinics during the health care crisis. In 2021, we distributed all remaining inventory of the Vaprisol product we possessed and subsequently notified the FDA that supplies of the product are not currently available. We have since transferred the manufacturing of the product to a new facility. Our new manufacturing and distribution partner is working with the FDA to address several Form 483 issues in a timely manner. As we await FDA approval for making the branded product there, our manufacturer is providing a special supply of compounded product in support of critically ill patients. The companies share in the sales of this compounded product. 
 Vaprisol is the first and only intravenously administered vasopressin receptor antagonist. It is used to raise serum sodium levels in hospitalized patients with hyponatremia, the most common electrolyte disorder among such patients. 

21 

Federal NOPAIN Act 
 In April 2023, we announced that we expect that our Caldolor product will be eligible for special Medicare reimbursement under the Non-Opioids Prevent Addiction in the Nation Act (the NOPAIN Act ), which was enacted as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 . 
 This Act requires Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS to provide separate reimbursement for non-opioid products that are used to manage pain during surgeries conducted in hospital outpatient departments or in ambulatory surgical centers. The NOPAIN Act applies, in part, to products that are indicated to provide analgesia, without acting upon the body s opioid receptors. The reimbursement for non-opioid pain alternatives under the NOPAIN Act will apply to those products that are furnished between January 1, 2025, and January 1, 2028. 
 Cumberland submitted comments to CMS in July 2023 and July 2024, arguing, among other things, that Caldolor meets the statutory requirements for separate payment under the NOPAIN Act because the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approved Caldolor for a general acute pain indication that encompasses use for the reduction of postoperative pain based on clinical studies in patients with postoperative pain. 
 On November 1, 2024, CMS announced a list of products for separate payment under the NOPAIN Act through their Calendar Year 2025 Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System OPPS Ruling . The list does not include Caldolor. CMS concluded that Caldolor and certain other products do not qualify for separate payment under the NOPAIN Act because there is no mention of post-operative or post-surgical use in the FDA-approved indications. 
 The Company was surprised and disappointed with this determination, as the majority of Caldolor s use is associated with surgery and the FDA approval of the product s pain indication was based on studies of patients with post-surgical pain. 
 Furthermore, CMS s November 1 list of products eligible for separate payment under the NOPAIN Act does not appear to add any new pharmaceuticals. Cumberland does not believe that CMS s determination regarding Caldolor is consistent with the intent of the NOPAIN legislation. 
 We are evaluating our potential options, and next initiatives for continuing to seek separate payment for Caldolor. 
 
 22 

Ifetroban Clinical Studies 
 We have been evaluating our ifetroban product candidate, a selective thromboxane-prostanoid receptor antagonist, in a series of clinical studies. It has now been dosed in nearly 1,400 subjects and has been found to be safe and well tolerated in healthy volunteers and various patient populations. We have three Phase II clinical programs underway evaluating our ifetroban product candidate in patients with 1) Systemic Sclerosis or scleroderma, a debilitating autoimmune disorder characterized by diffuse fibrosis of the skin and internal organs, 2) cardiomyopathy associated with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, a rare, fatal, genetic neuromuscular disease results in deterioration of the skeletal, heart, and lung muscles and 3) Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis, the most common form of progressive fibrosing interstitial lung disease. This third program is our newest, with enrollment now underway. We expect to close two of these ifetroban studies this year. 
 We recently applied for two FDA designations for our Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy product candidate: 
 1) Orphan Drug Designation , which is granted to products that show promise in the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of rare or orphan diseases; such designation can result in a number of benefits associated with the FDA review process including exclusivity after approval of the product. 
 2) Rare Pediatric Disease Designation , which is given to products intended to prevent or treat serious or life-threatening diseases that primarily affect children from birth to 18 years of age. Upon FDA approval, this designation may result in a priority review voucher from the FDA for a different product. 
 Cumberland subsequently was informed by the FDA that both the Orphan Drug Designation and the Rare Pediatric Disease Designation requests for this candidate have been granted. 
 We have also completed a pilot Phase II study involving 1) patients suffering from Hepatorenal Syndrome, a life-threatening condition involving liver and kidney failure, 2) patients with Portal Hypertension associated with chronic liver disease and 3) patients with Aspirin-Exacerbated Respiratory Disease, a severe form of asthma. There were no significant safety issues identified with the use of ifetroban in these patients. 
 Additional pilot studies of ifetroban are underway, including several investigator-initiated trials. 
 Our plan going forward is to complete each of our Company-sponsored studies, analyze their final data, announce top-line results and decide on the best development path for the registration of ifetroban, which we continue to believe has the potential to benefit many patients with orphan diseases that represent unmet medical needs. 
 International Agreements 
 During the third quarter of 2024, PiSA Pharmaceutical, our partner for Caldolor in Mexico, submitted a dossier to COFEPRIS, Mexico s equivalent to the FDA, for the product s approval in that country. 
 Meanwhile, we continue to support our international partners in their efforts to register Vibativ in their countries. 
 In late 2022, we announced a new partnership with Saudi Arabia-based Tabuk Pharmaceutical to introduce Vibativ into the Middle East. The arrangement provides Tabuk exclusive rights to distribute Vibativ in Saudi Arabia and Jordan, with the option to expand into other countries in the region. Tabuk has obtained the final approvals needed to commercialize Vibativ in Saudi Arabia and has now begun ordering the product in preparation for its launch planned for this year. 
 Also in 2022, we entered into an agreement with D.B. Pharm to register and commercialize our Vibativ product in South Korea. D.B. Pharm also distributes our Caldolor product there. They filed for the approval of Vibativ in November 2022 and we have been supporting their efforts through the review process of their application in the country. The Korean regulatory authorities did not approve the submission, and indicated that additional manufacturing information will be required, which we will work with D.B. Pharm to address. 
 Meanwhile, our Vibativ partner for the Chinese market, SciClone Pharmaceuticals, had their approval application in China accepted for review in September 2021. We have since been supporting SciClone and their requests associated with the review of that submission. They are working toward the approval and believe that there is significant potential for Vibativ in their country. 
 
 23 

CET Program Developments 
 Through our work at CET, we continue to build a long-term pipeline of innovative new biopharmaceutical products. CET represents a joint initiative among Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc., Vanderbilt University, the state-supported Launch Tennessee and an international partner WinHealth Pharma. CET s mission is to bring biomedical technologies and products conceived at Vanderbilt and other regional research centers to the marketplace. 
 There have been two recent developments among the programs CET is supporting. 
 Enrollment concluded and top-line results have become available for the MENDING Trial, a Phase II investigator-initiated study evaluating the safety and efficacy of a new treatment for delirium in critically ill patients. The study was conducted in partnership with Vanderbilt University Medical Center and funded by the National Institute of Health NIH ). 
 The MENDING Trial enrolled 97 critically ill patients who were admitted to the Vanderbilt Intensive Care Unit ICU for treatment of respiratory failure or shock and treated 39 who, while in the ICU, developed delirium. Delirious patients received twice-daily IV treatment or placebo and were evaluated over the course of 14 days. 
 The primary endpoint for this study was the safety of this new treatment. The study also evaluated patient days without delirium or coma. Additional endpoints included ventilator-free days; hospital-free days; drug exposure for antipsychotics, opioids, and sedatives; and cognitive function. 
 The MENDING Trial successfully demonstrated that the new treatment was well-tolerated in these ICU patients diagnosed with delirium. 
 In addition the new treatment was associated with 1) a reduction in days with delirium; 2) reduced use of antipsychotics, opioids, and sedatives; and 3) a decrease in delirious patients experiencing comas. While the efficacy results were not statistically significant given the limited number of patients treated, the findings are considered clinically meaningful by physician investigators involved in the study and support continued development. 
 Delirium is characterized as a serious alteration in mental state which may present with confusion, poor attention or lack of awareness. Additionally, delirium is the most common presentation of neurologic dysfunction in critically ill patients and affects between 30-75 of patients admitted to the ICU. Development of delirium is associated with several poor outcomes including increased length of hospital stays, long-term cognitive deficits, additional hospital costs, impaired quality of life and mortality. Despite the prevalence and impact of delirium, there are currently no FDA-approved therapeutics for the prevention or treatment of delirium, highlighting an unmet medical need for these patients. 
 Additionally, CET has entered into a Development Agreement with Octapharma AG ("Octapharma") for a new product designed to locate sites of internal bleeding. In exchange for an option to worldwide rights to the technology, Octapharma will provide development funding. With the option exercise, Octapharma will also provide milestone payments and royalties on product sales. 
 Most clinically significant internal bleeding occurs in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, especially the lower tract. Intestinal hemorrhage ranks among conditions having the highest number of all-cause readmissions and among the most common causes of nonmalignant mortality. 
 Current treatment for GI hemorrhage begins with identifying the bleeding site through diagnostic testing. Colonoscopy is the recommended first-line diagnostic procedure, while computed tomographic angiography is advised for a subset of high-risk patients who are unlikely to tolerate bowel preparation. Both angiography and tagged red blood cell scintigraphy older, less commonly used tests require a minimum rate of active bleeding for accurate results. Diagnosis using colonoscopy is also more challenging without active bleeding or when excessive bleeding obscures the visual field. 
 The new technology represents a paradigm shift as it identifies the naturally formed clot at the injured vessels, allowing for the potential to pinpoint GI bleeding sites even if bleeding has ceased temporarily. 
 The product is designed as a proprietary radiochemical preparatory kit for generating a medical imaging agent for injection. It has been developed through a collaboration between CET, researchers at Vanderbilt University Medical Center and Cold Springs Diagnostics, Inc. The development has been supported by an NIH grant awarded to CET under the STTR program. 
 The next steps include scaling up the drug formulation and conducting the additional preclinical testing needed to file and obtain clearance for an Investigational New Drug application, paving the way for an initial clinical study. 
 
 24 

Summary 
 We are dedicated to our mission of working together to provide unique products that improve the quality of patient care. We have pursued our mission by building a portfolio of FDA-approved brands with outstanding safety and efficacy profiles that can make a difference in patients lives. 
 We continue to build our portfolio of innovative and differentiated products through a multifaceted strategy that includes the development of new candidates, as well as the acquisition of established brands. We will remain focused on those efforts and look forward to future opportunities to carry out our mission and report on our progress throughout the remainder of the year and beyond. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES 
 Please see a discussion of our critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates in Note 1 to the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements accompanying this report and the section entitled " Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations " in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Accounting Estimates and Judgments 
 The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. We base our estimates on past experience and on other factors we deem reasonable given the circumstances. Past results help form the basis of our judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that cannot be determined from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The Company's most significant estimates include: (1) its allowances for chargebacks and accruals for rebates and product returns, (2) the allowances for obsolescent or unmarketable inventory and (3) valuation of contingent consideration liabilities associated with business combinations. 
 25 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents the unaudited interim statements of operations for continuing operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net revenues 9,085,826 10,085,926 (1,000,100) Costs and expenses: Cost of products sold 1,323,013 1,765,590 (442,577) Selling and marketing 4,397,480 4,743,142 (345,662) Research and development 1,306,095 1,924,768 (618,673) General and administrative 2,675,380 2,343,855 331,525 Amortization 1,078,290 1,175,174 (96,884) Total costs and expenses 10,780,258 11,952,529 (1,172,271) Operating loss (1,694,432) (1,866,603) 172,171 Interest income 69,190 98,603 (29,413) Other income - settlement 475,000 (475,000) Other income - insurance proceeds 237,089 346,800 (109,711) Interest expense (137,374) (110,081) (27,293) Loss before income taxes (1,525,527) (1,056,281) (469,246) Income tax expense (11,442) (6,938) (4,504) Net loss (1,536,969) (1,063,219) (473,750) 
 The following table summarizes net revenues by product for the periods presented: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Products: Kristalose 3,632,258 3,887,476 (255,218) Sancuso 2,607,558 1,933,222 674,336 Vibativ 1,028,013 2,789,579 (1,761,566) Caldolor 1,271,252 1,155,509 115,743 Acetadote 21,374 120,052 (98,678) Omeclamox-Pak (18) 23,288 (23,306) Vaprisol (135,765) (135,765) RediTrex 36,950 (122,556) 159,506 Other revenue 624,204 299,356 324,848 Total net revenues 9,085,826 10,085,926 (1,000,100) 
 Net revenues. Net revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were 9.1 million compared to 10.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As detailed in the table above, net revenue increased for two of our marketed products during the third quarter of 2024, Sancuso and Caldolor. 
 Kristalose revenue was 3.6 million for the third quarter of 2024 and 3.9 million for the same period in the prior year. The decrease was the result of higher sales deductions. 
 Acetadote revenue includes net sales of our Acetadote brand and our share of net sales from our Authorized Generic. During the third quarter of 2024, there was a decrease of 0.1 million in the product's revenue when compared to the prior year period due to a decline in shipments. 
 26 

There were no Vaprisol branded product sales for the third quarter of 2024 as Cumberland is currently out of inventory of the product as we await FDA approval on a new manufacturer. The amount represents charges for product returns. 
 Caldolor revenue was 1.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the third quarter of 2023. The increase results from higher international sales. 
 Vibativ revenue was 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2.8 million for the same prior year period. The decrease in net revenue of the product was due to lower sales volume. 
 Sancuso revenue was 2.6 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 1.9 million for the third quarter of 2023 resulting in an increase of 0.7 million. The increase resulted primarily from increased sales volume, along with lower sales deductions associated with the product. 
 Other revenue was 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase relates to the development funding received from Octapharma in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Cost of products sold . Co st of products sold for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 were 1.3 million and 1.8 million, respectively. Cost of products sold, as a percentage of net revenues, were 14.6 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 17.5 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily due to the mix of domestic and international products sold. 
 Selling and marketing . Selling and marketing expense for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 0.3 million compared to the same period last year. This decrease is primarily attributable to a decline in personnel and the related compensation. 
 Research and development . Research and development costs for the third quarter of 2024 were 1.3 million compared to 1.9 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease is primarily due to a portion of our research and development costs is variable as we continue to fund the ongoing clinical initiatives associated with our pipeline product candidates. These variable costs depend on the number of active trials, study sites and patients as well as the cost per patient in each of our clinical programs. In addition, FDA fees are lower in 2024. 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expense for the third quarter of 2024 was 2.7 million compared to 2.3 million for the same period in 2023. The increase is due to higher salaries and contract labor costs. 
 
 27 

The components of the statements of operations discussed above reflect the following impacts from Vibativ: 
 Financial Impact of Vibativ Three months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Net revenue (1) 
 1,029,301 2,789,579 Cost of products sold (2) 
 233,938 563,688 Royalty and operating expenses 300,368 621,941 Vibativ contribution 494,995 1,603,950 
 (1) Net revenue includes 1,288 related to other income received. 
 (2) The Vibativ inventory included in the costs of product sold during the period was acquired and paid for by Cumberland as part of the acquisition of the brand during 2018. 
 The components of the statements of operations discussed above reflect the following impacts from Sancuso: 
 Financial Impact of Sancuso Three months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Net revenue 2,607,559 1,933,222 Cost of products sold (1) 
 135,233 314,735 Royalty and operating expenses 1,071,764 792,654 Sancuso contribution 1,400,562 825,833 
 (1) The Sancuso inventory included in the costs of product sold during 2023 was acquired and paid for by Cumberland as part of the acquisition of the brand during 2022. 
 Amortization. Amortization expense is the ratable use of our capitalized intangible assets including product and license rights, patents, trademarks and patent defense costs. Amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, totaled approximately 1.1 million and 1.2 million, respectively. 
 Income taxes . Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was 0.01 million. 

28 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents the unaudited interim statements of operations for continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net revenues 27,432,376 30,199,441 (2,767,065) Costs and expenses: Cost of products sold 4,609,499 4,536,628 72,871 Selling and marketing 12,800,469 13,692,535 (892,066) Research and development 3,523,535 4,569,476 (1,045,941) General and administrative 7,800,435 7,212,731 587,704 Amortization 3,288,808 3,563,493 (274,685) Total costs and expenses 32,022,746 33,574,863 (1,552,117) Operating loss (4,590,370) (3,375,422) (1,214,948) Interest income 227,777 205,854 21,923 Other income 2,828,871 (2,828,871) Other income - settlement 475,000 (475,000) Other income - insurance proceeds 237,089 346,800 (109,711) Interest expense (382,247) (489,069) 106,822 Loss before income taxes (4,507,751) (7,966) (4,499,785) Income tax expense (34,327) (20,813) (13,514) Net loss (4,542,078) (28,779) (4,513,299) The following table summarizes net revenues by product for the periods presented: Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Products: Kristalose 10,935,702 12,313,321 (1,377,619) Sancuso 6,624,102 5,736,981 887,121 Vibativ 5,087,983 6,785,592 (1,697,609) Caldolor 3,586,199 3,316,866 269,333 Acetadote 144,973 440,071 (295,098) Omeclamox-Pak (2,574) 28,832 (31,406) Vaprisol (128,684) 39,866 (168,550) RediTrex 71,350 (254,108) 325,458 Other revenue 1,113,325 1,792,020 (678,695) Total net revenues 27,432,376 30,199,441 (2,767,065) 
 Net revenues. Net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 27.4 million compared to 30.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 2.8 million. 
 Kristalose revenue was 10.9 million during the first nine months of 2024, compared to 12.3 million for the prior year period. Revenue decreased due to the result of timing of shipments to one of our co-promotion partners. 
 Acetadote revenue includes net sales of our Acetadote brand and our share of net sales from our Authorized Generic. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there was a decrease of 0.3 million in the product's revenue when compared to the prior year period due to a decrease in shipments. 
 29 

Sancuso revenue was 6.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.7 million for the same period last year. The increase resulted primarily from reduced sales deductions for product returns. 
 Vibativ revenue was 5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.8 million for the prior year period. The decrease in net revenue of the product was the result of lower sales volume in 2024. 
 There were no Vaprisol branded product sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The sales of our compounded product for the current year-to-date period was offset by normal sales deduction adjustments. 
 Omeclamox-Pak had no sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as Cumberland is currently out of commercial inventory of this product. The packager for our Omeclamox-Pak product encountered financial difficulties and currently is under new management and a reorganization. 
 Caldolor revenue was 3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.3 million over the same period in 2023. Higher international revenue is driving the increase. 
 Other revenue was 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing a 0.7 million decrease from the same period in 2023, as a result of a settlement recognized in 2023. 
 Cost of products sold . Co st of products sold for the first nine months of 2024 were 4.6 million, consistent when compared to 4.5 million for the first nine months of 2023. 
 Selling and marketing . Selling and marketing expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 0.9 million compared to the prior year period. This decrease is primarily attributable to the timing of the expenditures. 
 Research and development . Research and development costs were 3.5 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 4.6 million for the same period last year. A portion of our research and development costs is variable as we continue to fund the ongoing clinical initiatives associated with our pipeline product candidates. These variable costs depend on the number of active trials, study sites and patients as well as the cost per patient in each of our clinical programs. The year over year reduction results from lower FDA fees and consulting expenses in 2024. 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased to 7.8 million compared to 7.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is due to higher salaries and contract labor costs. 
 The components of the statements of operations discussed above reflect the following impacts from Vibativ: 
 Financial Impact of Vibativ Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net revenue (1) 
 5,089,271 7,785,592 Cost of products sold (2) 
 1,060,584 1,081,001 Royalty and operating expenses 1,378,848 1,738,568 Vibativ contribution 2,649,839 4,966,023 
 (1) Net revenue includes 1,288 related to other income received. 
 (2) The Vibativ inventory included in the costs of product sold during the period was acquired and paid for by Cumberland as part of the acquisition of the brand during 2018. 
 Financial Impact of Vibativ Since Acquisition Net revenue (1) 
 58,660,448 Cost of products sold (2) 
 18,209,090 Royalty and operating expenses 10,295,977 Vibativ contribution 30,155,381 
 (1) Net revenue includes a 1,000,000 payment to Cumberland related to a settlement agreement of milestone payments and 1,288 of other income. 
 (2) The Vibativ inventory included in the costs of product sold during the period was acquired and paid for by Cumberland as part of the acquisition of the brand during 2018. 
 30 

Financial Impact of Sancuso Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net revenue 6,624,103 5,736,981 Cost of products sold (1) 
 691,358 886,041 Royalty and operating expenses 2,601,815 2,183,209 Sancuso contribution 3,330,930 2,667,731 
 (1) The Sancuso inventory included in the costs of product sold during the period was acquired and paid for by Cumberland as part of the acquisition of the brand during 2022. The acquired inventory was completely sold by the end of the second quarter 2024. 
 Financial Impact of Sancuso Since Acquisition Net revenue 28,276,494 Cost of products sold (1) 
 3,449,784 Royalty and operating expenses 10,179,664 Sancuso contribution 14,647,046 
 (1) The Sancuso inventory included in the costs of product sold during the period was acquired and paid for by Cumberland as part of the acquisition of the brand during 2022. The acquired inventory was completely sold by the end of the second quarter 2024. 
 Amortization. Amortization expense is the ratable use of our capitalized intangible assets including product and license rights, patents, trademarks and patent defense costs. Amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and nine months ended September 30, 2023, totaled approximately 3.3 million and 3.6 million, respectively. The decrease was attributable to a reduction to the valuation of Omeclamox acquisition recognized in December 2023. 
 Income taxes . Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 0.03 million, compared to the income tax expense recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 0.02 million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 51.9 million in federal net operating loss carryforwards including approximately 44.1 million of net operating loss carryforwards resulting from the exercise of nonqualified stock options that have historically been used to significantly offset income tax obligations. We expect to continue to pay minimal income taxes during 2024 and beyond, through the continued utilization of these net operating loss carryforwards, on any taxable income generated from our operations. 

31 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Working Capital 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and the amounts borrowed under our line of credit. We believe that our internally generated cash flows, existing working capital and our line of credit will be adequate to finance internal growth, finance business development initiatives, and fund capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. 
 The following table summarizes our liquidity and working capital as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 17,464,754 18,321,624 Working capital (current assets less current liabilities) 4,148,891 7,732,161 Current ratio (multiple of current assets to current liabilities) 1.1 1.3 Revolving line of credit availability 3,908,408 7,215,856 
 The following table summarizes our net changes in cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (2,516,804) 5,053,700 Investing activities 84,651 (366,334) Financing activities 1,575,283 (5,937,371) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (856,870) (1,250,005) 
 The net 0.9 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily attributable to cash used in operating activities partially offset by cash provided by financing and investing activities. 
 Cash used in operating activities totaled 2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the 4.5 million net loss, a 1.6 million increase in accounts receivable, a 0.7 million decrease in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, a 0.9 million decrease in non-cash contingent consideration and a 0.4 million decrease in other long-term liabilities. This was partially offset by a 3.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, a 1.1 million decrease in inventory and a 1.0 million decrease in other current assets and other assets. 
 Cash provided by financing activities totaled 1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to 3.3 million borrowings net on our line of credit, partially offset by the 1.3 million used for the payment of royalties on sales of Vibativ and Sancuso and the 0.5 million in cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock. 
 Debt Agreement 
 On September 5, 2023, the Company entered into a new Revolving Credit Loan Agreement with Pinnacle Bank. This facility provides for an aggregate principal funding amount of up to 25 million. The initial revolving line of credit is up to 20 million, with the ability for Cumberland to increase the amount to 25 million, under certain conditions. It has a three year term expiring on October 1, 2026. The interest rate is based on Benchmark (Term SOFR) plus a spread of 2.75 . Cumberland is subject to one financial covenant, the maintenance of a Funded Debt Ratio, determined on a quarterly basis. Borrowings under the line of credit are collateralized by substantially all of our assets. 
 On May 6, 2024, the Company entered into a First Amendment to the Loan Agreement which provides an alternative to the financial covenant by delivering to the lender a borrowing base certificate and complying with certain borrowing base requirements which set forth a maximum revolver amount equal to the lessor of (a) up to 20 million or (b) the sum of the Company's cash balances and eligible accounts receivable. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 32 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates on our cash on deposit in highly-liquid money market accounts and our revolving credit facility. We do not utilize derivative financial instruments or other market risk-sensitive instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes. The main objective of our cash investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing interest income through low-risk investments. 
 We believe that our interest rate risk related to our cash and cash equivalents is not material. The risk related to interest rates for these accounts would produce less income than expected if market interest rates fall. Based on current interest rates, we do not believe we are exposed to significant downside risk related to a change in interest on our money market accounts at September 30, 2024. 
 The interest rate risk related to borrowings under our line of credit was based on Term SOFR plus an interest rate spread. The pricing under the Loan Agreement provides for an interest rate spread of 1.75 to 2.75 above Term SOFR with a minimum Term SOFR of 0.90 . The applicable interest rate under the Loan Agreement was 8.000 at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had 16.1 million in borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 While we operate primarily in the United States, we are exposed to foreign currency risk. Currently, we do not utilize financial instruments to hedge exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. We believe our exposure to foreign currency fluctuation is minimal as our purchases in foreign currency have a maximum exposure of 90 days based on invoice terms with a portion of the exposure being limited to 30 days based on the due date of the invoice. Foreign currency exchange gains and losses were immaterial for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Neither a five percent increase nor decrease from current exchange rates would have a material effect on our operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements, Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this quarterly report, an investor should consider the risk factors included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We currently have a share repurchase program to purchase up to 10 million of our common stock pursuant to Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. In January 2019, our Board of Directors established the current 10 million repurchase program to replace the prior authorizations for repurchases of our outstanding common stock. 
 The following table summarizes the activity, by month, during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of 
 Shares (or Units) 
 Purchased 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 per Share 
 (or Unit) 
 Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May be Purchased Under the Publicly Announced Plans or Programs July 11,047 1.52 11,047 2,615,314 August 37,363 (1) 1.43 37,363 2,562,044 September 24,037 1.34 24,037 2,529,903 Total 72,447 
 (1) Of this amount, 28,129 shares were repurchased directly in private purchases at the then-current fair market value of common stock. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 None of our directors or officers , modified, or a Rule 10b5 1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

34 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 No. Description 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT - THE INSTANCE DOCUMENT DOES NOT APPEAR IN THE INTERACTIVE DATA FILE BECAUSE ITS XBRL TAGS ARE EMBEDDED WITHIN THE INLINE XBRL DOCUMENT. 101.SCH INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 101.CAL INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 101.DEF INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 101.LAB INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT 101.PRE INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 104 COVER PAGE INTERACTIVE DATA FILE (FORMATTED AS INLINE XBRL AND CONTAINED IN EXHIBIT 101) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 
 35 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ John Hamm John Hamm Chief Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer 
 
 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024q3-exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, A.J. Kazimi, certify that 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. November 8, 2024 By s A.J. Kazimi A.J. Kazimi Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024q3-exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Hamm, certify that 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. November 8, 2024 By s John Hamm John Hamm Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2024q3-exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, A.J. Kazimi, Chief Executive Officer and John Hamm, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. section 1350), that 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s A. J. Kazimi A.J. Kazimi Chief Executive Officer November 8, 2024 s John Hamm John Hamm Chief Financial Officer November 8, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cpix-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cpix-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cpix-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cpix-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cpix-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

