<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_793733_0001558370-24-014135.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8499026</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128340</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1297570</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3065744</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1530573</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2251808</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014135.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101160159
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SKYWEST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000793733
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				870292166
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14719
		FILM NUMBER:		241418998

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		444 S RIVER RD
		CITY:			ST GEORGE
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84790
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8016343000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		444 SOUTH RIVER ROAD
		CITY:			ST GEORGE
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84790

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014135.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 skyw-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number SKYWEST, INC. Incorporated under the laws of (I.R.S. Employer ID No.) , (Address of principal executive offices and telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered The Global Select Market 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Outstanding at October 25, 2024 Common stock, no par value 

Table of Contents 
 SKYWEST, INC. QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION : Item 1. Financial Statements 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets 3 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 8 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 41 PART II OTHER INFORMATION : Item 1. Legal Proceedings 41 Item 1A. Risk Factors 41 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 42 Item 5. Other Information 42 Item 6. Exhibits 42 Signature 43 Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements SKYWEST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in Thousands) ASSETS 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Receivables, net Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT: Aircraft and rotable spares Deposits on aircraft Buildings and ground equipment Total property and equipment, gross Less-accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net OTHER ASSETS: Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term receivables and other assets Total other assets Total assets See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 SKYWEST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in Thousands) LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 CURRENT LIABILITIES: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued salaries, wages and benefits Current maturities of operating lease liabilities Taxes other than income taxes Other current liabilities Total current liabilities LONG-TERM DEBT, net of current maturities DEFERRED INCOME TAXES PAYABLE NONCURRENT OPERATING LEASE LIABILITIES OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 7) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Preferred stock, shares authorized; issued Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 SKYWEST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) (Dollars and Shares in Thousands, Except per Share Amounts) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 OPERATING REVENUES: Flying agreements Lease, airport services and other Total operating revenues OPERATING EXPENSES: Salaries, wages and benefits Aircraft maintenance, materials and repairs Depreciation and amortization Aircraft fuel Airport-related expenses Aircraft rentals Other operating expenses Total operating expenses OPERATING INCOME OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES PROVISION (BENEFIT) FOR INCOME TAXES ) NET INCOME BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE Weighted average common shares: Basic Diluted COMPREHENSIVE INCOME: Net income Net unrealized appreciation on marketable securities, net of taxes TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 SKYWEST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) (In Thousands) 

Accumulated Other Common Stock Retained Treasury Stock Comprehensive Shares Amount Earnings Shares Amount Income (Loss) Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Stock awards Employee income tax paid on stock awards ) ) ) Sale of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock based compensation expense Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Net unrealized depreciation on marketable securities, net of tax of ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Stock awards Stock based compensation expense Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Net unrealized depreciation on marketable securities, net of tax of ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Sale of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock upon warrant exercise, net Stock based compensation expense Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation on marketable securities, net of tax of Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 SKYWEST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) (In Thousands) 

Accumulated Other Common Stock Retained Treasury Stock Comprehensive Shares Amount Earnings Shares Amount Loss Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock awards Employee income tax paid on stock awards ) ) ) Sale of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock based compensation expense Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation on marketable securities, net of tax of Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Stock based compensation expense Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation on marketable securities, net of tax of Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Sale of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock based compensation expense Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Net unrealized appreciation on marketable securities, net of tax of Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 SKYWEST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) (In Thousands) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Sales of marketable securities Acquisition of property and equipment: Aircraft and rotable spare parts ) ) Buildings and ground equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Deposits on aircraft ) Aircraft deposits applied towards acquired aircraft Decrease (increase) in other assets ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Payment of debt issuance cost ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Employee income tax paid on vested equity awards ) ) Purchase of treasury stock and excise tax ) ) NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Non-cash investing and financing activities: Acquisition of property and equipment Derecognition of right of use assets ) Derecognition of operating lease liabilities Cash paid during the period for: Interest, net of capitalized amounts Income taxes See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 SKYWEST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 and of the Company s flying agreements revenue, respectively. Under the Company s prorate agreements, the major airline partner and the Company negotiate a passenger fare proration formula, pursuant to which the Company receives a percentage of the ticket revenues for those passengers traveling for one portion of their trip on a Company airline and the other portion of their trip on the major airline partner. Under the Company s prorate flying agreements, the performance obligation is met and revenue is recognized when each flight is completed based upon the portion of the prorate passenger fare the Company determines that it will receive for each completed flight. The transaction price for the prorate agreements is determined from the proration formula derived from each passenger ticket amount on each completed flight over the agreement term. Certain routes under the Company s prorate agreements are subsidized by the U.S. Department of Transportation under the Essential Air Service EAS program, a program created to ensure small communities in the United States maintain a minimum level of scheduled air service. The EAS contracts are generally in duration and the Company recognizes EAS revenue on a per-completed-flight basis pursuant to the terms of each contract. Under the Company s charter operations, SWC, the Company negotiates a fare for the charter flight with the customer. The performance obligation is met and revenue is recognized upon completion of the flight. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, prorate flying agreements and SWC revenue represented approximately and of the Company s flying agreements revenue, respectively. Capacity purchase agreements fixed aircraft lease revenue Capacity purchase agreements variable aircraft lease revenue Prorate agreements and SWC revenue Flying agreements revenue The Company allocates the total consideration received under its capacity purchase agreements between lease and non-lease components based on stand-alone selling prices. A portion of the Company s compensation under its capacity purchase agreements relates to operating the aircraft, identified as the non-lease component of the capacity purchase agreement. The Company recognizes revenue attributed to the non-lease component received as fixed-fees for each departure, flight hour or block hour on an as-completed basis for each reporting period. The Company recognizes revenue attributed to the non-lease component received as fixed monthly payments per aircraft proportionate to the number of block hours completed during each reporting period, relative to the estimated number of block hours the Company anticipates completing over the remaining contract term. Accordingly, the Company s revenue recognition will likely vary from the timing of cash receipts under the Company s capacity purchase agreements. The Company refers to cash received under its capacity purchase agreements prior to recognizing revenue as deferred revenue, and the Company refers to revenue recognized prior to billing its major airline partners under its capacity purchase agreements as unbilled revenue for each reporting period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million of previously deferred revenue associated with the non-lease fixed monthly payments under certain agreements and decreased unbilled revenue by million under certain other agreements, 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 million and decreasing unbilled revenue by million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. A portion of the Company s compensation under its capacity purchase agreements is designed to reimburse the Company for certain aircraft ownership costs. The consideration for aircraft ownership costs varies by agreement but is intended to cover either the Company s aircraft principal and interest debt service costs, its aircraft depreciation and interest expense or its aircraft lease expense costs while the aircraft is under contract. The consideration received for the use of the aircraft under the Company s capacity purchase agreements is accounted for as lease revenue, inasmuch as the agreements identify the right of use of a specific type and number of aircraft over a stated period of time. The lease revenue associated with the Company s capacity purchase agreements is accounted for as an operating lease and is reflected as flying agreements revenue on the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The Company recognizes fixed monthly lease payments as lease revenue using the straight-line basis over the capacity purchase agreement term and variable lease payments in the period when the block hours are completed. The Company recognized million of previously deferred lease revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, whereas the Company deferred recognizing lease revenue of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, under the straight-line basis. The Company has not separately stated aircraft rental income and aircraft rental expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income because the use of the aircraft is not a separate activity of the total service provided under the capacity purchase agreements. The Company s total deferred revenue balance as of September 30, 2024 was million, including million in other current liabilities and million in other long-term liabilities. The Company s unbilled revenue balance was million as of September 30, 2024, including million in other current assets and million in other long-term assets. The Company s total deferred revenue balance was million as of December 31, 2023, including million in other current liabilities and million in other long-term liabilities. The Company s unbilled revenue balance was million as of December 31, 2023, including million in other current assets and million in other long-term assets. The Company s capacity purchase and prorate agreements include weekly provisional cash payments from the respective major airline partner based on a projected level of flying each month. The Company and each major airline partner subsequently reconcile these payments to the actual completed flight activity on a monthly or quarterly basis. In several of the Company s agreements, the Company is eligible to receive incentive compensation upon the achievement of certain performance criteria. The incentives are defined in the agreements and are measured and determined on a monthly, quarterly or semi-annual basis. At the end of each period during the term of an agreement, the Company calculates the incentives achieved during that period and recognizes revenue attributable to that agreement accordingly, subject to the variable constraint guidance under ASC Topic 606. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had aircraft in scheduled service or under contract pursuant to code-share agreements. The following table summarizes the significant provisions of each code-share agreement the Company has with each major airline partner through SkyWest Airlines: Individual aircraft have scheduled expiration dates from 2024 to 2029 United Express Prorate Agreement 
 CRJ200 

Terminable with 120-days notice Total under United Express Agreements 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Individual aircraft have scheduled expiration dates from 2025 to 2034 Delta Connection Prorate Agreement 
 CRJ900 

CRJ700 

Terminable with 30-days notice Total under Delta Connection Agreements American Capacity Purchase Agreement Agreement Aircraft type Number of Aircraft Term / Termination Dates American Agreement (capacity purchase agreement) 
 E175 

CRJ700 

Individual aircraft have scheduled expiration dates from 2025 to 2032 Total under American Agreement Alaska Capacity Purchase Agreement Agreement Aircraft type Number of Aircraft Term / Termination Dates Alaska Agreement (capacity purchase agreement) 
 E175 

Individual aircraft have scheduled expiration dates from 2030 to 2034 

 The Company s prorate agreements are based on specific routes, not a specific aircraft count. The number of aircraft listed above for each prorate agreement approximates the number of aircraft the Company uses to serve the prorate routes. Includes CRJ550 aircraft, a -seat configuration of the CRJ700 aircraft. In addition to the contractual arrangements described above, as of September 30, 2024, SkyWest Airlines reached agreements to place the following E175 aircraft under a capacity purchase agreement with the respective major airline partners: Alaska Airlines Total The Company also entered into multiple agreements with United in September and October 2024 to place a total of used CRJ550s under multi-year contracts. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company is in the process of acquiring used CRJ550s and will convert of its CRJ700s to CRJ550s. The aircraft are anticipated to be placed into service between the fourth quarter of 2024 and the end of 2026. of such CRJ550 aircraft was acquired during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Final delivery and in-service dates for aircraft to be placed under contract are subject to change and may be adjusted based on various factors. When an aircraft is scheduled for expiration from a capacity purchase agreement, the Company may, as practical under the circumstances, negotiate an extension with the respective major airline partner, negotiate the placement of the aircraft with another major airline partner, return the aircraft to the major airline partner when the aircraft is provided by the major airline partner, place owned aircraft for sale or pursue other uses for the aircraft. Other uses for the aircraft may include placing the aircraft in a prorate agreement, leasing the aircraft to a third party or disassembling aircraft components such as the engines and parts to be used as spare inventory. Lease, airport services and other revenues primarily consist of revenue generated from aircraft and spare engines leased to third parties and from airport customer service agreements, such as gate and ramp agent services at 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Airport customer service and other revenue Lease, airport services and other 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum rental income under operating leases Of the Company s billion of net property and equipment as of September 30, 2024, million of regional jet aircraft and spare engines were leased to third parties under operating leases. The Company s mitigation strategy for the residual asset risks of these assets includes leasing aircraft and engine types that can be operated by the Company in the event of a default. Additionally, the operating leases typically have specified lease return condition requirements paid by the lessee to the Company and the Company typically maintains inspection rights under the leases. The transaction price for airport customer service agreements is determined from an agreed-upon rate by location applied to the applicable number of flights handled by the Company over the agreement term. The Company s operating revenues could be impacted by several factors, including changes to the Company s code-share agreements with its major airline partners, changes in flight schedules, contract modifications resulting from contract renegotiations, the Company s ability to earn incentive payments contemplated under the Company s code-share agreements and resolution of unresolved items with the Company s major airline partners. Other ancillary revenues commonly associated with airlines, such as baggage fee revenue, ticket change fee revenue and the marketing component of the sale of mileage credits, are retained by the Company s major airline partners on flights that the Company operates under its code-share agreements. Allowance for Credit Losses The Company monitors publicly available credit ratings for entities for which the Company has a significant receivable balance. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had gross receivables of million in current assets and gross receivables of million in other long-term assets. The Company has established credit loss reserves based on publicly available historic default rates issued by a third party for companies with similar credit ratings, factoring in the term of the respective accounts receivable, notes receivable or guarantees. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes in the outstanding accounts receivable, notes receivable, guarantees or credit ratings of the entities. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments to credit loss reserves ) Write-offs charged against allowance Balance at September 30, 2024 restricted stock units and performance shares to certain employees of the Company under the SkyWest, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Both the restricted stock units and performance shares have a vesting period, during which the recipient must remain employed with the Company. The number of performance shares awardable from the 2024 grants can range from to of the original amount granted depending on the Company s performance over measurement periods against the pre-established targets. Upon vesting, each restricted stock unit and performance share will be replaced with share of common stock. The weighted average fair value of these restricted stock units and performance shares on their date of grant was per share. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted fully vested shares of common stock and fully vested restricted stock units to the Company s directors at a weighted average grant date fair value of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did t grant any options to purchase shares of common stock to employees. The Company accounts for forfeitures of restricted stock units and performance shares when forfeitures occur. The estimated fair value of the restricted stock units and performance shares is amortized over the applicable vesting periods. Stock-based compensation expense for the performance shares is based on the Company s anticipated outcome of achieving the performance metrics. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded pre-tax stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively. Warrants In 2020 and 2021, the Company issued to U.S. Department of the Treasury U.S. Treasury warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Payroll Support Program Agreements and a loan agreement with U.S. Treasury. The warrants have a term from the date of issuance. The weighted average grant-date fair value of these warrants was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The current holder of the warrants exercised warrants in August 2024. The Company settled the exercise through a net share issuance of shares of common stock to the holder. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of warrants issued and outstanding, each with an exercise price of , under the Payroll Support Program Agreements. million for the repurchase of the Company s common stock, superseding a prior Board authorization. At September 30, 2024, million remains available under the May 2023 authorization. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of common stock for million at a weighted average price per share of . The Company also recorded million of excise tax related to the stock repurchases as Treasury Stock in the Company s Stockholders Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased million shares of common stock for million at a weighted average price per share of and recorded million of excise tax related to the stock repurchases as Treasury Stock in the Company s Stockholders Equity. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Employee Stock Awards Total antidilutive securities 

 (1) Warrants originally issued to U.S. Treasury to purchase shares of SkyWest common stock issued pursuant to the three Payroll Support Program Agreements and a loan agreement with the U.S. Treasury. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and performance shares (at target performance) were excluded from the computation of Diluted EPS because the Company had not achieved the minimum target thresholds for these shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Denominator: Basic earnings per share weighted average shares Dilutive effect of employee stock awards and warrants Diluted earnings per share weighted average shares Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share reportable segments consist of (1) the operations of SkyWest Airlines and SWC (collectively, SkyWest Airlines and SWC and (2) SkyWest Leasing activities. The Company s chief operating decision maker analyzes the profitability of operating new aircraft financed through the issuance of debt, including the Company s E175 fleet, separately from the profitability of the Company s capital deployed for ownership and financing of such aircraft. The SkyWest Airlines and SWC segment includes revenue earned under the applicable capacity purchase agreements attributed to operating such aircraft and the respective operating costs. The SkyWest Airlines and SWC segment also includes revenue and operating expenses attributed to 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 Operating expense Depreciation and amortization expense Interest expense Segment profit (2) Total assets (as of September 30, 2024) Capital expenditures (including non-cash) 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 SkyWest Airlines SkyWest and SWC Leasing Consolidated Operating revenues (1) Operating expense Depreciation and amortization expense Interest expense Segment profit (loss) (2) ) Total assets (as of September 30, 2023) Capital expenditures (including non-cash) 

 (1) Prorate revenue and airport customer service revenue are reflected in the SkyWest Airlines and SWC segment. (2) Segment profit (loss) is equal to operating income less interest expense. 
 The following represents the Company s segment data for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 SkyWest Airlines SkyWest and SWC Leasing Consolidated Operating revenues (1) Operating expense Depreciation and amortization expense Interest expense Segment profit (2) Total assets (as of September 30, 2024) Capital expenditures (including non-cash) 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 Operating expense Depreciation and amortization expense Interest expense Segment profit (loss) (2) ) ) Total assets (as of September 30, 2023) Capital expenditures (including non-cash) 

 (1) Prorate revenue and airport customer service revenue are reflected in the SkyWest Airlines and SWC segment. (2) Segment profit (loss) is equal to operating income less interest expense . 
 aircraft under long-term lease agreements with remaining terms ranging from five to . Airport facilities The Company has operating leases for facility space including airport terminals, office space, cargo warehouses and maintenance facilities. The Company generally leases this space from government agencies that control the use of the various airports. The remaining lease terms for facility space vary from to years. The Company s operating leases with lease rates that are variable based on airport operating costs, use of the facilities or other variable factors are excluded from the Company s right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities in accordance with accounting guidance. Leases As of September 30, 2024, the Company s right-of-use assets were million, the Company s current maturities of operating lease liabilities were million, and the Company s noncurrent lease liabilities were million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid million under operating leases reflected as a reduction from operating cash flows. The table below presents lease related terms and discount rates as of September 30, 2024: years Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 Variable and short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease cost As of September 30, 2024, the Company leased aircraft, airport facilities, office space and other property and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases, which are generally on a long-term, triple-net lease basis pursuant to which the Company pays taxes, maintenance, insurance and certain other operating expenses applicable to the leased property. The Company expects that, in the normal course of business, such operating leases that expire will be renewed or replaced by other leases. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum operating lease payments As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a firm purchase commitment for E175 aircraft from Embraer with anticipated delivery dates through 2026. Additionally, the Company has a purchase agreement to acquire used CRJ550 aircraft with anticipated closing dates into 2025. of such CRJ550 aircraft was acquired during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Firm aircraft and spare engine commitments Interest commitments (1) Principal maturities on long-term debt Total commitments and obligations 

 (1) At September 30, 2024, the Company s long-term debt had fixed interest rates. 
 In addition to the table above, in September 2024, the Company entered into a master equipment purchase agreement with another airline to acquire certain airframes and engines from the airline and lease the assets back to the airline under a five -year term. At September 30, 2024, the Company had not acquired any airframes or engines under the master equipment purchase agreement. The Company estimates the purchase obligation will be between million and million and anticipates closing on individual airframes and engines between the fourth quarter of 2024 and the end of 2025. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 million of debt for a 14 CFR Part 135 air carrier. The debt is secured by the Part 135 air carrier s aircraft and engines and has a term. In exchange for providing the guarantee, the Company received of the guaranteed amount as consideration, payable in the estimated value of common stock of the Part 135 air carrier, all of which was sold in 2023. The balance of the debt under the guarantee was million as of September 30, 2024. In 2023, the Company agreed to guarantee up to million of debt for an aviation school. The debt is secured by the school s aircraft and engines and has a term. In exchange for providing the guarantee, the Company receives of the guaranteed amount annually as consideration in cash. The balance of the debt under the guarantee was million as of September 30, 2024. The purpose of these guarantees is to help reduce the financing costs of aircraft for the third-parties in an effort to increase the potential number of commercial pilots in the Company s hiring pipeline. The Company also recorded the estimated credit loss associated with the guarantees based on publicly available historical default rates issued by a third party for companies with similar credit ratings, factoring the collateral and guarantee term. Commercial paper Investments in Other Companies Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Assets Measured at Fair Value 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial paper Investments in Other Companies Cash and Cash Equivalents Total Assets Measured at Fair Value The Company s Marketable Securities classified as Level 2 securities primarily utilize broker quotes in a non-active market for valuation of these securities. See Note 11 Investments in Other Companies regarding the Company s investments in other companies, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company did not make any significant transfers of securities between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company s policy regarding the recording of transfers between levels is to record any such transfers at the end of the reporting period. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company classified million and million of marketable securities, respectively, as short-term because it had the intent to maintain a liquid portfolio and the ability to redeem the securities within . At the time of sale, any realized appreciation or depreciation, calculated by the specific identification method, is recognized in other income (loss), net. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the cost of the Company s marketable securities was million and million, respectively. CRJ700 aircraft and determined the aircraft met the criteria to be classified as assets held for sale. At December 31, 2023, the Company presented the million of assets held for sale at their fair market value less costs to sell and included the amount in Other current assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. In March 2024, the Company changed its plan to sell the CRJ700 aircraft and reclassified them as held for use assets in Aircraft and rotable spares on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company remeasured the fair value of the held for use assets at the time of the reclassification and, as a result, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a million gain (pre-tax) as an offset to other operating expenses primarily due to the elimination of the estimated costs to sell the assets. Current portion of unamortized debt issue cost, net ) ) Current portion of long-term debt, net of debt issue costs Long-term debt, net of current maturities Long-term portion of unamortized debt issue cost, net ) ) Long-term debt, net of current maturities and debt issue costs Total long-term debt (including current portion) Total unamortized debt issue cost, net ) ) Total long-term debt, net of debt issue costs 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 billion of total long-term debt, which consisted of billion of debt used to finance aircraft and spare engines and million of unsecured debt payable to U.S. Treasury. The average effective interest rate on the Company s debt was approximately at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in letters of credit and surety bonds outstanding with various banks and surety institutions. As of September 30, 2024, SkyWest Airlines had a million line of credit. The line of credit includes minimum liquidity and profitability covenants and is secured by certain assets. As of September 30, 2024, SkyWest Airlines had amounts outstanding under the facility. However, at September 30, 2024, SkyWest Airlines had million in letters of credit issued under the facility, which reduced the amount available under the facility to million. The line of credit expires March 25, 2025 and has a variable interest rate of plus the one month SOFR rate. The Company s debt agreements are not traded on an active market and are recorded at carrying value on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is estimated based on current rates offered to the Company for similar debt. Debt is primarily classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Fair value million for an ownership interest in Aero Engines, LLC. Aero Engines ). The primary purpose of Aero Engines is to lease engines to third parties. The Company accounts for its investment in Aero Engines under the equity method. The Company s exposure in its investment in Aero Engines primarily consists of the Company s portion of income or loss from Aero Engines engine lease agreements with third parties and the Company s ownership percentage in Aero Engines engines book value. Aero Engines had debt outstanding as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s investment balance in Aero Engines was million and has been recorded in Other Assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company s portion of income generated by Aero Engines for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was million, which is recorded in Other income (loss), net on the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income. In December 2023, the Company invested million for a ownership interest in Corporate Flight Management, Inc. d/b/a C ontour Airlines Contour ), a 14 CFR Part 135 air carrier. In January 2024, the Company invested an additional million in Contour. The Company has a ownership interest in Contour at September 30, 2024 and holds of seats, or , on Contour s board of directors. The Contour arrangement also includes an asset provisioning agreement under which the Company will provide CRJ airframes, engines and rotable parts to Contour. The Company accounts for its investment in Contour under the equity method where the investment is reported at cost and adjusted each period for the Company s share of Contour s income or loss, recorded on a one quarter lag. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a loss of million, its portion of loss generated by Contour, which was recorded in Other income (loss), net on the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s investment balance in Contour of million was recorded in Other Assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. At September 30, 2024, the Company had million in notes receivable from Contour related to the sale of aircraft under the asset provisioning agreement. The notes are secured by aircraft and collectible within . The Company assesses investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an investment may not be recoverable. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock of Eve Holding, Inc. Eve and a warrant giving the Company the right to acquire shares of common stock of Eve at an exercise price of per share. The Company also received a put option from an Eve shareholder for the shares of common stock of Eve payable in aircraft parts credits. The intent of the put option was to reduce the Company s investment risk in Eve. The Company is restricted from selling the shares underlying the warrant until May 2025, and the warrant expires in May 2032. The Company acquired the shares of common stock, warrant and put option (collectively the Eve Investments for million. The Company evaluated the Eve Investments under ASC Topic 321, Investments Equity Securities and ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and recorded the Eve Investments based on their pro rata share of the consideration paid using the fair value of the Eve Investments on the acquisition date, with subsequent changes in the fair value report ed in earnings. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company sold shares of common stock of Eve, which concurrently forfeited shares subject to the put option from the Eve shareholder. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company exercised the remainder of the put option and received aircraft parts credits in exchange for the shares of common stock. At September 30, 2024, the Company s only remaining investment in Eve was the warrant to acquire shares of common stock of Eve. The shares of common stock of Eve were classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy as Eve common stock is actively traded on the New York Stock Exchange, and the value is determined using quoted market prices for the equity security. The warrant and put option (prior to the exercise of the put option) were classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy Eve Level 3 Investments ). The Company used the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model to determine the estimated fair market value of the Eve Level 3 Investments . Purchases Exercise of put option for aircraft parts credits ) Realized gain on exercise of put option Unrealized loss ) Balance at September 30, 2024 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a net loss of million in Other income (loss) , net on the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income, including a realized gain of million from the exercise of the put option, a realized loss of million from the forfeited shares of Eve common stock and unrealized losses of million related to the Eve Investments. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Eve Investments, which only consisted of the warrant, was million and was recorded in Other Assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. . The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 varied from the federal statutory rate of primarily due to the provision for state income taxes and the impact of non-deductible expenses. This was partially offset by a discrete tax benefit from excess tax deductions generated from employee equity transactions that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a discrete tax benefit from the release of previously recorded uncertain tax position liability and a discrete tax benefit from a release of the valuation allowance on state net operating losses anticipated to be utilized prior to expiration. The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was ) . The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 varied from the federal statutory rate of p rimarily due to a benefit from the release of million of a previously recorded uncertain tax position liability and a benefit from a partial release of the valuation allowance on state net operating losses anticipated to be utilized prior to 

 22 

Table of Contents 

23 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis presents factors that had a material effect on the results of operations of SkyWest, Inc. SkyWest we or us during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Also discussed is our financial condition as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. You should read this discussion in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section of this Report entitled Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements for discussion of uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Certain of the statements contained in this Report should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as may, will, expect, intend, forecast, anticipate, believe, estimate, plan, project, could, should, hope, likely, and continue and similar terms used in connection with statements regarding our outlook, anticipated operations, the revenue environment, our contractual relationships, and our anticipated financial performance. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the continued demand for our product, the effect of economic conditions on SkyWest s business, financial condition and results of operations, the scheduled aircraft deliveries and fleet size for SkyWest in upcoming periods and the related execution of SkyWest s fleet transition strategy and expected timing thereof, expected production levels in future periods and associated staffing challenges, pilot attrition trends, SkyWest s coordination with United Airlines, Inc. United ), Delta Air Lines, Inc. Delta ), American Airlines, Inc. American and Alaska Airlines, Inc. Alaska (each, a major airline partner and together, major airline partners to optimize the delivery of aircraft under previously announced agreements, the expected terms, timing and benefits related to SkyWest s leasing and joint venture transactions, SkyWest s provision of assets to Corporate Flight Management, Inc. d/b/a Contour Airlines Contour ), as well as SkyWest s future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations, estimates, intentions and outlook, and other statements that are not historical facts. All forward-looking statements included in this Report are made as of the date hereof and are based on information available to SkyWest as of such date. SkyWest assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements unless required by law. Readers should note that many factors could affect the future operating and financial results of SkyWest and could cause actual results to vary materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements set forth in this Report. These factors include, but are not limited to the challenges of competing successfully in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry; developments associated with fluctuations in the economy and the demand for air travel, including related to inflationary pressures, and related decreases in customer demand and spending; uncertainty regarding continued recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and other potential future outbreaks of infectious diseases or other health concerns, and the consequences of such outbreaks to the travel industry, including travel demand and travel behavior, and our major airline partners in general and the financial condition and operating results of SkyWest in particular; the prospects of entering into agreements with existing or other carriers to fly new aircraft; ongoing negotiations between SkyWest and its major airline partners regarding their contractual obligations; uncertainties regarding operation of new aircraft; the ability to attract and retain qualified pilots, including captains, and related staffing challenges; the impact of regulatory issues such as pilot rest rules and qualification requirements; the ability to obtain aircraft financing; the financial stability of SkyWest s major airline partners and any potential impact of their financial condition on the operations of SkyWest; fluctuations in flight schedules, which are determined by the major airline partners for whom SkyWest conducts flight operations; variations in market and economic conditions; significant aircraft lease and debt commitments; estimated useful life of long-lived assets, residual aircraft values and related impairment charges; labor relations and costs and labor shortages; the impact of global instability; rapidly fluctuating fuel costs and potential fuel shortages; the impact of weather-related, natural disasters and other air safety incidents on air travel and airline costs; aircraft deliveries; uncertainty regarding ongoing hostility between Russia and the Ukraine, as well as Israel and Hamas, and the related impacts on macroeconomic conditions and on the international operations of any of our major airline partners as a result of such conflict; as well as the other factors identified under the heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, under the heading Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Report, elsewhere in this Report, in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and other unanticipated factors. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 There may be other factors that may affect matters discussed in forward-looking statements set forth in this Report, which factors may also cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed. We assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting these statements other than as required by applicable law. Overview We have the largest regional airline operation in the United States through our operating subsidiary SkyWest Airlines, Inc. SkyWest Airlines ). As of September 30, 2024, we offered scheduled passenger and air freight service with approximately 2,240 total daily departures to destinations in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Our fleet of Embraer E175 regional jet aircraft E175 ), Canadair CRJ900 regional jet aircraft CRJ900 and Canadair CRJ700 regional jet aircraft CRJ700 have a multiple-class seat configuration, whereas our Canadair CRJ200 regional jet aircraft CRJ200 have a single-class seat configuration. During 2022, we formed SkyWest Charter, LLC SWC ), which offers on-demand charter services using CRJ200 aircraft in a 30-seat configuration. As of September 30, 2024, we had 615 total aircraft in our fleet, including 484 aircraft in scheduled service or under contract pursuant to our code-share agreements, summarized as follows: 

E175 CRJ900 CRJ700 (2) CRJ200 Total United 110 19 81 210 Delta 86 36 19 141 American 20 71 91 Alaska 42 42 Aircraft in scheduled service or under contract 258 36 109 81 484 SWC 17 17 Leased to third parties 5 35 40 Other (1) 8 24 42 74 Total Fleet 258 49 168 140 615 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024, other aircraft included: supplemental spare aircraft supporting our code-share agreements that may be placed under future code-share or leasing arrangements, aircraft transitioning between code-share agreements with our major airline partners or aircraft that are scheduled to be disassembled for use as spare parts. (2) Includes CRJ550 aircraft, a 50-seat configuration of the CRJ700 aircraft. 
 Our business model is based on providing scheduled regional airline service under code-share agreements (commercial agreements between airlines that, among other things, allow one airline to use another airline s flight designator codes on its flights) with our major airline partners. Our success is principally centered on our ability to meet the needs of our major airline partners by providing a reliable and safe operation at attractive economics. From September 30, 2023, to September 30, 2024, we made changes to our fleet, including the addition of three new E175 aircraft and 20 partner-financed E175 aircraft. We anticipate our fleet will continue to evolve, as we are scheduled to add 19 new E175 aircraft with United (four in the fourth quarter of 2024, seven in 2025 and eight in 2026) and one new E175 aircraft with Alaska in 2025. We also entered into multiple agreements with United in September and October 2024 to place a total of 40 used CRJ550 aircraft into service between the fourth quarter of 2024 and the end of 2026. Timing of these anticipated deliveries may be subject to change as we are coordinating with our major airline partners in response to labor availability or other factors. Our primary objective in the fleet changes is to improve our profitability by adding new E175 aircraft and used CRJ aircraft to capacity purchase agreements, and potentially removing older aircraft from service that typically require higher maintenance costs. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 43.4 of our aircraft in scheduled service or under contract were operated for United, approximately 29.1 were operated for Delta, approximately 18.8 were operated for American and approximately 8.7 were operated for Alaska. Historically, multiple contractual relationships with major airlines have enabled us to reduce our reliance on any single major airline code and to enhance and stabilize operating results through a mix of fixed-fee arrangements (referred 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 to as capacity purchase agreements) and prorate agreements. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our capacity purchase revenue represented approximately 86.8 of our total flying agreement revenue and our prorate and SWC revenue, combined, represented approximately 13.2 of our total flying agreements revenue. On capacity purchase routes, the major airline partner controls scheduling, ticketing, pricing and seat inventories and we are compensated by the major airline partner at contracted rates based on completed block hours (measured from takeoff to landing, including taxi time), flight departures, the number of aircraft under contract and other operating measures. We control scheduling, pricing and seat inventories on certain prorate routes, and we share passenger fares with our major airline partners according to prorate formulas. We are also responsible for the operating costs of the prorate flights, including fuel and airport costs. Third Quarter Summary We had total operating revenues of 912.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a 19.1 increase compared to total operating revenues of 766.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. We had net income of 89.7 million, or 2.16 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 23.5 million, or 0.55 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The significant items affecting our revenue and operating expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024, are outlined below: Revenue The number of aircraft we have in scheduled service or under contract pursuant to our code-share agreements and the number of block hours we incur on our flights are primary drivers of our flying agreements revenue under our capacity purchase agreements. The number of flights we operate and the corresponding number of passengers we carry are the primary drivers of our revenue under our prorate flying agreements. The number of aircraft we have in scheduled service or under contract pursuant to our code-share agreements decreased from 493 as of September 30, 2023 to 484 as of September 30, 2024; and the number of block hours increased from 290,830 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 334,459 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, or by 15.0 , due to an increase in scheduled daily utilization of our aircraft driven by an increase in the number of available captains. Our capacity purchase revenue increased 128.5 million, or 20.3 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily as a result of an increase in completed block hours for the comparable periods and recognizing previously deferred revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to deferring revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023. As a result of a higher number of passengers carried on our prorate routes and an increase in the number of prorate and charter flights operated year-over-year, our prorate and SWC revenue increased 13.1 million, or 11.9 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Operating Expenses Our total operating expenses increased 64.5 million, or 9.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to an increase in our direct operating expenses associated with the increase in the number of flights we operated. Departures increased from 180,069 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 201,397 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, or by 11.8 . Additional details regarding the increase in our operating expenses are described in the section of this Report entitled Results of Operations. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Fleet Activity The following table summarizes our fleet scheduled for service or under contract as of: 

Aircraft in Service or Under Contract September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 E175s 258 237 235 CRJ900s 36 41 37 CRJ700s 109 118 117 CRJ200s 81 89 104 Total 484 485 493 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which are presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Critical accounting policies are those policies that are most important to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and require management s subjective and complex judgments due to the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our critical accounting policies relate to revenue recognition, long-lived assets, and income tax. The application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results will likely differ, and may differ materially, from such estimates. There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Recent Accounting Pronounceme nts See Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. Results of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Operational Statistics The following table sets forth our major operational statistics and the associated percentage changes for the periods identified below. The increase in block hours, departures and passengers carried during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to an increase in the number of available captains during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, which allowed for a higher scheduled utilization of our aircraft. 

For the three months ended September 30, Block hours by aircraft type: 2024 2023 Change E175s 206,607 171,615 20.4 CRJ900s 22,957 18,979 21.0 CRJ700s 59,807 56,117 6.6 CRJ200s 45,088 44,119 2.2 Total block hours 334,459 290,830 15.0 Departures 201,397 180,069 11.8 Passengers carried 11,263,322 10,208,005 10.3 Passenger load factor 83.7 85.1 (1.4) pts Average passenger trip length (miles) 455 446 2.0 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Revenues The following table summarizes our operating revenue for the periods indicated (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Flying agreements 883,494 741,898 141,596 19.1 Lease, airport services and other 29,292 24,273 5,019 20.7 Total operating revenues 912,786 766,171 146,615 19.1 Flying agreements revenue primarily consists of revenue earned on flights we operate under our capacity purchase agreements and prorate agreements with our major airline partners and on-demand charter flights. Lease, airport services and other revenues consist of revenue earned from leasing aircraft and spare engines to third parties separate from our capacity purchase agreements and providing airport counter, gate and ramp services. We disaggregate our flying agreements revenue into the following categories (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Capacity purchase agreements flight operations revenue 624,342 511,929 112,413 22.0 Capacity purchase agreements aircraft lease revenue 136,392 120,289 16,103 13.4 Prorate agreements and SWC revenue 122,760 109,680 13,080 11.9 Flying agreements revenue 883,494 741,898 141,596 19.1 The increase in Capacity purchase agreements flight operations revenue of 112.4 million, or 22.0 , was primarily due to a 15.0 increase in block hour production and a decrease in deferred revenue related to fixed monthly payments for flight operations received under our capacity purchase agreements for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Under our capacity purchase agreements, we are paid a fixed amount per month per aircraft over the contract term. We recognize the fixed amount per aircraft related to operating the aircraft as revenue proportionately to the number of block hours we complete for each reporting period. Under our capacity purchase agreements, the performance obligation of each completed flight is measured in block hours incurred for each completed flight. Beginning January 1, 2024, certain scheduled fixed monthly payments under our capacity purchase agreements transitioned to variable payments, which are calculated at a rate per block hour. Based on the number of completed block hours during the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 18.2 million of previously deferred revenue, net of unbilled revenue, related to the non-lease fixed monthly payments we received associated with our flight operations revenues. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we deferred recognizing 37.2 million of revenue, net of unbilled revenue, related to fixed monthly payments received associated with our flight operations revenues. The timing of our revenue recognition related to the fixed payments associated with our flight operations will be adjusted over the remaining contract term for each capacity purchase agreement based on the number of block hours we complete each reporting period relative to the number of block hours we anticipate completing over the remaining contract term of each capacity purchase agreement. The increase in Capacity purchase agreements aircraft lease revenue of 16.1 million, or 13.4 , was primarily due to an increase in variable lease revenue as a result of certain scheduled fixed monthly lease payments that transitioned beginning January 1, 2024 to variable payments under our capacity purchase agreements. Under our capacity purchase agreements, a portion of the consideration we are paid is designed as reimbursement for certain aircraft ownership costs and is considered lease revenue, including fixed monthly payments and variable payments. We recognize the fixed monthly lease payments as lease revenue using the straight-line basis over the capacity purchase agreement term and variable lease payments are recognized in the period when the block hours are completed. W e recognized 0.5 million of previously deferred lease revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024, using the straight-line basis for fixed monthly lease payments, whereas we deferred recognizing lease revenue on 19.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The deferred revenue balance applicable to each contract will be recorded as revenue over the term of each respective contract. For clarity, in total we recognized 18.7 million of previously deferred revenue, net of unbilled 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 revenue, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to deferring revenue, net of unbilled revenue, of 56.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our total deferred revenue balance, net of unbilled revenue, was 342.2 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to total deferred revenue, net of unbilled revenue, of 367.3 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase in prorate agreements and SWC revenue of 13.1 million, or 11.9 , was primarily due to an increase in prorate passengers and passenger revenue we received on routes we operated under our prorate agreements during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, a portion of the increase was attributed to an increase in SWC revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in lease, airport services and other revenues of 5.0 million, or 20.7 , was primarily due to an increase in leased assets and lease rates for leases to third parties during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Operating Expenses Individual expense components attributable to our operations are set forth in the following table (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Salaries, wages and benefits 377,435 333,017 44,418 13.3 Aircraft maintenance, materials and repairs 181,652 178,465 3,187 1.8 Depreciation and amortization 96,662 96,560 102 0.1 Aircraft fuel 22,724 23,330 (606) (2.6) Airport-related expenses 22,642 18,398 4,244 23.1 Aircraft rentals 1,339 2,099 (760) (36.2) Other operating expenses 78,897 65,011 13,886 21.4 Total operating expenses 781,351 716,880 64,471 9.0 Salaries, wages and benefits. The 44.4 million, or 13.3 , increase in salaries, wages and benefits was primarily due to an increase in direct labor costs that resulted from the higher number of flights we operated during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Aircraft maintenance, materials and repairs. The 3.2 million, or 1.8 , increase in aircraft maintenance expense was primarily due to higher flight volume, which increased our maintenance activity and related expenses, offset by a decrease in our engine maintenance events and related expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 . Depreciation and amortization. The 0.1 million, or 0.1 , increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense related to the acquisition of three new E175 aircraft and spare engines since September 30, 2023, offset by certain CRJ aircraft and engines that were depreciated to their estimated residual value since September 30, 2023. Aircraft fuel. The 0.6 million, or 2.6 , decrease in fuel cost was primarily due to a decrease in our average fuel cost per gallon from 3.83 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 3.10 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, offset by an increase in the number of flights we operated under our prorate agreements and SWC and the corresponding increase in gallons of fuel we purchased. We purchase and incur expense for all fuel on flights operated under our prorate agreements and SWC. All fuel costs incurred under our capacity purchase agreements are either purchased directly by our major airline partner, or if purchased by us, we record the direct reimbursement as a reduction to our fuel expense. The following table summarizes the gallons of fuel we purchased under our prorate agreements and SWC, for the periods indicated: 

 29 

Table of Contents 

For the three months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Fuel gallons purchased 7,336 6,097 20.3 Fuel expense 22,724 23,330 (2.6) Airport-related expenses. Airport-related expenses include airport-related customer service costs such as outsourced airport gate and ramp agent services, airport security fees, passenger interruption costs, deicing, landing fees and station rents. For clarity, our employee airport customer service labor costs are reflected in salaries, wages and benefits and customer service labor costs we outsource to third parties are included in airport-related expenses. The 4.2 million, or 23.1 , increase in airport-related expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to an increase in subcontracted airport services and landing fees as a result of an increase in the number of flights we operated under our prorate agreements. Aircraft rentals. The 0.8 million, or 36.2 , decrease in aircraft rentals was primarily related to a decrease in our leased aircraft since the three months ended September 30, 2023. During 2023, we acquired 26 CRJ700 aircraft, eight CRJ200 aircraft and one CRJ900 aircraft under early lease buyouts. Other operating expenses. Other operating expenses primarily consist of property taxes, hull and liability insurance, simulator costs, crew per diem and crew hotel costs. The 13.9 million, or 21.4 , increase was primarily a result of the higher number of flights we operated during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, such as increased crew per diem and crew hotel costs. Summary of interest expense, interest income, other income (loss), net and provision for income taxes Interest Expense. The 4.7 million, or 14.5 , decrease in interest expense was primarily related to a decrease in outstanding debt. At September 30, 2024 we had 2.7 billion of outstanding debt, compared to 3.1 billion at September 30, 2023. Interest income. Interest income increased 1.3 million, from 11.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 12.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in interest income was primarily related to an increase in average interest rates attributed to our marketable securities for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Other income (loss), net. Other income (loss), net increased 3.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Other income (loss), net primarily consists of the unrealized and realized gains and losses on our investments in other companies, income or loss related to our equity method investments and gains or losses on the sale of assets. The increase in other income (loss), net was primarily a result of a decrease in the loss on the fair value of our investments in other companies for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Provision (benefit) for income taxes. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective income tax rates were 22.8 and 3.6 , respectively, which included the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 and other reconciling income tax items, including state income taxes and the impact of non-deductible expenses. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily related to lower pre-tax income for the three months ended September 30, 2023, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2024, and a release of 7.6 million of a previously recorded uncertain tax position liability for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net income. Primarily due to the factors described above, we generated net income of 89.7 million, or 2.16 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 23.5 million, or 0.55 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Operational Statistics The following table sets forth our major operational statistics and the associated percentage changes for the periods identified below. The increase in block hours, departures and passengers carried during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to an increase in the number of available captains during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

For the nine months ended September 30, Block hours by aircraft type: 2024 2023 Change E175s 580,799 500,782 16.0 CRJ900s 61,172 59,390 3.0 CRJ700s 176,403 158,239 11.5 CRJ200s 123,348 131,278 (6.0) Total block hours 941,722 849,689 10.8 Departures 560,154 514,529 8.9 Passengers carried 31,103,792 28,671,654 8.5 Passenger load factor 83.0 83.7 (0.7) pts Average passenger trip length (miles) 467 456 2.4 Operating Revenues The following table summarizes our operating revenue for the periods indicated (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Flying agreements 2,499,953 2,106,130 393,823 18.7 Lease, airport services and other 83,565 77,515 6,050 7.8 Total operating revenues 2,583,518 2,183,645 399,873 18.3 Flying agreements revenue primarily consists of revenue earned on flights we operate under our capacity purchase agreements and prorate agreements with our major airline partners and on-demand charter flights. Lease, airport services and other revenues consist of revenue earned from leasing aircraft and spare engines to third parties separate from our capacity purchase agreements and providing airport counter, gate and ramp services. We disaggregate our flying agreements revenue into the following categories (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Capacity purchase agreements flight operations revenue 1,763,629 1,479,987 283,642 19.2 Capacity purchase agreements aircraft lease revenue 405,409 356,900 48,509 13.6 Prorate agreements and SWC revenue 330,915 269,243 61,672 22.9 Flying agreements revenue 2,499,953 2,106,130 393,823 18.7 The increase in Capacity purchase agreements flight operations revenue of 283.6 million, or 19.2 , was primarily due to a 10.8 increase in block hour production and a decrease in deferred revenue related to fixed monthly payments for flight operations received under our capacity purchase agreements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Under our capacity purchase agreements, we are paid a fixed amount per month per aircraft over the contract term. We recognize the fixed amount per aircraft related to operating the aircraft as revenue proportionately to the number of block hours we complete for each reporting period. Under our capacity purchase agreements, the performance obligation of each completed flight is measured in block hours incurred for each completed flight. Beginning January 1, 2024, certain scheduled fixed monthly payments 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 under our capacity purchase agreements transitioned to variable payments, which are calculated at a rate per block hour. Based on the number of completed block hours during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 23.6 million of previously deferred revenue, net of unbilled revenue, related to the non-lease fixed monthly payments we received associated with our flight operations revenues. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we deferred recognizing 120.6 million of revenue, net of unbilled revenue, related to fixed monthly payments received associated with our flight operations revenues. The timing of our revenue recognition related to the fixed payments associated with our flight operations will be adjusted over the remaining contract term for each capacity purchase agreement based on the number of block hours we complete each reporting period relative to the number of block hours we anticipate completing over the remaining contract term of each capacity purchase agreement. The increase in Capacity purchase agreements aircraft lease revenue of 48.5 million, or 13.6 , was primarily due to an increase in variable lease revenue as a result of certain scheduled fixed monthly lease payments that transitioned beginning January 1, 2024 to variable payments under our capacity purchase agreements. Under our capacity purchase agreements, a portion of the consideration we are paid is designed as reimbursement for certain aircraft ownership costs and is considered lease revenue, including fixed monthly payments and variable payments. We recognize the fixed monthly lease payments as lease revenue using the straight-line basis over the capacity purchase agreement term and variable lease payments are recognized in the period when the block hours are completed. W e recognized 1.5 million of previously deferred lease revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, using the straight-line basis for fixed monthly lease payments, whereas we deferred recognizing lease revenue on 59.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The deferred revenue balance applicable to each contract will be recorded as revenue over the term of each respective contract. For clarity, in total we recognized 25.1 million of previously deferred revenue, net of unbilled revenue, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to deferring revenue, net of unbilled revenue, of 179.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our total deferred revenue balance, net of unbilled revenue, was 342.2 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to total deferred revenue, net of unbilled revenue, of 367.3 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase in prorate agreements and SWC revenue of 61.7 million, or 22.9 , was primarily due to an increase in prorate passengers and passenger revenue we received on routes we operated under our prorate agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, a portion of the increase was attributed to an increase in SWC revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as SWC began operations in May 2023. The increase in lease, airport services and other revenues of 6.1 million, or 7.8 , was primarily due to an increase in leased assets and lease rates for leases to third parties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Operating Expenses Individual expense components attributable to our operations are set forth in the following table (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Salaries, wages and benefits 1,083,439 990,659 92,780 9.4 Aircraft maintenance, materials and repairs 510,334 483,182 27,152 5.6 Depreciation and amortization 289,346 287,878 1,468 0.5 Aircraft fuel 65,216 62,573 2,643 4.2 Airport-related expenses 61,065 53,648 7,417 13.8 Aircraft rentals 3,925 24,055 (20,130) (83.7) Other operating expenses 219,612 205,203 14,409 7.0 Total operating expenses 2,232,937 2,107,198 125,739 6.0 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Salaries, wages and benefits. The 92.8 million, or 9.4 , increase in salaries, wages and benefits was primarily due to an increase in direct labor costs that resulted from the higher number of flights we operated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Aircraft maintenance, materials and repairs. The 27.2 million, or 5.6 , increase in aircraft maintenance expense was primarily due to higher flight volume, which increased maintenance activity and related expenses, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . Depreciation and amortization. The 1.5 million, or 0.5 , increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense related to the acquisition of three new E175 aircraft and spare engines since September 30, 2023. Aircraft fuel. The 2.6 million, or 4.2 , increase in fuel cost was primarily due to an increase in the number of flights we operated under our prorate agreements and SWC and the corresponding increase in gallons of fuel we purchased, offset by a decrease in our average fuel cost per gallon from 3.71 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 3.30 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We purchase and incur expense for all fuel on flights operated under our prorate agreements and SWC. All fuel costs incurred under our capacity purchase agreements are either purchased directly by our major airline partner, or if purchased by us, we record the direct reimbursement as a reduction to our fuel expense. The following table summarizes the gallons of fuel we purchased under our prorate agreements and SWC, for the periods indicated: 

For the nine months ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Fuel gallons purchased 19,776 16,863 17.3 Fuel expense 65,216 62,573 4.2 Airport-related expenses. Airport-related expenses include airport-related customer service costs such as outsourced airport gate and ramp agent services, airport security fees, passenger interruption costs, deicing, landing fees and station rents. For clarity, our employee airport customer service labor costs are reflected in salaries, wages and benefits and customer service labor costs we outsource to third parties are included in airport-related expenses. The 7.4 million, or 13.8 , increase in airport-related expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to an increase in subcontracted airport services and landing fees as a result of an increase in the number of flights we operated under our prorate agreements. Aircraft rentals. The 20.1 million, or 83.7 , decrease in aircraft rentals was primarily related to a decrease in our leased aircraft since the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During 2023, we acquired 26 CRJ700 aircraft, eight CRJ200 aircraft and one CRJ900 aircraft under early lease buyouts. Other operating expenses. Other operating expenses primarily consist of property taxes, hull and liability insurance, simulator costs, crew per diem and crew hotel costs. The 14.4 million, or 7.0 , increase was primarily related to an increase in other operating costs as a result of the higher number of flights we operated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, such as crew per diem and crew hotel costs, offset by the timing and the higher number of training events during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Summary of interest expense, interest income, other income (loss), net and provision for income taxes Interest Expense. The 13.3 million, or 13.3 , decrease in interest expense was primarily related to a decrease in outstanding debt. At September 30, 2024 we had 2.7 billion of outstanding debt, compared to 3.1 billion at September 30, 2023. Interest income. Interest income increased 4.3 million, from 31.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 36.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in interest income was primarily related to an increase in average interest rates attributed to our marketable securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Other income (loss), net. Other income (loss), net decreased 9.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other income (loss), net primarily consists of the unrealized and realized gains and losses on our investments in other companies, income or loss related to our equity method investments and gains or losses on the sale of assets. The decrease in other income (loss), net was primarily a result of a decrease in the fair value of our investments in other companies for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Provision (benefit) for income taxes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective income tax rates were 24.4 and (6.0) , respectively, which included the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 and other reconciling income tax items, including state income taxes, the impact of non-deductible expenses and a discrete tax benefit or expense on employee equity transactions. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily related to higher pre-tax earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and a release of 7.6 million of a previously recorded uncertain tax position liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, partially offset by the impact of non-deductible expense on lower pre-tax earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Net income. Primarily due to the factors described above, we generated net income of 225.6 million, or 5.44 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 16.8 million, or 0.37 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our Business Segments Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had two reportable segments, which were the basis of our internal financial reporting: (1) the operations of SkyWest Airlines and SWC and (2) SkyWest Leasing activities. Our segment disclosure relates to components of our business for which separate financial information is available to, and regularly evaluated by, our chief operating decision maker. 

For the three months ended September 30, (dollar amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Operating Revenues: SkyWest Airlines and SWC 758,425 626,780 131,645 21.0 SkyWest Leasing 154,361 139,391 14,970 10.7 Total Operating Revenues 912,786 766,171 146,615 19.1 Operating Expenses and Interest Expense: SkyWest Airlines and SWC 715,514 657,049 58,465 8.9 SkyWest Leasing 93,645 92,374 1,271 1.4 Total Operating Expenses and Interest Expense (1) 809,159 749,423 59,736 8.0 Segment profit (loss): SkyWest Airlines and SWC 42,911 (30,269) 73,180 (241.8) SkyWest Leasing 60,716 47,017 13,699 29.1 Total Segment Profit 103,627 16,748 86,879 518.7 Interest Income 12,460 11,234 1,226 10.9 Other Income (Loss), net 109 (3,631) 3,740 (103.0) Consolidated Income Before Taxes 116,196 24,351 91,845 377.2 

 (1) We include interest expense in our segment profit (loss) given our interest expense is primarily attributed to debt associated with financing aircraft under our capacity purchase agreements and revenue earned under our capacity purchase agreements is intended to compensate us for our aircraft ownership costs, including interest expense. 
 SkyWest Airlines and SWC Segment Profit (Loss). SkyWest Airlines and SWC segment profit was 42.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a segment loss of 30.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 SkyWest Airlines and SWC block hour production increased to 334,459, or 15.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 290,830 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in the number of available captains, which allowed for a higher scheduled utilization of our aircraft. Significant items contributing to the SkyWest Airlines and SWC segment profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 are set forth below. SkyWest Airlines and SWC operating revenues increased 131.6 million, or 21.0 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023, to the three months ended September 30, 2024. SkyWest Airlines recognizes revenue attributed to flight operations received as fixed monthly payments per aircraft proportionate to the number of block hours completed during each reporting period, relative to the estimated number of block hours we anticipate completing over the remaining contract term. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, SkyWest Airlines recognized 18.2 million of previously deferred revenue, net of unbilled revenue, related to fixed monthly payments we received associated with our flight operations revenues, compared to deferring 37.2 million of revenue, net of unbilled revenue, related to fixed monthly payments received associated with our flight operations revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, the increase in SkyWest Airlines and SWC operating revenues was attributed to an increase in block hour production during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. SkyWest Airlines and SWC operating expenses and interest expense increased 58.5 million, or 8.9 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023, to the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to the following primary factors: SkyWest Airlines and SWC s salaries, wages and benefits expense increased 44.4 million, or 13.4 , primarily due to an increase in direct labor costs that resulted from the higher number of flights we operated during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. SkyWest Airlines and SWC s aircraft maintenance, materials and repairs expense decreased 0.6 million, or 0.3 , primarily due to a decrease in our engine maintenance events and related expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, offset by higher flight volume, which increased the other maintenance activity and related expenses, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. SkyWest Airlines and SWC s depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 0.2 million, or 0.6 , primarily due to certain CRJ aircraft and engines that were depreciated to their estimated residual value since September 30, 2023. SkyWest Airlines and SWC s fuel expense decreased 0.6 million, or 2.6 , due to a decrease in our average fuel cost per gallon from 3.83 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, to 3.10 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 , offset by an increase in the number of flights we operated under our prorate agreements and SWC and the corresponding increase in gallons of fuel we purchased. 
 SkyWest Airlines and SWC s remaining airline expense increased 15.5 million, or 17.2 , primarily related to an increase in other operating costs as a result of the higher number of flights we operated during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, such as crew per diem and crew hotel costs. 
 SkyWest Leasing Segment Profit. SkyWest Leasing profit increased 13.7 million, or 29.1 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 . For the three months ended September 30, 2024, SkyWest Leasing recognized 0.5 million of previously deferred lease revenue, compared to deferring 19.3 million of lease revenue on the fixed monthly lease payments received for the three months ended September 30, 2023, under the straight-line basis. Additionally, SkyWest Leasing profit increased due to additional lease revenue from the E175 aircraft placed under contract since September 30, 2023, a decrease in interest expense as a result of a lower outstanding debt balance for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, offset by an increase in maintenance costs for certain leased engines for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had two reportable segments, which were the basis of our internal financial reporting: (1) the operations of SkyWest Airlines and SWC and (2) SkyWest Leasing activities. Our segment disclosure relates to components of our business for which separate financial information is available to, and regularly evaluated by, our chief operating decision maker. 

For the nine months ended September 30, (dollar amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Operating Revenues: SkyWest Airlines and SWC 2,117,018 1,781,429 335,589 18.8 SkyWest Leasing 466,500 402,216 64,284 16.0 Total Operating Revenues 2,583,518 2,183,645 399,873 18.3 Operating Expenses and Interest Expense: SkyWest Airlines and SWC 2,041,710 1,923,688 118,022 6.1 SkyWest Leasing 277,830 283,391 (5,561) (2.0) Total Operating Expenses and Interest Expense (1) 2,319,540 2,207,079 112,461 5.1 Segment profit (loss): SkyWest Airlines and SWC 75,308 (142,259) 217,567 (152.9) SkyWest Leasing 188,670 118,825 69,845 58.8 Total Segment Profit (Loss) 263,978 (23,434) 287,412 (1,226.5) Interest Income 36,126 31,761 4,365 13.7 Other Income (Loss), net (1,567) 7,544 (9,111) (120.8) Consolidated Income Before Taxes 298,537 15,871 282,666 1,781.0 

 (1) We include interest expense in our segment profit (loss) given our interest expense is primarily attributed to debt associated with financing aircraft under our capacity purchase agreements and revenue earned under our capacity purchase agreements is intended to compensate us for our aircraft ownership costs, including interest expense. 
 SkyWest Airlines and SWC Segment Profit (Loss). SkyWest Airlines and SWC segment profit was 75.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a segment loss of 142.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. SkyWest Airlines and SWC block hour production increased to 941,722, or 10.8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 849,689 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in the number of available captains, which allowed for a higher scheduled utilization of our aircraft. Significant items contributing to the SkyWest Airlines and SWC segment profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are set forth below. SkyWest Airlines and SWC operating revenues increased 335.6 million, or 18.8 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. SkyWest Airlines recognizes revenue attributed to flight operations received as fixed monthly payments per aircraft proportionate to the number of block hours completed during each reporting period, relative to the estimated number of block hours we anticipate completing over the remaining contract term. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, SkyWest Airlines recognized 23.6 million of previously deferred revenue, net of unbilled revenue, related to fixed monthly payments we received associated with our flight operations revenues, compared to deferring 120.6 million of revenue, net of unbilled revenue, related to fixed monthly payments received associated with our flight operations revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, the increase in SkyWest Airlines and SWC operating revenues was attributed to an increase in block hour production during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 SkyWest Airlines and SWC operating expenses and interest expense increased 118.0 million, or 6.1 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to the following primary factors: SkyWest Airlines and SWC s salaries, wages and benefits expense increased 92.8 million, or 9.4 , primarily due to an increase in direct labor costs that resulted from the higher number of flights we operated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. SkyWest Airlines and SWC s aircraft maintenance, materials and repairs expense increased 20.1 million, or 4.3 , primarily due to higher flight volume, which increased the maintenance activity and related expenses, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. SkyWest Airlines and SWC s depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 3.3 million, or 2.9 , primarily due to certain CRJ aircraft and engines that were depreciated to their estimated residual value since September 30, 2023. SkyWest Airlines and SWC s fuel expense increased 2.6 million, or 4.2 , due to an increase in the number of flights we operated under our prorate agreements and SWC and the corresponding increase in gallons of fuel we purchased, offset by a decrease in our average fuel cost per gallon from 3.71 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 3.30 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 SkyWest Airlines and SWC s remaining airline expense increased 5.8 million, or 2.0 , primarily related to an increase in other operating costs as a result of the higher number of flights we operated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, such as crew per diem and crew hotel costs, offset by a decrease in aircraft rent expense due to the early lease buyouts of 35 CRJ aircraft in 2023. 
 SkyWest Leasing Segment Profit. SkyWest Leasing profit increased 69.8 million, or 58.8 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, SkyWest Leasing recognized 1.5 million of previously deferred lease revenue, compared to deferring 59.3 million of lease revenue on the fixed monthly lease payments received for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, under the straight-line basis. Additionally, SkyWest Leasing profit increased due to additional lease revenue from the E175 aircraft placed under contract since September 30, 2023, a decrease in interest expense as a result of a lower outstanding debt balance for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and a gain related to reclassifying assets held for sale as held and used during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, we had 836.0 million in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. As of September 30, 2024, we had 75.1 million available for borrowings under our line of credit. Given our available liquidity as of September 30, 2024, we believe the working capital currently available to us will be sufficient to meet our present financial requirements, including planned capital expenditures, scheduled lease payments and debt service obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our total cash and marketable securities increased from 835.2 million as of December 31, 2023 to 836.0 million as of September 30, 2024, or by 0.8 million. At September 30, 2024, our total capital mix was 51.3 equity and 48.7 long-term debt, compared to 45.2 equity and 54.8 long-term debt at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 0.5 million shares of our common stock for 38.4 million under share repurchase programs authorized by our Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, we had 47.1 million and 49.1 million, respectively, in letters of credit and surety bonds outstanding with various banks and surety institutions. We had no restricted cash as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 Sources and Uses of Cash Cash Position and Liquidity. The following table provides a summary of the net cash provided by (used in) our operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and our total cash and marketable securities positions as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Net cash provided by operating activities 506,565 511,907 (5,342) (1.0) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (119,001) 61,003 (180,004) (295.1) Net cash used in financing activities (358,232) (550,564) 192,332 (34.9) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Change Change Cash and cash equivalents 177,609 148,277 29,332 19.8 Marketable securities 658,433 686,946 (28,513) (4.2) Total 836,042 835,223 819 0.1 Cash Flows provided by Operating Activities Our cash flows provided by operating activities was 506.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 511.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our operating cash flows are typically impacted by various factors including our net income, adjusted for non-cash expenses and gains such as depreciation expense, stock-based compensation expense and gains or losses on the disposal of assets; and timing of cash payments and cash receipts attributed to our various current asset and liability accounts, such as accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, deferred revenue and unbilled revenue. The decrease in our cash flow from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to the timing of cash payments on our current liability accounts and a decrease in cash received in excess of revenue recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, offset by the increase in net income, adjusted for non-cash items, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash Flows provided by (used in) Investing Activities Our cash flows used in investing activities was 119.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash flows provided by investing activities of 61.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our investing cash flows are typically impacted by various factors including our capital expenditures, such as the acquisition of aircraft and spare engines; deposit payments and refunds of previously made deposits on new aircraft; purchase and sales of marketable securities; proceeds from the sale of assets; and timing of cash payments and cash receipts attributed to our various long-term asset and long-term liability accounts. Excluding the purchase and sale of marketable securities, which results in the transfer of dollars between our investments in marketable securities and our cash accounts, our cash used in investing activities decreased from 192.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 147.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in cash used in investing activities, excluding the transfer of dollars between our investments in marketable securities and our cash accounts, was primarily due to a decrease of 55.5 million in aircraft deposits and 12.0 million in the acquisition of property and equipment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to the early lease buyouts we executed during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was offset by an increase in our cash used to acquire other long-term assets , including our investment in Contour, fo r the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows provided by (used in) Financing Activities Our cash flows used in financing activities was 358.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash used in financing activities of 550.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our financing cash flows are typically impacted by various factors including proceeds from issuance of debt, principal payments on debt obligations, repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends. The 192.3 million decrease in cash used for financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to a decrease of 207.8 million in cash used to purchase treasury stock, offset by an increase of 7.0 million in principal payments on long-term debt and an increase of 6.3 million for employee income taxes paid on vested equity awards during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Significant Commitments and Obligations General See Note 7, Leases, Commitments and Contingencies, to the condensed consolidated financial statements for our commitments and obligations for each of the next five years and thereafter. Purchase Commitments and Options As of September 30, 2024, we had a firm purchase commitment for 20 new E175 aircraft from Embraer with delivery dates anticipated into 2026. We also have a firm purchase commitment to purchase 11 used CRJ550 aircraft with anticipated delivery dates into 2025. One of such CR550 aircraft was acquired during the three months ended September, 30, 2024. At the time of each aircraft acquisition, we evaluate the financing alternatives available to us, and select one or more of these methods to fund the acquisition. In recent years, we have issued long-term debt to finance our new aircraft. At present, we intend to fund our aircraft purchase commitments through a combination of cash on hand and debt financing. Based on current market conditions and discussions with prospective leasing organizations and financial institutions, we currently believe that we will be able to obtain financing for our committed acquisitions, as well as additional aircraft. We intend to finance the firm purchase commitment for 20 E175 aircraft with approximately 75-85 debt and the remaining balance with cash. We intend to fund the purchase of the remaining 10 used CRJ550 aircraft through cash on hand. Aircraft Lease and Facility Obligations We also have long-term lease obligations, primarily relating to our facilities, aircraft and engines. Excluding aircraft financed by our major airline partners that we operate for them under contract, we had eight aircraft under lease with remaining terms ranging from five years to six years as of September 30, 2024. Future minimum lease payments due under all long-term operating leases were approximately 127.6 million at September 30, 2024. Assuming a 6.3 discount rate, which is the average incremental borrowing rate we anticipate we would have incurred on debt obtained over a similar term to acquire these assets, the present value of these lease obligations would have been equal to approximately 85.3 million at September 30, 2024. Long-term Debt Obligations As of September 30, 2024, we had 2.7 billion of long-term debt, which consisted of 2.5 billion of debt used to finance aircraft and spare engines and 200.6 million of unsecured debt payable to U.S. Department of the Treasury. The average effective interest rate on our debt was approximately 4.1 at September 30, 2024. Under our capacity purchase agreements, our major airline partners compensate us for our costs of owning or leasing the aircraft on a monthly basis. The aircraft compensation structure varies by agreement, but is intended to cover either our aircraft principal and interest debt service costs, our aircraft depreciation and interest expense or our aircraft lease expense costs while the aircraft is under contract. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Guarantees We have guaranteed the obligations of SkyWest Airlines under the United Express Agreement and the Delta Connection Agreement for the E175 aircraft. In addition, we have guaranteed certain other obligations under SkyWest Airlines aircraft financing and leasing agreements. We have guaranteed 25.6 million in promissory notes of third parties in event the third parties default on their payments. The third parties loans are secured by aircraft and engines. Seasonality Our results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of those for an entire year, because the airline industry is subject to seasonal fluctuations and general economic conditions. Our operations are somewhat favorably affected by increased travel on our prorate routes, historically occurring during the summer months, and unfavorably affected by decreased travel during the months of November through February and by inclement weather, which may occasionally or frequently, depending on the severity of the inclement weather in any given winter, result in cancelled flights during the winter months. ITEM 3: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Aircraft Fuel In the past, we have not experienced sustained material difficulties with fuel availability, and we currently expect to be able to obtain fuel at prevailing prices in quantities sufficient to meet our future needs. Pursuant to our contract flying arrangements, United, Delta, American and Alaska have agreed to bear the economic risk of fuel price fluctuations on our contracted flights. We bear the economic risk of fuel price fluctuations on our prorate and SWC operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 13.2 of our total flying agreements revenue was derived from prorate agreements and SWC. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the average price per gallon of aircraft fuel was 3.30. For illustrative purposes only, we have estimated the impact of the market risk of fuel price fluctuations on our prorate and SWC operations using a hypothetical increase of 25 in the price per gallon we purchase. Based on this hypothetical assumption, we would have incurred an additional 16.3 million in fuel expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Interest Rates As of September 30, 2024, our long-term debt had fixed interest rates. We currently intend to finance the acquisition of aircraft through manufacturer financing or long-term borrowings. Changes in interest rates may impact our actual cost to acquire future aircraft. To the extent we place new aircraft in service under our capacity purchase agreements with United, Delta, American, Alaska or other carriers, our capacity purchase agreements currently provide that reimbursement rates will be adjusted to reflect the interest rates effective at the closing of the respective aircraft financing. A hypothetical 50 basis point change in market interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial results. Labor and Inflation Risk The global economy has experienced, and continues to experience high rates of inflation. We cannot predict how long these inflationary pressures will continue, or how they may change over time, but we expect to see continued impacts on the global economy and our Company. As a result, our costs have become, and we expect they will continue to be, subject to significant inflationary pressures, and we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases under our capacity purchase agreements. Salaries, wages and benefits expense represented 48.5 of our total operating expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For illustrative purposes, a hypothetical increase of 25 to our salaries, wages and benefits during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, would have increased our operating expenses by approximately 270.9 million. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Our inability or failure to offset a material increase in costs due to inflation and/or labor costs could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Additionally, in the event we are unable to hire and retain qualified pilots or other operational personnel, including flight attendants and maintenance technicians, we may be unable to operate requested flight schedules under our capacity purchase agreements, which could result in a reduction in revenue and operating inefficiencies, such as incremental new-hire training costs, and could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, which have been designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, those controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are subject to certain legal actions which we consider routine to our business activities. As of September 30, 2024, our management believed, after consultation with legal counsel, that the ultimate outcome of such legal matters was not likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity or results of operations. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this Report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in our other filings with the SEC, which factors could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks described in our reports filed with the SEC are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2 . UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Our Board of Directors has adopted stock repurchase programs which authorize us to repurchase shares of our common stock in the public market or in private transactions, from time to time, at prevailing prices. Our current stock repurchase program was authorized in May 2023 for the repurchase of up to 250.0 million of our common stock. At September 30, 2024, 52.5 million remains available under the May 2023 authorization. The following table summarizes the repurchases under our stock purchase program during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 

Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program (1) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in Thousands) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 62,253 80.27 62,253 63,851 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 137,252 72.23 137,252 53,937 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 17,926 77.63 17,926 52,545 Total 217,431 74.98 217,431 52,545 

 (1) In May 2023, our Board of Directors approved a stock purchase program, which superseded our prior repurchase program and authorized us to repurchase up to 250.0 million of our common stock. Purchases are made at management s discretion based on market conditions and financial resources. As of September 30, 2024, we had repurchased 4,779,973 shares of our common stock for 197.5 million and had 52.5 million remaining availability under the May 2023 authorization . 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a or , as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on November 18, 2005). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of SkyWest Inc., effective August 6, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2024). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on November 1, 2024. 

SKYWEST, INC. By /s/ Robert J. Simmons Robert J. Simmons Chief Financial Officer 

 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 skyw-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Russell A. Childs, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SkyWest, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. ay 

Date: November 1, 2024 /s/ Russell A. Childs Russell A. Childs Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 skyw-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Robert J. Simmons, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SkyWest, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2024 /s/ Robert J. Simmons Robert J. Simmons Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 skyw-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SkyWest, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Russell A. Childs, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Russell A. Childs Russell A. Childs Chief Executive Officer and President November 1, 2024 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 skyw-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SkyWest, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert J. Simmons, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Robert J. Simmons Robert J. Simmons Chief Financial Officer November 1, 2024 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 skyw-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 skyw-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 skyw-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 skyw-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

