<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1662774_0001662774-24-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11059038</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>422946</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3867126</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2892319</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2001149</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1720876</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001662774-24-000011.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113170923
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001662774-24-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quince Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001662774
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				901024039
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38890
		FILM NUMBER:		241455572

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		611 GATEWAY BLVD., SUITE 273
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-910-5717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		611 GATEWAY BLVD., SUITE 273
		CITY:			SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94080

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cortexyme, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001662774-24-000011.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 qncx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

qncx-20240930 
 
 Table of Content 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 ________________________________________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Content 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 11 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 51 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 105 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 105 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 105 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 105 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 106 
 Signatures 
 107 
 
 1 

Table of Content 

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, drug candidates, planned preclinical studies and clinical trials, research and development costs, regulatory approvals, timing and likelihood of success, as well as plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "would," "expect," "objective," "plan," "potential," "seek," "grow," "target," "if," and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks described in the section titled Risk Factors set forth in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur, and actual results may differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our ability to successfully execute on our current strategic direction; 
 future research and development activities, including the scope, success, cost and timing of any future development activities, preclinical studies and clinical trials, including clinical trials of EryDex or other pipeline compounds we advance through the drug development process; 
 the timing and focus of any potential future clinical trials, and the reporting of data from those trials; 
 our ability and timing of seeking and obtaining FDA and any other regulatory approvals for our drug candidates; 
 the willingness of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to accept any future completed or planned clinical and preclinical studies and other work, as the basis for review and approval of our drug candidates for their respective indications; 
 whether regulatory authorities determine that additional trials or data are necessary in order to accept a new drug application for review and/or approval; 
 the ability of any future clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy of our EryDex and other drug candidates, and other positive results; 
 our financial performance; 
 the sufficiency of our existing cash and cash equivalents to fund our future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements; 
 the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements, and needs for additional financing; 
 our expectations related to the use of our available cash; 
 our ability to service our debt obligations and maintain compliance with associated covenants 
 our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to develop and commercialize our drug candidates; 
 our expectations regarding the potential market size and the size of the patient populations for our drug candidates, if approved for commercial use, and the potential market opportunities for commercializing our drug candidates; 
 our plans relating to commercializing our drug candidates, if approved; 
 our plans and ability to establish sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any drug candidates for which we obtain approval; 
 2 

Table of Content 

 our ability to attract and retain key scientific and clinical personnel, in light of recent management changes and reduction in force; 
 our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately; 
 our reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates, and for the manufacture of our drug candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 dependence upon the integrity of our supply chain, including multiple single-source suppliers; 
 our reliance on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials and components; 
 our ability to expand our drug candidates into additional indications and patient populations; 
 the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 
 the beneficial characteristics, safety and efficacy of our drug candidates; 
 governmental or regulatory delays, information requests, clinical holds, and regulatory developments in the United States and other jurisdictions; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our drug candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations and/or warnings in the label of any approved drug candidate; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain CE Certificates of conformity for the medical device components of our EryDex System in accordance with applicable legislation governing medical devices; 
 our ability to transition CE Certifications under the previous Medical Device Directive, to a regulatory framework under MDR; 
 our plans and ability to obtain or protect intellectual property rights, including extensions of existing patent terms where available; 
 the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our drug candidates and technology; 
 potential claims relating to our intellectual property; 
 our ability to grow our organization and increase the size of our facilities to meet our anticipated growth; and 
 our ability to maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for our drug candidates. We obtained the industry, market and similar data set forth in this report from our own internal estimates and research and from academic and industry research, publications, surveys and studies conducted by third parties, including governmental agencies. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are assumed in this information. While we believe that the data we use from third parties are reliable, we have not separately verified these data. Further, while we believe our internal research is reliable, such research has not been verified by any third party. You are cautioned not to give undue weight to any such information, projections and estimates. 
 3 

Table of Content 

 DEFINED TERMS 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references to Quince, the Company, we, us, or our in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refer to Quince Therapeutics, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We also have used several other terms in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, most of which are explained or defined below. 
 Abbreviated Term Defined Term 2017 Tax Act Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 3PLs Third-party Logistics Providers AE Adverse Event AIA Leahy-Smith America Invents Act AIDE Autologous Intracellular Drug Encapsulation ANDA Abbreviated New Drug Application ARB Angiotensin Receptor Blockers ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update A-T Ataxia-Telangiectasia ATTeST Ataxia Telangiectasia Trial with the EryDex System 
 CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act C-GIC Clinical Global Impression of Change Cmax The highest (peak) concentration of a drug in the bloodstream or other part of the body after drug administration CMC Chemistry Manufacturing Controls CMO Contract Manufacturing Organization CMS Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services the Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended COSO framework Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COVID-19 Coronavirus disease CPA Certified Public Accountant Credits Tax credits CRO Contract Research Organization CTA Clinical Trial Application Debt Agreement 
 Unsecured line of credit agreement between EryDel and the European Investment Bank, which the Company assumed on October 20, 2023 in connection with the EryDel Acquisition 
 DMD Duchenne muscular dystrophy DOJ United States Department of Justice DSMB Data Safety Monitoring Board DSP Dexamethasone Sodium Phosphate EC European Commission EMA European Medicines Agency EryDel Quince Therapeutics, S.p.A (previously named EryDel S.p.A.) EryDex Red blood cell encapsulated dexamethasone sodium phosphate EryDex System 
 Automated combination product to encapsulate dexamethasone sodium phosphate in Red blood cells EIB 
 European Investment Bank 
 EU European Union 
 4 

Table of Content 

 EIB Loan 
 Unsecured line of credit between EryDel and the European Investment Bank 
 EryKit Consumable sterile kit component of the EryDex System Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCPA Foreign Assets Controls, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 FDA United States Food and Drug Administration GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GCP Good Clinical Practice GDPR General Data Protection Regulation GLP Good Laboratory Practice GMP Good Manufacturing Practice HHS United States Department of Health and Human Services HIPAA Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HITECH Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HPA Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal (HPA) Axis HTA Health Technology Assessment ICARS International Cooperative Ataxia Rating Scale IND Investigational New Drug IPO Initial Public Offering IPR D In-process Research and Development IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRB Institutional Review Board ITT Intent To Treat Jefferies Jefferies LLC Lighthouse Lighthouse Pharmaceuticals, Inc. LSM Least Square Mean MAA Marketing Authorization Application MAD Multiple Ascending Dose MDD Medical Devices Directive MDR Medical Devices Regulation 2017/745 mICARS Modified International Cooperative Ataxia Rating Scale MHRA United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency MPEEM Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method Nasdaq The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC NCE New Chemical Entity NDA New Drug Application NEAT EryDex Phase 3 Trial (Neurologic Effects of EryDex on Subjects with A-T) NIH National Institute of Health NOL Net Operating Loss Novosteo Novosteo, Inc. PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCT Patent Cooperation Treaty PD Pharmacodynamic PDMA Prescription Drug Marketing Act Process solutions (Hypotonic Solutions 1 2 and Hypertonic Solution PIGPA) sterile solutions to allow drug encapsulation and restoring the physiological osmolarity during EryDex process 
 5 

Table of Content 

 PP Per Protocol Population is all patients who enrolled into the study and fulfilled all inclusion/exclusion criteria, did not have any major protocol violations, and completed the initial treatment period of the study as planned. PK Pharmacokinetic PPACA Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 PRF Purdue Research Foundation PTE Patent Term Extension R D Research and Development RCL Red Cell Loader, the machine that encapsulates drug into red blood cells Registrational or pivotal trial An adequate and well-controlled trial designed to be sufficient to apply for regulatory approval of a drug candidate, although notwithstanding the Company s design a regulatory agency may determine that further clinical studies or data are required RmICARS Rescored modified International Cooperative Ataxia Rating Scale RBC Red Blood Cell RSA Restricted Stock Awards RSU Restricted Stock Units SAD Single Ascending Dose SAE Serious Adverse Event Sarbanes-Oxley Act The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SEC United States Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933 SPA Special Protocol Assessment Syringe Kit Device for anticoagulated blood collection and for the sterile connection to the EryKit TCA Trade and Cooperation Agreement TEAE Treatment-Emergent Adverse Effect UPC Unified Patent Court USPTO The United States Patent and Trademark Office VA Veterans Affairs 
 6 

Table of Content 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 QUINCE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands except share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Short-term contingent consideration Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term contingent consideration Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value, authorized, shares of which are designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock), shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Content 

 QUINCE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Goodwill impairment charge Intangible asset impairment charge Fair value adjustment for contingent consideration ) Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Fair value adjustment for long-term debt ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Net loss before income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Content 

 QUINCE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Accumulated Total Stockholders' Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Stock based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale investments Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units Restricted stock award retirement ) ) ) Stock based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale investments Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Content 

 QUINCE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Additional 
 Paid in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income / (Loss) 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total Stockholders' 
 Equity 
 Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units Stock based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale investments Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock on exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units Restricted stock award retirement ) ) ) Stock based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale investments Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Content 

 QUINCE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net Loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock based compensation Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss on operating lease Loss on disposal of fixed assets Equity investment in Lighthouse, Inc. ) Change in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities Change in fair value of long-term debt Non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge Amortization of discount on available-for-sale investments ) ) Change in deferred tax liabilities due to acquisition of Novosteo, Inc. ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Right of use assets, operating leases and operating lease liabilities ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flow from investing activities: Purchase of investments ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investments Note receivable ) Proceeds from disposal of assets Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment of contingent consideration 
 ) Payments of finance leases ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of non-cash information: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use asset and financing lease liability reduction as a result of lease modification ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Content 

 QUINCE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 million. Since inception through September 30, 2024, the Company has funded operations primarily with the net proceeds from the issuance of convertible promissory notes, from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, from the net proceeds from the Company s initial public offering (the IPO and from the net proceeds of the private investment in public equity transaction PIPE Financing ). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of million, which it believes will be sufficient to fund its planned operations into the first quarter of 2026, a period that is at least 12 months from the date of the issuance of the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 In connection with the acquisition of EryDel on October 20, 2023 (the EryDel Acquisition ), the Company assumed an unsecured line of credit between EryDel and the European Investment Bank (the EIB Loan ). As of September 30, 2024, the principal of million euros million) was outstanding on the EIB Loan. The Debt Agreement requires the Company to maintain a minimum cash balance of million euros million) until the outstanding obligations under the Debt Agreement, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the agreement, is repaid in full (the Minimum Cash Covenant Furthermore, the Company may at any time voluntarily prepay, in whole or in part, together with certain fees as set forth in the Debt Agreement, the outstanding obligations under the Debt Agreement. In the event of a default or a change in control, as specified in the Debt Agreement, EIB may, subject to certain grace periods, accelerate the outstanding obligations under the EIB Loan. 
 In November 2024, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment of the Debt Agreement with EIB which waives the Minimum Cash Covenant from January 1, 2025 and up to the earlier of December 31, 2025, or the date the Minimum Cash Covenant is restored. Under the terms of the Amendment, the Company agreed to amendments requiring monthly reporting of cash balances and additional limitations on certain permitted acquisitions. Additionally, during the waiver period, the Company agreed to convert of the total deferred interest on Tranches A and B to be payable quarterly, with the first payment due on March 31, 2025, and a one-time fee of euros in connection with the Amendment. 
 Management expects to incur additional losses in the future to fund the Company's operations and conduct product research and development and may need to raise additional capital to fully implement its business plan. The Company may raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities, debt financings or other sources including out-licensing or partnerships, in order to further implement its business plan. However, if such financing is not available when needed and 
 12 

Table of Content 

Note 2. 
 
 13 

Table of Content 

 Significant Accounting Policies 
 There have been no significant changes to the accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 reportable and operating segment, which is the business of developing and commercializing therapeutics. The Company s chief executive officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating and evaluating financial performance. All long-lived assets are maintained in Italy. 
 14 

Table of Content 

 million as the quantitative analysis resulted in the Company's fair value being significantly below its carrying value during the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 million adjustment to decrease the fair value of its contingent consideration related to the acquisition of EryDel. During the nine 
 15 

Table of Content 

 million adjustment to increase the fair value of its contingent consideration related to the acquisition of EryDel. The adjustment is reflected within operating loss on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations may result from changes in probability assumptions with respect to the likelihood of achieving the various contingent payment obligations. Significant increases or decreases in the inputs noted above in isolation would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. 
 
 Note 3. 
 16 

Table of Content 

 Government and agency notes Total Assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration Long-term debt Total 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Money market funds Certificates of Deposit Government and agency notes Total Assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration Long-term debt Total 
 17 

Table of Content 

 Payout of contingent earnout based on milestone achievement ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration Ending Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company enrolled the first patient in the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial. In accordance with the purchase agreement entered into in connection with EryDel Acquisition, the Company notified the former EryDel shareholders of this achievement within 45 days of achieving this milestone. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid the cash milestone payment of million to the former EryDel shareholders. 
 The change in the fair value of the contingent consideration is primarily driven by the cash milestone payment of million to the former EryDel shareholders, and the passage of time. The Company owes no further payments to EryDel shareholders for development-related milestones. The remaining potential contingent payments in connection with the EryDel Acquisition pertain to regulatory on market and sales milestones. 
 Expected present value Probability of achieving earnout objectives per the purchase agreement - 
 
 Long-term Debt 
 Change in fair value Due to foreign currency translation Ending Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 18 

Table of Content 

 Expected present value Credit quality of company and credit spreads for comparable debt 
 
 Note 4. 
 Money market funds Government and agency notes Total cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments: Certificates of deposit Government and agency notes Total short-term investments 
 The Company's investments are classified as available-for-sale securities. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining contractual maturities of available-for-sale securities was approximately months. The unrealized gain (loss) activity related to the Company s available-for-sale securities is included in the Company s accumulated other comprehensive income. There were significant realized gains or losses recognized on the sale or maturity of available-for-sale securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and as a result, the Company did t reclassify any amounts out of accumulated other comprehensive income. Based on the Company s review of its available-for-sale securities, the Company has no available-for-sale securities in loss positions as of September 30, 2024. No other-than-temporary impairments on these securities were recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The Company periodically assess its investment in available-for-sale securities for impairment losses and credit losses. The amount of credit losses are determined by comparing the difference between the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected on these securities and the amortized cost. Factors considered in assessing credit losses include the position in the capital structure, vintage and amount of collateral, delinquency rates, current credit support, and geographic concentration. There have been impairment and credit losses related to available-for-sale securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 For available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value and recognized in interest and other income, net in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. If neither criteria is met, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value is related to credit-related factors or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. Credit-related impairment losses, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis, are recorded through an allowance for credit losses in interest and other income, net. 
 19 

Table of Content 

 Government and agency notes Total cash equivalents and investments Classified as: Cash equivalents (original maturities within 90 days) Short-term investments (maturities within one year) Total cash equivalents and investments 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair Value Money market funds Certificates of Deposit ) Government and agency notes ) Total cash equivalents and investments ) Classified as: Cash equivalents (original maturities within 90 days) Short-term investments (maturities within one year) Total 
 
 Note 5. 
 Short-term Italian research and development refundable tax credit Prepaid insurance Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 20 

Table of Content 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 respectively, and reductions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Novosteo Pty, Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novosteo, LLC, is eligible to obtain a cash refund from the Australian Taxation Office for eligible R D expenditures under the Australian Tax Incentive. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received refundable tax credit. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company received a refundable tax credit of million, which reduced prepaid expenses and other current assets by million as of March 31, 2023. 
 Other Assets 
 VAT receivable Equity investments in Lighthouse Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Assets held for sale Total other assets 
 Property and Equipment, Net 
 Computer Software Lab equipment Leasehold improvement Office furniture Less: accumulated amortization and depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Research and development expenses Professional fees Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 21 

Table of Content 

 Incurred during the period Severance paid during the period ) ) Ending accrued severance 
 On January 30, 2023, in response to the reprioritization of the Company's pipeline following the decision to discontinue internal development of NOV004 and to pursue out-licensing opportunities, the Company's Board of Directors approved a cost reduction program to reorganize operations and allow continued support for the needs of the business. Under the cost reduction program, the Company lowered headcount through a reduction in workforce. The Company recognized the severance of million and related expenses of million over the requisite employment obligation period. The reduction in force was completed in April 2023. 
 On August 4, 2023, the Company entered into a transition and separation agreement with Karen Smith, M.D., Ph.D., (the Separation Agreement in connection with Dr. Smith s transition and departure from the Company as the Company's Chief Medical Officer, effective as of September 1, 2023. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, the Company is required to pay cash severance, equal to her annual salary, in the aggregate amount of million, of which million was paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The severance is to be paid on regular payroll schedule through the third quarter of 2024. Additionally, pursuant to the Separation Agreement, the Company paid an additional cash bonus severance payment equal to of Dr. Smith s target annual bonus opportunity for 2023 on a prorated basis, an additional cash severance payment equal to 12 months of the monthly premiums for health care continuation benefits, and provided for accelerated vesting with respect to Dr. Smith s equity award. The acceleration of options and RSAs resulted in a stock-based compensation expense of approximately million that was recorded in 2023. 
 
 Note 6. 
 million. This includes a lease agreement renting office space in Bresso, in the Province of Milan, Italy. The Lease Agreement commenced on September 1, 2016 and will end on August 31, 2028. At acquisition date, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and liability of million. This also includes a lease agreement renting office space in Medolla, in the Province of Modena, Italy. The Lease Agreement commenced on June 18, 2018, with a duration of years, until January 31, 2030. At acquisition date, the Company recorded an operating lease right of use asset and liability of million. The acquired lease agreements also included other operating leases of which are car leases and the other a printing press. 
 In January 2024, the above-mentioned Lease Agreement for the office space in Medolla was renegotiated. The new Lease Agreement includes an additional space and commenced on February 1, 2024, and will end on January 31, 2036, substituting the Lease Agreement commenced in June 2018. The Company recorded an additional million of operating lease right of use asset and liability during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Company recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of its operating lease. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded rent expense of million. 
 22 

Table of Content 

 Liabilities: Short-term operating lease liability Long-term operating lease liability Total lease liabilities Other information: Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total remaining lease liability 
 
 Note 7. 
 preferred share purchase right (a Right for each outstanding share of the common stock of the Company. The dividend was effective as of April 17, 2023 (the Record Date with respect to stockholders of record on that date. The Rights also attached to shares of common stock issued after the Record Date. Each Right entitled the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value per share, (the Preferred Shares ), of the Company at a price of 6.00 per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share, subject to adjustment. 
 On April 5, 2024, the Rights Plan and the Rights issued thereunder expired. 
 
 Note 8. 
 stock plans as of September 30, 2024: 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (Quince) 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (Novosteo) 
 2022 Inducement Plan (Quince) 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (Quince) 
 On December 4, 2014, the Company s stockholders approved the 2014 Stock Plan 2014 Plan ), and on April 25, 2019 amended, restated and re-named the 2014 Plan as the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Quince 2019 Plan ), which became effective as of May 7, 2019, the day prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO. The remaining shares available for issuance under the 2014 Plan were added to the shares reserved for issuance under the Quince 2019 Plan. 
 23 

Table of Content 

 shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, the number of shares available for issuance under the Quince 2019 Plan will be annually increased on the first day of each fiscal years beginning with fiscal 2020, by an amount equal to the least of (i) shares of common stock; (ii) of the outstanding shares of its common stock as of the last day of its immediately preceding fiscal year; and (iii) such other amount as the Board may determine. 
 The Quince 2019 Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Board at any time, provided such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant, subject to stockholder approval of any amendment to the Quince 2019 Plan as required by applicable law or listing requirements. Unless sooner terminated by the Company's Board of Directors, the 2019 Plan will automatically terminate on April 23, 2029. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares available for future issuance under the Quince 2019 Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options under the 2019 Plan may be granted for periods of up to years and at prices no less than of the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. If, at the time of grant, the optionee directly owns stocks representing more than of the voting power of all our outstanding capital stock, the exercise price for these options must be at least of the fair value of the underlying common stock. Stock options granted to employees and non-employees generally have a maximum term of and vest over from the vesting commencement date, of which vest on the anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and vest in equal monthly installments over the remaining or monthly vesting over to years. We may grant options with different vesting terms from time to time. Unless an employee's or non-employee's termination is due to cause, disability or death, upon termination of service, any unexercised vested options will be forfeited at the end of the from the termination date or expiration of the option, whichever is earlier. 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options cancelled / forfeited ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Options vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to options granted to employees and non-employees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to options granted to employees and non-employees. 
 The compensation expense is allocated on a departmental basis, based on the classification of the option holder. income tax benefits have been recognized in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for stock-based compensation arrangements. As of September 30, 2024, total unamortized employee stock-based compensation was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining estimated vesting period of years. 
 24 

Table of Content 

 year period. 
 RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs cancelled Unvested - September 30, 2024 
 The fair value of the RSUs is determined on the grant date based on the fair value of the Company s common stock. The fair value of the RSUs is recognized as expense ratably over the vesting period of . 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of and thousand, respectively, related to these RSUs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of thousand and thousand respectively, related to these RSUs. As of September 30, 2024, total unamortized stock-based compensation related to RSUs was . 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (Novosteo) 
 On May 19, 2022, in accordance with the term of the Merger Agreement, the Company assumed the 2019 Novosteo, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (the "2019 Novosteo Plan"). The 2019 Novosteo Plan provides for the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs, performance units, and performance shares to the Novosteo legacy employees. On the closing date, each outstanding Novosteo stock option granted under Novosteo s equity compensation plans was converted into a corresponding stock option with the number of shares underlying such option and the applicable exercise price adjusted based on the exchange ratio of . Each such converted stock option continues to be subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding Novosteo stock option prior to the Acquisition. The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2019 Novosteo Plan is shares of the Company s common stock. 
 The 2019 Novosteo Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Board at any time, provided such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant, subject to stockholder approval of any amendment to the 2019 Novosteo Plan as required by applicable law or listing requirements. Unless sooner terminated by the Board, the 2019 Novosteo Plan will automatically terminate on May 20, 2029. 
 Stock options under the 2019 Novosteo Plan may be granted for periods of up to years and at prices no less than of the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. If, at the time of grant, the optionee directly owns stocks representing more than of the voting power of all our outstanding capital stock, the exercise price for these options must be at least of the fair value of the underlying common stock. Stock options granted to employees and non-employees generally have a maximum term of and vest over from the vesting commencement date, of which vest on the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and vest in equal monthly installments over the remaining three years or monthly vesting over to years. We may grant options with different vesting terms from time to time. Unless an employee's or non-employee's termination is due to cause, disability or death, upon termination of service, any unexercised vested options will be forfeited at the end of the three months from the termination date or expiration of the option, whichever is earlier. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares available for future issuance under the 2019 Novosteo Plan. 
 25 

Table of Content 

 Options granted Options exercised ) Options cancelled / forfeited Balance as of September 30, 2024 Options vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of thousand and thousand, respectively, related to options granted to employees and non-employees for the 2019 Novosteo Plan. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of thousand and thousand, respectively, related to options granted to employees and non-employees for the 2019 Novosteo Plan. The compensation expense is allocated on a departmental basis, based on the classification of the option holder. No income tax benefits have been recognized in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for stock-based compensation arrangements. As of September 30, 2024, total unamortized employee stock-based compensation was thousand, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining estimated vesting period of years. 
 On May 19, 2022, in accordance with the term of the Merger Agreement, the Company assumed a number of restricted stock award ("RSA") agreements with certain employees. Each outstanding Novosteo RSA was converted into a corresponding RSA with the number of shares underlying such RSA adjusted into shares of common stock. Each such converted RSA will continue to be subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding Novosteo RSA prior to the Acquisition. 
 RSAs granted RSAs vested ) RSAs cancelled Unvested - September 30, 2024 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to restricted stock awards. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to restricted stock awards. The compensation expense is allocated on a departmental basis, based on the classification of the award holder. No income tax benefits have been recognized in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for stock-based compensation arrangements. As of September 30, 2024, total unamortized employee stock-based compensation was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining estimated vesting period of years. 
 26 

Table of Content 

 shares of common stock that may be offered or issued under the Quince Therapeutics, Inc. 2022 Inducement Plan (the "2022 Inducement Plan"). The 2022 Inducement Plan was adopted by the independent members of the Board without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules Nasdaq Rule 5635(c)(4) ). In accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5635(c)(4), awards under those plans may only be made to an employee who has not previously been an employee or member of the Board of Directors or of any board of directors of any parent or subsidiary of the Company, or following a bona fide period of non-employment by the Company or a parent or subsidiary, if he or she is granted such award in connection with his or her commencement of employment with the Company or a subsidiary and such grant is an inducement material to his or her entering into employment with the Company or such subsidiary. The terms and conditions of the 2022 Inducement Plan are substantially similar to those of the Quince 2019 Plan. 
 Options under the 2022 Inducement Plan may be granted for periods of up to years at prices no less than of the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. Options granted to employees may have different performance goals or other vesting provisions (including continued employment) in accordance with the applicable award agreement. Unless an employee's termination service is due to disability or death, upon termination of service, any unexercised vested options will be forfeited at the end of the three months from the date of termination or expiration of the option, whichever is earlier. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares available for future issuance under the 2022 Inducement Plan. 
 Options granted Options exercised Options cancelled / forfeited Balance as of September 30, 2024 Options vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to options granted to employees for the 2022 Inducement Plan. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to options granted to employees for the 2022 Inducement Plan. The compensation expense is allocated on a departmental basis, based on the classification of the option holder. No income tax benefits have been recognized in the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive for stock-based compensation arrangements. As of September 30, 2024, total unamortized employee stock-based compensation was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining estimated vesting period of years. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 27 

Table of Content 

 Research and development expense Total stock-based compensation 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On April 24, 2019, the Company's Board of Directors adopted its 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2019 ESPP ), which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders and became effective on May 7, 2019, the day immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO. The 2019 ESPP is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code for U.S. employees. In addition, the 2019 ESPP authorizes grants of purchase rights that do not comply with Section 423 of the Code under a separate non-423 component for non-U.S. employees and certain non-U.S. service providers. The Company has reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the 2019 ESPP. In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2019 ESPP will be increased automatically on the first day of each fiscal year for a period of up to , starting with the 2020 fiscal year, by a number equal to the lesser of: (i) shares; (ii) of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last day of the prior fiscal year; or (iii) such lesser number of shares determined by the Company's Board of Directors. The 2019 ESPP is expected to be implemented through a series of offerings under which participants are granted purchase rights to purchase shares of the Company s common stock on specified dates during such offerings. The Company has not yet approved an offering under the 2019 ESPP. 

Note 9. 
 million euro through four tranches; tranche A, million euro; tranche B, million euro; tranche C, million euro; and tranche D, million euro. Each tranche is subject to conditions precedent related to the Company s business and capitalization. As of September 30, 2024, only tranches A and B have been drawn. All amounts due under tranche A and B are payable on their maturity date of August 2026. Tranche C and D are payable in equal installments of principal together with all amounts outstanding under the tranches on the repayment dates specified in the relevant Disbursement Offer. The first Repayment Date of tranche C shall fall not earlier than from the Disbursement Date of such tranche. The last Repayment Date of tranche C and tranche D shall fall not later than years from the Disbursement Date of tranche C and tranche D, respectively. The EIB Loan bears interest at fixed rates for each tranche and is payable on the maturity date for each Tranche. The fixed rates range from to per annum. As of September 30, 2024, principal of million euros million) was outstanding on the EIB Loan and it is recorded as Long-term debt on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at fair value with imputed interest of included. 
 The Debt Agreement requires the Company to maintain a minimum cash balance of million euros million) until the outstanding obligations under the Debt Agreement, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the agreement, is repaid in full (the Minimum Cash Covenant . Furthermore, the Company may at any time voluntarily prepay, in whole or in part, together with certain fees as set forth in the Debt Agreement, the outstanding obligations under the Debt Agreement. In the event of a default or a change in control, as specified in the Debt Agreement, EIB may, subject to certain grace periods, accelerate the outstanding obligations under the EIB Loan. 
 In November 2024, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment of the Debt Agreement with EIB which waives the Minimum Cash Covenant from January 1, 2025 and up to the earlier of December 31, 2025, or the date the Minimum Cash Covenant is restored. Under the terms of the Amendment, the Company agreed to amendments requiring monthly reporting of cash balances and additional limitations on certain permitted acquisitions. Additionally, during the waiver period, the Company agreed to convert of the total deferred interest on Tranches A and B to be payable quarterly, with the first payment due on March 31, 2025, and a one-time fee of euros in connection with the Amendment. 
 28 

Table of Content 

 of revenue up to 125.0 million euros, plus of revenue between 125.0 and 250.0 million euros, plus of revenue in excess of 250.0 million euros, multiplied by a varying percentage based on how many tranches have been drawn. The varying percentage is equal to in the event tranche A has been drawn, in the event tranche A and B have been drawn, in the event tranche A, B and C have been drawn, and in the event all four tranches have been drawn. The additional remuneration is payable for , during the period January 1, 2026, through December 31, 2032. In the event of an occurrence of an event of default or prepayment, the Company may be required to pay an additional remuneration buyout fee. 
 The Company elected to account for the EIB Loan at fair value, which requires the EIB Loan to be recorded at fair value at issuance and at the end of each reporting period. Gains or losses upon remeasurement are to be recorded in other expense, net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The Company presents separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of the EIB Loan that results from a change in instrument-specific credit risk. The EIB Loan s fair value at the date it was assumed adjusted its carrying value based on using a discounted cash flow analysis with a discount rate based on a yield curve that was adjusted for credit rating. The change in fair value as of September 30, 2024 was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis discounted at the market yield. The significant inputs used to measure the market yield as of September 30, 2024 relative to the date the EIB Loan was assumed was the change in credit quality of the Company, the change in credit spreads for comparable debt instruments, and the change in the risk-free rate. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the EIB Loan is million, which includes a fair value adjustment of million and foreign currency translation of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total future payments Imputed interest and fair value adjustments Total Debt as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Note 10. 
 thousand and thousand of tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily related to foreign withholding tax and interest on the uncertain tax position liability. 
 The Company has a history of losses and expects to incur a loss for 2024. The Company maintains a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the benefit will be realized. The primary difference between the effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate relates to the change in valuation allowance. 
 29 

Table of Content 

 Note 11.) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Restricted stock units Restricted stock awards Total 
 
 Note 12. 
 million and uncertain tax position liability of million against Goodwill. 
 million, which consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 Fair Value of Consideration Cash Quince Therapeutics common stock shares) 
 Contingent consideration Settlement of preexisting notes receivable Fair value of total consideration transferred 
 The fair value of the Company s common stock was determined based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock of per share on the acquisition date. The aggregate stock consideration consists of shares of Company s common stock issued at closing and shares of common stock (the Indemnity Holdback Shares were withheld by the Company until October 2024 for general representations and warranties. The Company has included the total fair value of the stock consideration within additional-paid-in capital and common stock. 
 30 

Table of Content 

 million of additional consideration in cash, comprised of up to million upon the enrollment of the first patient in the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial, which was paid in the third quarter of 2024, million at NDA acceptance, up to million upon the achievement of specified approval milestones, and up to million upon the achievement of specified on market and sales milestones. The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The key assumptions in applying the income approach are as follows: discount rate, probability of achievement, to , each of the milestones and future revenues from commercialization over the contingent consideration period. No contingent consideration is payable unless and until the milestones are achieved. The fair value of each milestone after the acquisition is reassessed, with the subsequent change in fair value recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company enrolled the first patient in the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid the cash milestone payment of million to the former EryDel shareholders in accordance with the purchase agreement entered into in connection with EryDel Acquisition. 
 Tax assets Other current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Other non-current assets Intangible assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Trade payables ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Debt, non-current ) Other non-current liabilities ) Deferred tax liability ) Total liabilities assumed ) Fair value of total consideration transferred 
 The purchase price allocation is preliminary and may change as a result of additional information obtained regarding assets acquired and liabilities assumed and revisions of estimates of fair values of intangible assets and related deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company will finalize its valuation and the allocation of the purchase price, along with required retrospective adjustments, if any, within a year following the acquisition date. 
 31 

Table of Content 

 million. IPR D was determined using the MPEEM under the income approach. MPEEM calculates the economic benefits by determining the income attributable to an intangible asset after the returns are subtracted for contributory assets such as working capital, assembled workforce, and fixed assets. The resulting after-tax net earnings were discounted at , a rate commensurate with the risk inherent in the economic benefit projections of the assets. The probability-weighted, projected cash flows were calculated based on projections of revenues and expenses related to the asset and were assumed to extend through a multi-year projection period. The IPR D has an indefinite useful life, and as such, is not amortized but rather tested for impairment at least annually. 
 The fair value of trade name intangible assets was million. The trade name intangible assets were derived using the relief from royalties method under the income approach, utilizing royalty rate of . This approach is used to estimate the cost savings that accrue for the owner of an intangible asset who would otherwise have to pay royalties or licensing fees on revenues earned through the use of the asset if they had not owned the rights to use the assets. The probability-weighted, net after-tax royalty savings are calculated for each year in the remaining economic life of the intangible asset and discounted to present value using a discount rate of . The trademark has a useful life of years. The trademark is amortized on a straight-line basis over the useful life. 
 The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded global market opportunities. of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually, refer to Note 13 for this assessment. 
 The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were approximately million, of which million were recorded in general and administrative expenses and million were recorded in research and development expenses in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The Company has included the financial results of EryDel in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 
 Note 13. 
 Impairment charge Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 32 

Table of Content 

 years ) ) Impairment charge Foreign currency translation adjustments Total 
 The Company performs annual impairment reviews of its intangible assets during the fourth fiscal quarter or more frequently if appropriate. As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not incur any impairment losses related to its EryDel intangible assets. 
 Novosteo Intangible Assets 
 In January 2023, the Company decided to abandon internal development of NOV004 and pursue out-licensing opportunities. As a result, several of the assumptions used in determining the initial fair value have changed including discount rate and expected cash flows and thus triggered the need for an interim impairment assessment as required under ASC 350. And so, the Company performed a fair value assessment of the Intellectual Property as of March 31, 2023, and based upon this assessment, the fair value was determined to be significantly below its carrying value and resulted in an asset impairment charge of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Goodwill 
 As part of the EryDel Acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill, the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. 
 The Company evaluates goodwill at least annually, as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. As of June 30, 2024, the Company performed an impairment evaluation of goodwill after assessing qualitative factors that indicated a possible impairment of goodwill. 
 Under the qualitative assessment, management considers relevant events and circumstances including but not limited to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall Company performance and events directly affecting the Company. It was noted during the assessment that the Company's market capitalization was significantly below its carrying value and a further quantitative analysis was conducted to determine to the extent, if any, the Company's carrying value exceeded its fair value as of June 30, 2024. The quantitative analysis used fair value based on market capitalization adjusted for control premium based on market comparable transactions. This quantitative analysis resulted in the Company's fair value being significantly below its carrying value, resulting in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million being recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Impairment charge ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 33 

Table of Content 

 Note 14. 
 of the total deferred interest on Tranches A and B to be payable quarterly, with the first payment due on March 31, 2025, and a one-time fee of euros in connection with the Amendment. 
 34 

Table of Content 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with (i) our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and (ii) our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and the section titled "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("Annual Report on Form 10-K") filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), on April 1, 2024. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Company, Quince, we, us and our refer to Quince Therapeutics, Inc. and "our legacy assets" refer to atuzaginstat (COR388), COR588, COR852, and COR803, collectively. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a late-stage biotechnology company dedicated to unlocking the power of a patient s own biology for the treatment of rare diseases. 
 Our proprietary AIDE technology platform is an innovative drug/device combination platform that uses an automated process to encapsulate a drug into a patient s own red blood cells. Red blood cells have several characteristics that make them a potentially ideal vehicle for drug delivery, including potentially better tolerability, enhanced tissue distribution, reduced immunogenicity, and prolongation of circulating half-life. Our AIDE technology is designed to harness many of these benefits to allow for new and improved therapeutic options for patients living with high unmet medical needs. The AIDE technology platform may confer benefits over conventional therapies and if so, AIDE has the potential to be applied to a broad range of small or large molecule drugs and biologics. 
 EryDex is the first product in development that leverages our AIDE technology and is composed of DSP encapsulated in autologous red blood cells targeted to treat a rare pediatric neurodegenerative disease called A-T. DSP is a corticosteroid well known for its anti-inflammatory properties, as well as its dose-limiting toxicity due to adrenal suppression. EryDex is designed to alter the pharmacokinetics and biodistribution of the DSP allowing for effective and safe treatment. 
 As of November 13, 2024, 32 patients have been enrolled in the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial of EryDex in A-T. We expect to report topline results from this trial in the fourth quarter of 2025, with a potential NDA submission in 2026, assuming positive study results. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, and in accordance with the EryDel Purchase Agreement, we paid the former EryDel shareholders a cash milestone payment of 5 million related to the initiation of the Phase 3 clinical trial of EryDex in A-T. Additionally, on October 20, 2024, in accordance with the EryDel Purchase Agreement, no indemnification claim against the EryDel Shareholders had been made by the Company and all 725,037 Indemnity Holdback Shares were released to the former EryDel shareholders. No additional shares are required to be issued in connection with the EryDel Acquisition. 
 We also completed a patient sizing project with third-party analysis from IQVIA Medical Claims (Dx), PharmetricsPlus (P+), and IQVIA Analytics, which confirmed that there are approximately 4,600 diagnosed patients with A-T in the U.S. Currently, there are no approved treatments for A-T and the global market, based on our internal estimates and assumptions, represents a more than 1 billion peak commercial opportunity. We believe this could allow EryDex to demonstrate the clinical benefit and commercial potential of our AIDE technology. 
 Proprietary AIDE Technology Platform 
 Our proprietary AIDE technology platform is a novel drug/device combination that uses an automated process designed to encapsulate a drug into the patient s own red blood cells. The AIDE technology drug/device combination consists of a specialized automated equipment including the RCL, a sterile single-use consumable treatment kit called EryKit, Syringe Kit, drug, and process solutions. Red blood cells have several characteristics that make them a potentially ideal vehicle for drug delivery, including potentially better tolerability, enhanced tissue distribution, reduced immunogenicity, and prolongation of circulating half-life. Our AIDE technology is designed to harness these benefits to allow for the chronic administration of drugs that have limitations due to toxicity, poor biodistribution, suboptimal pharmacokinetics, or immune response. In this way, our AIDE technology may confer benefits over conventional therapies and if so, AIDE has the potential to be applied to a broad range of small or large molecule drugs and biologics. The use of autologous blood may minimize safety risks associated with the use of donor blood and may reduce the potential immunogenic risks associated donor cells and engineered cell therapies. 
 35 

Table of Content 

 The RCL is a proprietary CE marked non-invasive device that allows blood processing at the point of care. With a user-friendly touch screen interface, the RCL automates the AIDE process technology by handling the blood, drug, and processing solutions with the use of the proprietary EryKit. Our EryKit is a CE marked medical device that provides the essential single-use components for loading the patient s red blood cells with DSP by using the RCL. The RCL, EryKit, and Syringe Kit have been CE marked in accordance with the MDR. Process solutions (Hypotonic Solution 1 2 and Hypertonic Solution PIGPA) are proprietary sterile solutions, CE marked according to the MDD, aimed to create suitable osmotic condition during the process to allow the drug diffusion into red blood cells and the subsequent restoring of physiological condition. 
 The automated AIDE process and treatment is designed to be completed at the point-of-care and includes a series of steps which take approximately two hours from start to finish. This process includes: 
 Collection of patient s blood using our proprietary Syringe Kit. 
 Processing the patient's collected blood in the RCL using our proprietary EryKit. 
 Autologous red blood cells in the RCL are swollen and their pores are opened in two steps using two sequential hypotonic process solutions. 
 Drug is added to the RCL and enters into the opened red blood cells. 
 Physiological osmotic conditions are then restored by adding a hypertonic solution that reseals the red blood cells. 
 Drug that is not encapsulated during the process is removed by extensive washing with an injectable saline solution. 
 Upon completion of the AIDE process, the drug encapsulated red blood cells are infused into the patient. 
 Potential Benefits of Red Blood Cell Encapsulated Drug Delivery 
 Many efficacious drugs have limited therapeutic potential because of dose limiting toxicity, while other drugs may have efficacy ceilings due to inferior biodistribution, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics. Our proprietary AIDE technology uses an automated process designed to encapsulate a drug into the patient s own red blood cells to deliver a therapy in a potentially more effective and safer way. Autologous red blood cells have several characteristics that make them an ideal vehicle for drug delivery: 
 Potential for improved biodistribution as encapsulated drug in autologous red blood cells is designed to enable the slow release of the drug from the red blood cells traversing through the body, various tissue beds, and many capillaries for desired therapeutic effect. 
 Potential for altered pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, including long circulating half-life, and altered or improved tissue distribution. The altered pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the encapsulated drug delivery enabled by autologous red blood cells may significantly increase the desired therapeutic effect and/or improve the safety profile of the therapy. 
 Potential for improved biocompatibility through the use of autologous red blood cells to, thereby avoiding issues with donor compatibility. 
 Potential for the encapsulation of small or large molecules, peptides, and proteins inside of autologous red blood cells to limit biodegradability, thereby altering the encapsulated drug s metabolism and degradation. 
 Potential for significantly decreasing adverse effects of treatments. 
 36 

Table of Content 

 New Indications and Program Expansion Potential 
 The flexibility of the AIDE platform has the potential to provide benefits over conventional therapies and if so, could be applied to a broad range of drugs ranging from small to large molecules, as well as biologics. Potential benefits include better tolerability, enhanced tissue distribution, reduced immunogenicity, and prolongation of circulating half-life which we believe could be an advantage for treating patients. 
 We selected Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) as our second development program. We consider DMD an ideal indication for EryDex as corticosteroids are the standard of care for this rare disease, but its utility is limited by significant chronic toxicity due to adrenal suppression. As a result, corticosteroid treatment in patients with DMD is commonly interrupted during adolescence due to interference with sexual maturation and delayed puberty. As a next step, we intend to focus on generating a Phase 2 clinical trial designed to evaluate EryDex for the potential treatment of patients with DMD, including those with corticosteroid intolerance who represent the majority of the DMD population. We plan to initiate a DMD Phase 2 study in 2025, which we plan to conduct utilizing capital efficient study approaches. 
 We also completed an initial assessment of other potential indications for EryDex where chronic corticosteroid treatment is or has the potential to become a standard of care if there were not corticosteroid-related safety concerns. This evaluation process spanned across ataxia, neuromuscular, hematology, cancer, and autoimmune disease indications with a focus on rare diseases. The prioritized list of other potential rare disease targets beyond A-T and DMD includes: 1) autoimmune hepatitis, 2) dermatomyositis, 3) pemphigus vulgaris, 4) Hashimoto's encephalopathy, 5) Becker muscular dystrophy, 6) pediatric lupus, 7) juvenile idiopathic arthritis, 8) myasthenia gravis, 9) limb-girdle muscular dystrophy, 10) chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy, and 11) pulmonary sarcoidosis. To support our drug development pipeline expansion in a capital efficient structure, we would prioritize an investigator initiated clinical trial approach to evaluate EryDex for other potential rare disease indications. In addition, we intend to evaluate other potential applications of the AIDE technology platform using drugs and biologics targeted at rare and debilitating diseases to further expand our drug development pipeline. 
 Our AIDE technology platform reflects more than 20 years of innovation and approximately 100 million of investment, which has resulted in innovation that creates high barriers to competitive entry. The RCL, EryKit, Syringe Kit, and process solutions are proprietary products and CE marked in the EU, in accordance with the MDR and MDD. 
 Limitations of Chronic Corticosteroid Administration 
 DSP is a corticosteroid well known for its anti-inflammatory properties as well as its dose-limiting toxicity due to adrenal suppression. Our AIDE technology is designed to encapsulate DSP in a patient s own red blood cells and to alter the biodistribution, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of the DSP allowing for both effective and safe treatment. 
 The optimal efficacy of corticosteroids is the result of two pharmacokinetic characteristics: 1) an initial bolus to achieve a high Cmax that results in high levels of corticosteroid receptor occupation; and 2) sufficient sustained tissue concentrations that allow for continued receptor site occupancy over time. 
 In order for a conventional corticosteroid to achieve these characteristics, the drug must be dosed frequently, typically daily. Long-term daily dosing regimens sufficient to provide efficacy, lead to significant and debilitating long-term adverse effects associated with HPA axis suppression. Corticosteroid therapy without significant long-term safety liabilities would represent a major advancement in the treatment of many chronic diseases where corticosteroids are already known to be beneficial. 
 37 

Table of Content 

Phase 3 Lead Asset EryDex for the Potential Treatment of A-T 
 Our top strategic priority is to complete the Phase 3 clinical trial of EryDex, called NEAT (Neurologic Effects of EryDex on Subjects with A-T; NCT06193200 / IEDAT-04-2022), to evaluate its safety and efficacy for the potential treatment of A-T. We also plan to continue investigating additional indications for EryDex. These priorities include the following activities and corporate milestones: 
 Initiate our open label extension study in 2024. 
 Complete enrollment in our Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial in the first half of 2025. 
 Report our Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial top-line results in the fourth quarter of 2025. 
 Prepare for a U.S. NDA submission in 2026, provided we obtain positive NEAT clinical trial results. 
 Pursue potential strategic partnerships to out-license ex-U.S. regional territories to extend operational runway to support potential NDA approval of EryDex, as well as further advance other potential indications. 
 Pivotal Phase 3 NEAT Clinical Trial of EryDex in Patients with A-T 
 We dosed the first patient with A-T in our Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial in the second quarter of 2024. As of November 13, 2024, we have enrolled 32 patients. NEAT is an international, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the neurological effects of EryDex in patients with A-T. To date, we have enrolled seven patients with A-T in the NEAT clinical trial across clinical sites in the U.S., U.K., and European Union and expect NEAT site activation and patient screenings to accelerate over the next quarter. We plan to enroll approximately 86 patients with A-T ages six to nine years old randomized (1:1) between EryDex or placebo, and approximately 20 patients with A-T ages 10 years or older. Participants who complete the full treatment period, complete the study assessments, and provide informed consent 
 38 

Table of Content 

 will be eligible to transition to an open label extension program after trial completion. The primary efficacy endpoint for the NEAT clinical trial will be measured by the change from baseline to last visit completion in RmICARS. 
 
 Regulatory Interactions 
 The pivotal Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial is conducted under an SPA agreement with the U.S. FDA, which should allow for the submission of an NDA following completion of this study, provided we obtain positive results. Additionally, the FDA recently granted Fast Track designation for our EryDex System for the treatment of patients with A-T. The Fast Track designation has been granted based on the potential for EryDex to address a high unmet medical need for patients with A-T. Fast Track designation provides opportunities for frequent interactions with FDA review staff, as well as eligibility for priority review, if relevant criteria are met, and rolling review. 
 Our plan would be to submit the NDA in 2026 with expectations to submit a MAA to the EMA shortly thereafter. EryDex has been classified as a drug/device combination product by the U.S. FDA. We anticipate submitting a 505(b)(2) NDA to the FDA, which allows us to rely upon the agency s prior findings of safety and effectiveness for the active pharmaceutical ingredient, DSP. 
 EryDex has been granted orphan drug designation for the treatment of A-T from the U.S. FDA and EU EC. The EryDex System s RCL is a CE marked non-invasive device that allows blood processing at the point of care. The EryKit is a CE marked medical device in accordance with the MDR and the Process Solutions are CE marked in accordance with the MDD. 
 Prior ATTeST Phase 3 Clinical Trial Results in Patients with A-T 
 We gained valuable learnings from the prior Phase 3 clinical trial of EryDex, called ATTeST A taxia- T elangiectasia T rial with the E ryDex S ys T em; NCT02770807 / IEDAT-02-2015), which is the largest global clinical trial of patients with A-T. 
 ATTeST was an international, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical trial of patients ages six years and older. A review of the data suggests that treating patients early can be an important factor in A-T because the rate of neurological deterioration is most pronounced between the ages of six to nine years old. The objective of ATTeST was to evaluate the effect of two doses (Low Dose and High Dose DSP/infusion) of EryDex, compared to placebo, on central nervous system symptoms in subjects with A-T. The initial treatment period was six months . All participants who completed efficacy assessments over the initial six months were eligible to continue in an additional six-month, double blind, placebo-controlled treatment designed to collect longer-term safety and efficacy data. There were 176 patients randomized (1:1:1) between Low Dose (mean of 8.2 mg standard deviation of 3.3 mg), High Dose (mean of 17.4 mg standard deviation of 5.4 mg), and placebo. Participants received monthly doses for 12 months. At time points of month six and nine, one-third of participants on placebo switched to active drug, respectively. All participants who completed treatment in the ATTeST study were subsequently eligible to enroll in an open-label extension study (NCT03563053 / IEDAT-03-2018; OLE-IEDAT) with 104 participants receiving High Dose EryDex. 
 The primary efficacy endpoint of ATTeST was change in neurological symptoms from baseline to month six measured by mICARS (modified version of ICARS) comparing EryDex active arms and the placebo control arm using a mixed model repeated measures analysis. The ICARS was developed to quantify the level of impairment as a result of ataxia related to hereditary ataxias. The key secondary efficacy endpoint of ATTeST was the change in global clinical status from baseline until month six as measured by the CGI-C. The safety objective was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of two dose levels of EryDex compared to placebo based on the occurrence of treatment-emergent AEs over the 12-month double-blind study duration. 
 39 

Table of Content 

 High Dose EryDex missed the primary efficacy endpoint with a p-value of 0.077 however, statistical significance was observed in the per protocol (PP) analysis with a p-value of 0.019. Most of the clinical signs of neurodegeneration are observed in patients with A-T before the age of 10. By the age of 12, the vast majority of patients with A-T have become non-ambulatory and the neurological signs of disease progression slow significantly since most of the lower limb neuronal damage has already occurred. mICARS is focused on lower limb movement and published natural history data suggest two distinctive regression patterns between patients ages six to nine and 10 years or older with rapid neurological deterioration in the younger age group (six to nine years) compared to a much slower deterioration in older patients (10 years or older), many of whom are non-ambulatory. These data underpin the treatment effect in the patient population where neurodegeneration is most pronounced. Subgroup analyses were performed in the six to nine year old subgroup in the mITT population and there was a statistically significant difference for mICARS in the High Dose group as compared to placebo. 

In the ATTeST clinical trial, EryDex treatment was well tolerated with only mild to moderate transient AEs that rapidly resolved without medical intervention in all dose groups. No patterns of clinically relevant AEs were observed. Additionally, there were no clear, clinically significant differences in potential corticosteroid-induced side effects observed between the treated and placebo groups, including adrenal insufficiency, cushingoid appearance, osteoporosis, growth and development through puberty, and serious systemic infections. 
 40 

Table of Content 

Financial Overview 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses since inception have consisted primarily of R D activities and G A costs. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Our research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in connection with the research and development of our research programs. These expenses include payroll and personnel expenses, including stock-based compensation, for our research and product development employees, laboratory supplies, product licenses, consulting costs, contract research, regulatory, quality assurance, preclinical and clinical expenses, allocated rent, facilities costs and depreciation. We expense both internal and external research and development costs as they are incurred. Non-refundable advance payments and deposits for services that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses and recognized as an expense as the related services are performed. 
 Historically, our research and development expenses have supported the advancement of atuzaginstat (COR388) and COR588 and to a lesser extent the clinical and regulatory development of NOV004. As we sold our legacy protease inhibitor portfolio including COR388 and COR588 to Lighthouse Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in January 2023, we did not incur any additional expenses related to these legacy assets from the second quarter of 2023 onward. Additionally, due to the decision made on January 30, 2023 to discontinue internal development of NOV004 and following the termination of the License Agreement with PRF on October 31, 2023, we have not and do not expect to incur any NOV004 costs in 2024. 
 With the acquisition of EryDel, we expect our research and development expenses to remain in the current levels as we continue our Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial and potentially expand into new indications. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist principally of personnel-related costs, including payroll and stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, finance, human resources, business and corporate development, and other administrative functions, professional fees for legal, consulting, insurance and accounting services, allocated rent and other facilities costs, depreciation, and other general operating expenses not otherwise classified as research and development expenses. 
 
 41 

Table of Content 

 Fair Value Adjustment for Contingent Consideration 
 We record fair value adjustment for contingent consideration primarily due to the passage of time related to the contingent consideration earnout resulting from the EryDel Acquisition. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations may result from changes in probability assumptions with respect to the likelihood of achieving the various contingent payment obligations. 
 Fair Value Adjustment for Long-term Debt 
 We record fair value adjustment for long-term debt primarily due to the passage of time and the interest accrued for the loan with the EIB. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest and other income, net consists primarily of interest earned on our short-term and long-term investments portfolio. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of the effects of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. There were no material changes to our critical accounting policies in the three months ended September 30, 2024 from those described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following sets forth our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 Operating expenses: Research and development 4,916 1,431 3,485 244 General and administrative 3,630 4,663 (1,033) (22) Fair value adjustment for contingent consideration (2,683) (2,683) 100 Total operating expenses 5,863 6,094 (231) (4) Loss from operations (5,863) (6,094) 231 (4) Fair value adjustment for long-term debt (449) (449) 100 Interest income 683 959 (276) (29) Other income (expense), net 150 (216) 366 (169) Net loss before income tax benefit (5,479) (5,351) (128) 2 Income tax (expense) benefit (13) (13) 100 Net loss (5,492) (5,351) (141) 3 
 42 

Table of Content 

 Research and Development Expenses (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 Direct research and development expenses: EryDex 3,210 3,210 100 Other direct research costs 17 (17) (100) Indirect research and development expenses: Personnel related (including stock-based compensation) 1,572 1,311 261 20 Facilities and other research and development expenses 134 103 31 30 Total research and development expenses 4,916 1,431 3,485 244 
 Research and development expenses were 4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 3.5 million. 
 The costs for EryDex development increased by 3.2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period from the prior year due to the initiation of the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial. This increase was primarily due to clinical trial costs of 2.9 million and 0.3 million manufacturing costs. 
 Our personnel related costs increased by 0.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, mainly as a result of an increase in personnel related expenses due to higher employee headcount compared to September 30, 2023. 
 Facilities and other research and development expenses increased by 31.0 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in rent and facilities expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 1.03 million to 3.63 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 4.66 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in general and administrative expenses is primarily due to a decrease of 0.9 million in consulting and professional fees, 0.5 million decrease in legal fees, and 0.1 million decrease in corporate insurance. These decreases were partially offset by an increase of 0.1 million in personnel related expenses, 0.1 million increase in audit and tax fees, 0.1 million increase in commercial and new product planning expenses, and 0.1 million increase in other professional and administrative expenses year over year. 
 Fair Value Adjustment for Contingent Consideration 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a fair value adjustment for contingent consideration which resulted in a 2.7 million charge primarily due to the passage of time related to the contingent consideration earnouts resulting from the EryDel Acquisition and achieving and paying the first milestone after dosing the first patient in our Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial. 
 Fair Value Adjustment for Long-term Debt 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a fair value adjustment for long-term debt which resulted in a 0.4 million charge primarily due to the passage of time and the interest accrued for the loan with the EIB. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income decreased by 276.0 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change was due to a decreased yields on our investment portfolio which and decreased average balances. 
 43 

Table of Content 

 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to 0.3 million unrealized gains resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Income Tax 
 We recorded tax expense of 13.0 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily related to foreign withholding tax, interest on uncertain tax position liability and net of tax benefit from decrease in EryDel's deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following sets forth our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 Operating expenses: Research and development 12,765 6,013 6,752 112 General and administrative 13,296 12,786 510 4 Goodwill impairment charge 17,130 17,130 100 Intangible asset impairment charge 5,900 (5,900) 100 Fair value adjustment for contingent consideration 2,082 2,082 100 Total operating expenses 45,273 24,699 20,574 83 Loss from operations (45,273) (24,699) (20,574) 83 Fair value adjustment for long-term debt (1,252) (1,252) 100 Interest income 2,393 2,464 (71) (3) Other income (expense), net (158) (504) 346 (69) Net loss before income tax benefit (44,290) (22,739) (21,551) 95 Income tax (expense) benefit (80) 248 (328) (132) Net loss (44,370) (22,491) (21,879) 97 
 Research and Development Expenses (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 
 
 Direct research and development expenses: EryDex 8,916 8,916 100 NOV004 2,013 (2,013) (100) Other direct research costs 117 209 (92) (44) Indirect research and development expenses: Personnel related (including stock-based compensation) 3,303 3,405 (102) (3) Facilities and other research and development expenses 429 386 43 11 Total research and development expenses 12,765 6,013 6,752 112 
 Research and development expenses were 12.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 6.8 million. 
 44 

Table of Content 

 The costs for EryDex development increased by 8.9 million compared to the same period from the prior year due to the start-up and ramping up costs related to our Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial. This increase was primarily due to clinical trial costs of 8.1 million and 0.8 million in manufacturing costs. 
 
 After the decision made on January 30, 2023 to discontinue internal development of NOV004 and following the termination of the License Agreement with PRF on October 31, 2023, we have not and do not expect to incur any NOV004 costs in 2024. 
 Our personnel related costs decreased by 0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, mainly as a result of a 0.6 million decrease in allocated stock-based compensation costs, offset by a 0.5 million increase in personnel related expenses. 
 Facilities and other research and development expenses increased by 43.0 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in rent and facilities expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 0.5 million to 13.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 12.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily due to an increase of 1.9 million in personnel related expenses, 0.2 million increase in commercial and new product planning expenses, 0.2 million increase in audit and tax fees, and 0.6 million increase in other professional and administrative expenses year over year. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 1.5 million in legal fees, 0.7 million in consulting and professional fees expenses, and 0.2 million in corporate insurance expenses. 
 Fair Value Adjustment for Contingent Consideration 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a fair value adjustment for contingent consideration which resulted in a 2.1 million charge primarily due to the passage of time related to the contingent consideration earnouts resulting from the EryDel Acquisition and achieving and paying the first milestone after dosing the first patient in our Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial. 
 Fair Value Adjustment for Long-term Debt 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a fair value adjustment for long-term debt which resulted in a 1.3 million charge primarily due to the passage of time and the interest accrued for the loan with the EIB. 
 Goodwill Impairment Charge 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we conducted an impairment analysis of our goodwill that resulted from the acquisition of EryDel in October 2023. That assessment included a qualitative assessment of deteriorating macro-economic conditions, including inflationary pressures and high interest rates, and the continuing decline in our market capitalization from the date of the acquisition. This qualitative assessment indicated that our goodwill was potentially impaired. To determine the extent, if any, by which our goodwill was impaired, we conducted additional quantitative analyses which resulted in our fair value being significantly below our current carrying value. As a result of the analyses, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 17.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Intangible Assets Impairment Charge 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we conducted an impairment analysis of our intangible asset IPR D that resulted from the purchase of Novosteo, Inc. in May 2022. To determine the extent, if any, by which our IPR D Intangible Asset was impaired, we conducted a quantitative analysis which resulted in our fair value being significantly below our current carrying value due to the assumptions changing as a result of the decision to hold this asset for sale in January 2023. As a result of the analyses, we recorded a non-cash intangible asset IPR D impairment charge of 5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 45 

Table of Content 

 Interest Income 
 Interest income decreased by 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was due to decreased yields on our investment portfolio and decreased average balances. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to unrealized gains resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Income Tax 
 We recorded tax expense of 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and tax benefit of 0.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change is primarily related to foreign withholding tax, interest on uncertain tax position liability and net of tax benefit from decrease in EryDel's deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since commencing material operations in 2014, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to building our research and development capabilities, establishing our corporate infrastructure and most recently, executing our Phase1a, Phase 1b and Phase 2/3 clinical trials of atuzaginstat (COR388), our Phase I SAD/MAD clinical trial of COR588, to a lesser extent readying NOV004 for Phase 1 clinical trial, and initiating EryDex Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial. We have sold our legacy small molecule protease inhibitor portfolio and terminated the license of our NOV004 bone targeting drug. 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue and we have never been profitable. We have incurred net losses since the commencement of our operations. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 364.0 million. We incurred a net loss of 44.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We do not expect to generate product revenue unless and until we obtain marketing approval for and commercialize a drug candidate, and we cannot assure you that we will ever generate significant revenue or profits. 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the issuance and sale of convertible promissory notes and redeemable convertible preferred stock and common stock. From inception through September 30, 2024, we received net proceeds of approximately 303.9 million from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, convertible promissory notes and common stock. 
 In connection with the acquisition of EryDel on October 20, 2023, we assumed an unsecured line of credit between EryDel and the European Investment Bank (the "EIB Loan"). The EIB Loan was amended and restated as of the acquisition date. The EIB Loan provides for maximum borrowings of 30.0 million euro through four tranches; tranche A, 3.0 million euro; tranche B, 7.0 million euro; tranche C, 10.0 million euro; and tranche D, 10.0 million euro. Each tranche is subject to conditions precedent related to our business and capitalization. As of September 30, 2024, only tranches A and B have been drawn. All amounts due under tranche A and B are payable on their maturity date of August 2026. Tranche C and D are payable in equal installments of principal together with all amounts outstanding under the tranches on the repayment dates specified in the relevant Disbursement Offer. The first Repayment Date of tranche C shall fall not earlier than twelve months from the Disbursement Date of such tranche. The last Repayment Date of tranche C and tranche D shall fall not later than 5 years from the Disbursement Date of tranche C and tranche D, respectively. The EIB Loan bears interest at fixed rates for each tranche and is payable on the maturity date for each Tranche. The fixed rates range from 7.0 to 9.0 per annum. As of September 30, 2024, principal of 10.0 million euros 11.2 million) was outstanding on the EIB Loan and it is recorded as Long-term debt on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at fair value with imputed interest of 9.0 included. 
 We may voluntarily prepay, in whole or in part with a prepayment premium. In the event of an occurrence of an event of default, a change in control and certain other prepayment events, as specified in the Debt Agreement, we will be required to prepay the outstanding EIB Debt together with an additional remuneration buyout fee, as specified in the Debt Agreement. The Debt Agreement includes a provision for additional remuneration to be paid in addition to interest. The amount of additional remuneration to be paid is equal to 2.5 of revenue up to 125.0 million euros, plus 1.85 of revenue between 125.0 and 250.0 million euros, plus 1.0 of revenue in excess of 250.0 million euros, multiplied by a varying percentage 
 46 

Table of Content 

 based on how many tranches have been drawn. The varying percentage is equal to 30.0 in the event tranche A has been drawn, 50.0 in the event tranche A and B have been drawn, 80.0 in the event tranche A, B and C have been drawn, and 100.0 in the event all four tranches have been drawn. The additional remuneration is payable for seven years, during the period January 1, 2026, through December 31, 2032. In the event of an occurrence of an event of default or prepayment, we may be required to pay an additional remuneration buyout fee. 
 In November 2024, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment of the Debt Agreement with EIB which waives the Minimum Cash Covenant from January 1, 2025 and up to the earlier of December 31, 2025, or the date the Minimum Cash Covenant is restored. Under the terms of the Amendment, the Company agreed to amendments requiring monthly reporting of cash balances and additional limitations on certain permitted acquisitions. Additionally, during the waiver period, the Company agreed to convert 2 of the total 9 deferred interest on Tranches A and B to be payable quarterly, with the first payment due on March 31, 2025, and a one-time fee of 20,000 euros in connection with the Amendment. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have been in compliance with all covenants under the Debt Agreement. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 47.8 million and 75.1 million, respectively. Based on our current business plans, we believe that our existing capital resources will be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements for at least the next twelve months from the date of the issuance of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities are held in a variety of deposit accounts, interest-bearing accounts, U.S government securities, debt securities in government-sponsored entities, and money market funds. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested with a view toward liquidity and capital preservation, and we seek to minimize the potential effects of concentration and credit risk. Our cash equivalents and short-term investments are held in money market funds, certificate of deposits, and government agency obligations. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund our planned operations into the first quarter of 2026, but does not include any costs or cash expenditures associated with initiating additional programs. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect. 
 Capital Resources 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures related to EryDex, the initiation and continuation of the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial, and general and administrative expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 In January 2023 we out-licensed our legacy protease inhibitors to Lighthouse and in October 2023 terminated our license for NOV004. We also intend to concentrate our efforts on development of EryDex. Accordingly, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of any drug candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. 
 We may continue to require additional capital to develop our drug candidates and fund operations for the foreseeable future. We may seek to raise capital through private or public equity or debt financings, collaborative or other arrangements with other companies, or through other sources of financing. Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategies. Following our acquisition of EryDel, we anticipate that we will need to raise substantial additional capital, the requirements of which will depend on many factors, including: 
 the progress, costs, trial design, results of and timing of our Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial and any potential future trials; 
 the outcome, costs and timing of seeking and obtaining FDA and any other regulatory approvals; 
 payment of future milestones to EryDel shareholders and payments to the EIB in respect of obligations under the EIB Facility; 
 the number and characteristics of drug candidates that we pursue; 
 47 

Table of Content 

 our ability to maintain, expand and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights; 
 our need and ability to retain management and hire scientific and clinical personnel; 
 the effect of competing drugs and drug candidates and other market developments; 
 our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; and 
 the economic and other terms, timing of and success of any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter in the future. 
 If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution. Any future debt financing into which we enter may impose upon us additional covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce, or terminate some or all of our development programs and clinical trials. We may also be required to sell or license to other rights to our drug candidates in certain territories or indications that we would prefer to develop and commercialize ourselves. 
 Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide. However, based on our current business plans, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund our planned operations, which would include anticipated clinical and development activities related to EryDex through completion of the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial, and into 2026, but does not include any costs or cash expenditures associated with initiating additional programs. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for each of the periods presented below (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (24,352) (12,214) Investing activities 11,041 (11,148) Financing activities (4,775) 86 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 9 329 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (18,077) (22,947) 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash used in operating activities was 24.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Cash used in operating activities was primarily due to our net loss of 44.4 million for the period, adjusted for 22.4 million of non-cash items, including 17.1 million goodwill impairment charge, 2.1 million change in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, 3.6 million in stock-based compensation, and a net increase in our operating assets of 2.5 million, offset by a net increase in our accounts payable, and accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 0.1 million. 
 
 Cash used in operating activities was 12.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash used in operating activities was primarily due to our net loss of 22.5 million for the period, adjusted for 8.6 million of non-cash items, including 4.1 million in stock-based compensation and 5.9 million in impairment loss due to the write down of the IPR D asset, as well as a net increase in our current assets of 2.4 million, offset by a net decrease in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 0.7 million. 
 48 

Table of Content 

 Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 11.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily related to the maturities of short-term investments of 100.7 million, and the purchase of investments of 89.6 million . 
 
 Cash used by investing activities was 11.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily related to the purchase of investments of 95.1 million, and maturities of investments of 84.5 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash used in financing activities was 4.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of a cash milestone payment of 5 million, partially offset by proceeds of 0.2 million from the exercise of stock options in the period. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 0.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted of net proceeds from the exercise of stock options in the period. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Except as discussed below, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations and other commitments as of September 30, 2024, as compared to those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our contractual obligations primarily consist of our obligations under non-cancellable operating leases and other purchase obligations. 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with third party contract organizations for clinical trials, non-clinical studies and testing, manufacturing, and other services and products for operating purposes. The amount and timing of the payments under these contracts varies based upon the timing of the services. We have recorded accrued expense of approximately 1.5 million in our condensed consolidated balance sheet for expenditures incurred by these vendors as of September 30, 2024. We have approximately 27.5 million in cancellable future operating expense commitments based on existing contracts as of September 30, 2024. These obligations will be satisfied in the normal course of business, but generally no longer than 12 months. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the EIB loan is 14.9 million and it is recorded as long-term debt on the condensed consolidated balance sheet at fair value. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of long-term contingent consideration on our books for the earnout related to the EryDel Acquisition is 54.8 million, refer to Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information required under this item . 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 49 

Table of Content 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 50 

Table of Content 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity and reputational harm and other factors. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 We may be unable for many reasons, including those that are beyond our control, to implement our business strategy successfully. The occurrence of any single risk or any combination of risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. Some of these risks are: 
 We may experience difficulties integrating Quince and EryDel s operations and realizing the expected benefits of the EryDel Acquisition. 
 We are substantially dependent on the success of our lead drug candidate, EryDex. The Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial of EryDex for A-T is being conducted under a protocol negotiated with FDA by EryDel and our execution of the trial may be delayed, may not be successful, and may not result in NDA approval, with adverse results for our business and share price. 
 We have no drug candidates approved for commercial sale, we have never generated any revenue from sales, and we may never be profitable. 
 We have and may be required to make additional milestone payments to EryDel shareholders or pursuant to the EIB Facility in connection with our commercialization of EryDex, which could adversely affect the overall profitability of EryDex, if approved. 
 Clinical drug development is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials are not always predictive of future results. Any drug candidate that we may advance into clinical trials may not achieve favorable results in later clinical trials, if any, or receive marketing approval. 
 Results in earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of the results that may be obtained in further registrational clinical trials, which may delay or prevent obtaining regulatory approval. 
 We will incur additional costs and may experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug candidates. 
 Our drug candidates may cause or have attributed to them undesirable side effects or have other properties that delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit their commercial potential. 
 Clinical trials of our drug candidates may not uncover all possible AEs that patients may experience. 
 If we are not able to successfully demonstrate a favorable differentiation between EryDex and currently available corticosteroids, our business would be harmed and our ability to generate revenue from that class of drugs would be severely impaired. 
 Because the potential rare disease target patient populations of EryDex are small, and the addressable patient population even smaller, we may not be able to effectively complete clinical trials or commercialize the drug candidate. 
 We are a clinical stage biotechnology company with a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate the prospects for our future viability. 
 We will require substantial additional funding to finance our operations and to develop and evaluate current and future drug candidates. If we are unable to raise this funding when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our drug development programs or other operations. 
 The terms of the EIB Facility place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility. 
 51 

Table of Content 

 We cannot be certain that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will permit us to proceed with any current or future proposed clinical trial designs. Our drug candidates may not receive regulatory approval, and without regulatory approval we will not be able to market our drug candidates. 
 Clinical failure can occur at any stage of clinical development and we have never submitted an NDA or comparable foreign applications before. 
 Clinical trials of our drug candidates have in the past been put on clinical holds by, and failed to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of, the FDA, and if any future clinical trials of our drug candidates are put on clinical holds by, or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of, the FDA, the EMA, or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug candidates. 
 We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct some of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and some aspects of our research and preclinical testing and on third-party contract manufacturing organizations to manufacture and supply our preclinical, clinical and commercial materials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research, manufacturing or testing. 
 If we or any of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers encounter difficulties in production of our future drug candidates, or fail to meet rigorously enforced regulatory standards, our ability to provide supply of our future drug candidates for clinical trials or for patients, if approved, could be delayed or stopped, or we may be unable to maintain a commercially viable cost structure. 
 If, in the future, we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any drug candidates we may develop, we may not be successful in commercializing those drug candidates if and when they are approved. 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our current drug candidates, any future drug candidates, and other proprietary technology we develop, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize drug candidates similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our current drug candidate, if approved, any future drug candidates, and other proprietary technologies if approved, may be adversely affected. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our drug candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Our stockholders may realize little or no value from the divesture of our legacy assets, and as a result our stock price may decline, we could be subject to litigation, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 We have in the past and may in the future fail to meet the requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq. If we fail to maintain compliance with the minimum listing requirements, our common stock may be delisted, which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity of our common stock. 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We have marked with an asterisk ) those risks described below that reflect substantive changes from, or additions to, the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We may experience difficulties integrating Quince and EryDel s operations and realizing the expected benefits of the EryDel Acquisition. 
 The success of the EryDel Acquisition will depend in part on our ability to realize the expected operational efficiencies and associated cost synergies and anticipated business opportunities and growth prospects from the EryDel Acquisition in an efficient and effective manner. We may not be able to fully realize the operational efficiencies and associated cost synergies or leverage the potential business opportunities and growth prospects to the extent anticipated or at all. 
 52 

Table of Content 

 Challenges associated with the integration may include those related to retaining and motivating executives and other key employees, blending corporate cultures, eliminating duplicative operations, and making necessary modifications to internal control over financial reporting and other policies and procedures in accordance with applicable laws. Some of these factors are outside our control, and any of them could delay or increase the cost of our integration efforts. The integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company s ongoing businesses, increased tax costs, inefficiencies, and inconsistencies in standards, controls, information technology systems, policies and procedures, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with employees or third parties, or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction, and could harm our financial performance. If we are unable to successfully integrate certain aspects of the operations of EryDel, including relevant human resource functions, or experience delays, we may incur unanticipated liabilities and be unable to fully realize the potential benefit of future revenue and other anticipated benefits resulting from the arrangement, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We are substantially dependent on the success of our lead drug candidate, EryDex. 
 Our business and future success depends on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize our lead drug candidate, EryDex, which is under clinical development for A-T. EryDex is our only drug candidate in late-stage clinical development, and our business currently depends heavily on its successful development. In the previous Phase 3 ATTeST trial, the trial did not meet the primary efficacy endpoint. The trial saw statistically significant results in the age group of six to nine years old. We initiated the NEAT clinical trial in this population in the second quarter 2024, and expect to announce the results of the NEAT clinical trial in the fourth quarter of 2025, but cannot guarantee that the results of this study will be positive or that they will allow further development in this therapeutic indication. 
 EryDex will require additional clinical and non-clinical development, regulatory review and approval in multiple jurisdictions, substantial investment, access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before we can generate any revenue from product sales. We cannot be certain EryDex will receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized even if we receive regulatory approval. In addition, because EryDex is our most advanced drug candidate, and because our other drug candidates are based on the same AIDE platform technology, if EryDex encounters safety or efficacy problems, developmental delays or regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and business would be significantly harmed. 
 We have no drug candidates approved for commercial sale, we have never generated any revenue from sales, and we may never be profitable. 
 We have no drug candidates approved for sale, have never generated any revenue from sales, have never been profitable and do not expect to be profitable in the foreseeable future. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception. For the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our net losses were 5.5 million and 5.4 million, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 364.0 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Before we are able to generate any revenue, we will need to commit substantial funds to the anticipated clinical and development activities related to EryDex, and we may not be able to obtain sufficient funds on acceptable terms, if at all. Any additional debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us and/or result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 We expect that it could take several years, if ever, before we may have a drug candidate ready for commercialization. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we pursue our current strategic direction, and seek regulatory approvals for any drug candidates, prepare for and begin the commercialization of any approved drug candidates, and add infrastructure and personnel to support our drug development efforts and operations as a public company. We anticipate that any such losses could be significant for the next several years. These net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Further, these net losses have fluctuated significantly in the past and are expected to continue to significantly fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. To become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize a drug with significant revenue. However, we may never succeed in developing a commercial drug. 
 We expect to explore partnership and licensing opportunities to support the future development of EryDex and other drug candidates. We may also encounter other unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown challenges as we pursue our current strategic direction. 
 53 

Table of Content 

 There are numerous risks and uncertainties, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to generate revenues or achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis and we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional drug candidates. 
 We have and may be required to make milestone payments to the EryDel shareholders or pursuant to the EIB Facility in connection with our development and commercialization of EryDex, which could adversely affect the overall profitability of EryDex, if approved. 
 In connection with the EryDel Acquisition, we have and may be required to make additional payments to EryDel shareholders of up to an aggregate of 485.0 million in potential cash payments, comprised of up to 5.0 million upon the achievement of a specified development milestone, which was achieved in the second quarter of 2024, 25.0 million at NDA acceptance, up to 60.0 million upon the achievement of specified approval milestones, and up to 395.0 million upon the achievement of specified on market and sales milestones, with no royalties paid to EryDel. These milestone obligations could impose substantial additional costs on us, divert resources from other aspects of our business, and adversely affect the overall profitability of EryDex, if approved. We may need to obtain additional financing to satisfy these milestone payments, and cannot be sure that any additional funding, if needed, will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. During the three months ended June 30, 2024, we enrolled the first patient in the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial. Within 45 days of the achievement of the milestones, we notified the former EryDel shareholders of this achievement. Additionally, within 30 days of the notification, we paid the cash milestone payment of 5 million to the former EryDel shareholders in accordance with the purchase agreement entered into in connection with EryDel Acquisition. We owe no further payments to EryDel shareholders for development-related milestones. The remaining potential contingent payments in connection with the EryDel Acquisition pertain to regulatory on market and sales milestones. 
 Additionally, in connection with the EIB Facility, we are also required to make additional payments to the EIB consisting of (i) interest payments on the outstanding loans thereunder, (ii) payments based on a percentage of the revenue derived from the acquisition of EryDel on October 23, 2023, which will be payable annually commencing with the first such payment commencing on June 30, 2027 with respect to the immediately preceding fiscal year, and (iii) repayments of the principal amount of the loans under the EIB Facility upon the occurrence of certain events. The occurrence of certain events of default under the EIB Facility, including failure to make payments as they become due (subject to a grace period of three (3) business days) to the EIB, would result in the EIB having the right to accelerate and demand immediate payment of all outstanding obligations, together with accrued interest, if any, and any prepayment fees, under the EIB Facility. We may need additional funding in order to make such payments. 
 Our future results could suffer if we do not effectively manage our operations. 
 In connection with our new strategic pursuits, we may expand our size and operations through the EryDel Acquisition. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage such expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. There can be no assurances that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected synergies and other benefits anticipated from any future acquisitions or strategic transactions that we may undertake in the future. 
 Our financial results have been in the past and may in the future be adversely affected by impairment charges from the recording of goodwill and intangible assets. 
 Our financial results have been in the past and may in the future be adversely affected by impairment charges from the recording of goodwill and intangible assets incurred in connection with acquisitions. For example, during the quarter ended June 30, 2024, we incurred a 17.1 million goodwill impairment charge in connection with the EryDel Acquisition. Additionally, we incurred a 0.8 million goodwill impairment charge in the quarter ended September 30, 2022 and a 5.9 million IPR D Intangible Asset impairment charge for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 in connection with the Novosteo Acquisition. Further, our failure to identify or accurately assess the magnitude of necessary technology investments we assumed as a result of the EryDel Acquisition could result in unexpected litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting charges, a loss of anticipated tax benefits or other adverse effects on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 54 

Table of Content 

 Risks Related to the Development of Our Drug Candidates 
 The Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial of EryDex for A-T will be conducted under a protocol negotiated with FDA by EryDel and our execution of the trial may be delayed, may not be successful, and may not result in NDA approval, with adverse results for our business and share price. 
 With the acquisition of our Phase 3 lead asset, EryDex, we initiated the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial in the first half of 2024. The NEAT protocol is the subject of an SPA, agreement with FDA. The FDA may revoke or alter its SPA agreement under the following circumstances: 
 public health concerns emerge that were unrecognized at the time of the protocol assessment, or the director of the review division determines that a substantial scientific issue essential to determining safety or efficacy has been identified after testing has begun; 
 a sponsor fails to follow a protocol that was agreed upon with the FDA; or 
 the relevant data, assumptions, or information provided by the sponsor in a request for SPA change, are found to be false statements or misstatements, or are found to omit relevant facts. 
 A documented SPA may be modified, and such modification will be deemed binding on the FDA review division, except under the circumstances described above, if the FDA and the sponsor agree in writing to modify the protocol and such modification is intended to improve the study. An SPA, however, does not guarantee that a trial will be successful, and our execution of the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial may be delayed and even if successful may not result in approval by the FDA. 
 We, or any future development partner with whom we enter into a related agreement, are required to conduct clinical and nonclinical trials in accordance with the study plan and protocols and applicable regulatory requirements. The FDA or comparable regulatory authorities outside the U.S., including in the EU, may disagree with the design or implementation of our or any of our future development partners clinical trials. We or any of our future development partners may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or other regulatory authorities outside the U.S., including in the EU, that a product candidate is safe and effective for any indication. 
 In addition, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our nonclinical studies and clinical trials are conducted in accordance with the study plan and protocols and applicable regulatory requirements and that drug candidates are manufactured and tested in accordance with applicable GMP requirements and other applicable regulatory requirements. If we or any future development partner are unable to demonstrate that our candidate drugs were manufactured and clinical trials were conducted in accordance with applicable regulations we may be unable to submit appropriate evidence to support applications for drug approval and the authorities may reject or related applications. 
 Clinical drug development is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials are not always predictive of future results. Any drug candidate that we may advance into clinical trials may not achieve favorable results in later clinical trials, if any, or receive marketing approval. 
 The research and development of drugs is extremely risky. Only a small percentage of drug candidates that enter the development process ever receive marketing approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any drug candidate, we must complete preclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. 
 The results of preclinical studies and completed clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and our current drug candidate may not be further developed or have favorable results in later studies or trials. Clinical trial failure may result from a multitude of factors including, but not limited to, flaws in study design, dose selection, placebo effect, patient enrollment criteria and failure to demonstrate favorable safety or efficacy traits. As such, failure in clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. The Phase 3 ATTeST clinical trial conducted by EryDel failed to meet the primary endpoint and was potentially negatively affected by missing date during the COVID-19 pandemic. Several companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered setbacks in the advancement of their drug candidates into later-stage clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding results in earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials. In addition, data obtained from preclinical trials and clinical trials are susceptible to varying interpretations, and regulatory authorities may not interpret our data as favorably as we do, which may further delay, limit or prevent development efforts, clinical trials or marketing approval. Furthermore, as more competing drug candidates within a particular class of drugs 
 55 

Table of Content 

 proceed through clinical development to regulatory review and approval, the amount and type of clinical data that may be required by regulatory authorities may increase or change. 
 If we are unable to complete preclinical studies or clinical trials of any future drug candidates, due to safety or efficacy concerns, or if the results of these trials are not sufficient to convince regulatory authorities of their safety or efficacy, we will not be able to obtain marketing approval for commercialization on a timely basis or at all. Even if we are able to obtain marketing approval for our current and any future drug candidates, those approvals may be for indications or dose levels that deviate from our desired approach or may contain other limitations that would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue from sales of those drug candidates. 
 Results in earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of the results that may be obtained in registrational clinical trials, which may delay or prevent obtaining regulatory approval. 
 Clinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. Success in preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of results in larger clinical trials, and previous results from early or small clinical trials may not be replicated or show as favorable an outcome in further clinical trials, even if successful. For example, EryDel had previously endeavored to develop EryDex for the potential treatment of A-T. While we have not seen evidence of significant safety concerns throughout EryDex Phase 3 clinical development for A-T, it failed to meet the primary endpoint, but showed statistically effective results in a certain population, six to nine years old. We plan to conduct a Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial in the population i.e. six to nine years old) that was found to be statistically effective. However, further studies in this population may not replicate previous results. Accordingly, the previous clinical trials that EryDel conducted may not have uncovered safety issues, even if they exist. The biochemical pathways that we believe are affected by EryDex are implicated in a variety of biological processes and disease conditions, and it is possible that the use of our drug candidates to treat larger numbers of patients will demonstrate unanticipated AEs, which may negatively affect their safety profile. 
 Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development, or after achieving positive results in pivotal trials, and we have had, and may face, similar setbacks. In addition, the patient populations under investigation with EryDex have many co-morbidities that may cause severe illness or death, which may be attributed to EryDex in a manner that negatively affects the safety profile of our drug candidate. If the results of our ongoing or future clinical trials for EryDex are inconclusive with respect to efficacy, if we do not meet our clinical endpoints with statistical significance, or if there are unanticipated safety concerns or AEs that emerge during clinical trials, we may be prevented from or delayed in obtaining marketing approval, and even if we obtain marketing approval, any sales may suffer. 
 We will incur additional costs and may experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug candidates. 
 The risk of failure is high for any drug candidates we may acquire that are in clinical and preclinical development. The clinical trials and manufacturing of our drug candidates are, and the manufacturing and marketing of our drug candidates, if approved, will be, subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation by numerous government authorities in the United States and in other countries where we intend to test and market our drug candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our drug candidates, we must demonstrate thorough lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that our drug candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. We may not be able to develop a trial design that the FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities can accept. Each drug candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended use. 
 Clinical trials are expensive and can take many years to complete, and their outcomes are inherently uncertain. We cannot guarantee that any future clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. For example, on January 25, 2022, the FDA placed a full clinical hold on the IND for atuzaginstat (COR388). Additionally, the Phase 2/3 study with COR388 in Alzheimer s disease failed to meet the primary endpoint. COR388 is one of our assets that has since been out-licensed. On March 8, 2023, the FDA placed a partial clinical hold on the IND for EryDex related to extractables and leachables of new components used in the EryKit. The FDA subsequently lifted the partial clinical hold on September 23, 2023. Additionally, the Phase 3 ATTeST study conducted by EryDel failed to meet the primary endpoint. Even if any future clinical trials are completed as planned, we cannot be certain that their results will support the safety and effectiveness of our potential drug candidates for their 
 56 

Table of Content 

 targeted indications or support continued clinical development of such drug candidates. Our ongoing and any future clinical trial results may not be successful. 
 In addition, even if such trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our drug candidates for approval. Moreover, results acceptable to support approval in one jurisdiction may be deemed inadequate by another regulatory authority to support regulatory approval in that other jurisdiction. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend significant resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our drug candidates. 
 If we are required to conduct preclinical studies, clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete preclinical studies, clinical trials of our drug candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety of efficacy concerns, we may: 
 be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our drug candidates; 
 not obtain marketing approval at all or regulatory authorities may suspend, vary or withdraw marketing approvals for approved products; 
 obtain approval for indications, dosages or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 
 obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings, including boxed warnings; 
 be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or 
 have the medicine removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 
 Drug development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or in obtaining marketing approvals. We do not know whether any clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be amended or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant preclinical studies and clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates, could allow our competitors to bring drug candidates to market before we do, and could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates, if approved, any of which may harm our business and results of operations. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical trials may also ultimately lead to termination or suspension of a clinical trial. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. Any termination of any clinical trial of our drug candidates will harm our commercial prospects and our ability to generate revenues. 
 Our drug candidates may cause or have attributed to them undesirable side effects or have other properties that delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit their commercial potential. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by our drug candidates or that may be identified as related to our drug candidates by investigators conducting our clinical trials or even related to competing products in development that utilize a similar mechanism of action or act through a similar biological disease pathway could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, or halt clinical trials and could result in the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities and potential product liability claims. AEs and SAEs that emerge during treatment with our drug candidates or other compounds acting through similar biological pathways may be deemed to be related to our drug candidate. This may require longer and more extensive Phase 3 clinical development, or regulatory authorities may increase the amount of data and information required to approve, market, or maintain our drug candidates and could result in negative labeling or a restrictive REMS or comparable foreign strategy. This may also result in an inability to obtain approval of our drug candidates. 
 The occurrence of any or all of these events may cause the development of our drug candidates to be delayed or terminated, which could materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. Our drug candidates have in the past and may in the future be deemed to cause AEs and SAEs. 
 57 

Table of Content 

 Clinical trials of our drug candidates may not uncover all possible AEs that patients may experience. 
 Clinical trials are conducted in representative samples of the potential patient population, which may have significant variability. By design, clinical trials are based on a limited number of subjects and are of limited duration of exposure to the product, to determine whether the drug candidate demonstrates the substantial evidence of efficacy and safety necessary to obtain regulatory approval. As with the results of any statistical sampling, we cannot be sure that all side effects of our drug candidates may be uncovered. It may be the case that only with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the drug candidate for a longer duration may there be a more complete safety profile be identified. Further, even larger clinical trials may not identify rare SAEs, and the duration of such studies may not be sufficient to identify when those events may occur. Other products have been approved by the regulatory authorities for which safety concerns have been uncovered following approval. Such safety concerns have led to labeling changes, restrictions on distribution through use of a REMS, or comparable foreign strategy, or withdrawal of products from the market, and any of our drug candidates may be subject to similar risks. 
 Although to date we have not seen evidence of significant safety concerns with our drug candidates in the patient populations currently undergoing clinical trials with EryDex, if approved, may experience previously unreported adverse reactions, and it is possible that the FDA or other regulatory authorities may ask for additional safety data as a condition of, or in connection with, our efforts to obtain approval of our drug candidates. If safety problems occur or are identified after our products, if any, reach the market, we may make the decision or be required by regulatory authorities to amend the labeling of our products, recall our products, or even withdraw approval for our products. 
 If we are not able to successfully demonstrate a favorable differentiation between EryDex and currently available corticosteroids, our business would be harmed and our ability to generate revenue from that class of drugs would be severely impaired. 
 Our business model is to pursue the development of off-patent drugs for which we would directly pursue the development of a red blood cell encapsulated formulation through the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. In order to receive sufficient reimbursement and utilization, our drug candidates, will require showing differentiation against currently available generic products. If we are not able to differentiate EryDex from currently available corticosteroids by showing a safety or efficacy benefit that is reflected in the approved label, our business would be harmed and our ability to generate revenue from that class of drugs would be severely impaired. 
 Because the potential rare disease target patient populations of EryDex are small, and the addressable patient population even smaller, we may not be able to effectively complete clinical trials or commercialize the drug candidate. 
 EryDex is in development for rare disease. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with EryDex are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including the scientific literature, or patient foundations, and may prove to be incorrect or contain errors. New studies have in the past and may continue to change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. We cannot accurately predict the number of patients for whom treatment might be possible. Additionally, since the potentially addressable patient population for this drug candidate is limited, we may fail to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials in a timely manner. Furthermore, even if we successfully develop this asset, and obtain commercial approval, we may not be able to achieve significant market share for EryDex. Because the potential target populations are very small, we may not effectively complete clinical trials on a timely basis or at all and may not realize any significant return from the development or potential commercialization of this asset. 
 Risks Relating to Our Financial Position 
 We are a clinical stage biotechnology company and have a limited history operating a newly acquired business, which may make it difficult to evaluate the prospects for our future viability. 
 From our inception, we have been focused on novel therapeutic approaches to improve the lives of patients diagnosed with Alzheimer s and other degenerative diseases. After the Novosteo Acquisition in 2022, we shifted our operational focus on the development of our bone-targeting drug platform and lead compound NOV004 for development for rare skeletal diseases, bone fractures, and injury. In January 2023, we made a strategic decision to out-license our bone-targeting drug platform and prioritize capital resources toward the expansion of our development pipeline through the completion the acquisition of EryDel in October 2023. We have a limited history operating our newly acquired business, which may make 
 58 

Table of Content 

 it difficult to evaluate the success of our business to date and assess our future viability. Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. To date, we have only initiated two late-stage clinical trials, one of which was initiated by EryDel, and we have not obtained marketing approval for any drug candidate, manufactured a commercial scale drug candidate, arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful drug candidate commercialization. Our short operating history as a company makes any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by clinical stage biotechnology companies in rapidly evolving fields, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to overcome such risks and difficulties successfully. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer. 
 We will require substantial additional funding to finance our operations and evaluate future drug candidates. If we are unable to raise this funding when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our drug development programs or other operations. 
 Since our inception, we have used substantial amounts of cash to fund our operations, and we expect our expenses to increase substantially in the foreseeable future in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we evaluate and develop drug candidates. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any future drug candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. 
 Further development of EryDex will require us to incur significant additional expenses. Moreover, we expect to require substantial additional funding to finance such payments and to advance the development and optimize the commercialization of EryDex, and there can be no assurance that such additional funding will be available on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available on a timely basis, we may not be able to effectively implement our strategic plan. 
 Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to fully execute on our corporate strategy. As of September 30, 2024 we had 47.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We may be required to recognize impairments in the value of these investments if the relevant companies are materially adversely affected, become unable to repay debt securities when due, or experience credit rating downgrades, or if the public trading price of these securities decreases. 
 We believe that our existing capital resources will be sufficient to fund our projected operations, which would include anticipated clinical and development activities related to EryDel's lead asset through the Phase 3 NEAT clinical trial, into 2026. However, changing circumstances may cause us to increase our spending significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more money than currently expected because of circumstances beyond our control. We may need to raise additional funds sooner than we anticipate if we choose to expand more rapidly than we presently anticipate. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, some of which are outside of our control, including but not limited to: 
 the rate of progress in the development of and the conduct of clinical trials with respect to our product candidates; 
 our ability to successfully identify partnership and licensing opportunities to support the future development of EryDex; 
 the outcome, costs and timing of seeking and obtaining FDA and any other regulatory approvals; 
 the number and characteristics of drug candidates that we acquired or pursue; 
 our ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of our drug candidates and devices; 
 our need to expand our research and development activities; 
 the costs associated with securing and establishing commercialization and manufacturing capabilities; 
 the costs of acquiring, licensing or investing in businesses, drug candidates and technologies; 
 our ability to maintain, expand and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights; 
 our need and ability to retain management and hire scientific and clinical personnel; 
 the effect of competing drugs and drug candidates and other market developments; 
 59 

Table of Content 

 our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; 
 the costs to grow our organization and increase the size of our facilities to meet our anticipated growth; 
 the economic and other terms, timing of and success of any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter in the future; and 
 our ability and timing of future milestones payments to EryDel shareholders and repayment of obligations in respect of the EIB Facility. 
 Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Any such funding may result in dilution to stockholders, imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations, or other restrictions that may affect our business. We also could be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise that may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or drug candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us. 
 The terms of the EIB Facility place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility. 
 In connection with the EIB Facility, we are subject to operating restrictions and covenants that restrict our ability to finance our operations, engage in business activities or expand or fully pursue its business strategies. For example, unless we get approval from EIB, the EIB Facility limits our ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional debt or provide guarantees in respect of debt; 
 incur liens; 
 make investments, acquisitions, loans or advances; 
 sell assets; 
 make distributions to equity holders, including dividends and distributions on, and redemptions, repurchases or retirement of, our capital stock; 
 enter into certain hedging transactions; 
 enter into fundamental changes, including mergers and consolidations; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 change the nature of our business; and 
 change our management. 
 In addition, the EIB Facility requires that we meet certain reporting and operating covenants, including an obligation to maintain a certain minimum unrestricted balance of cash or cash equivalents. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to meet those covenants. Subject to grace periods commencing when the borrower learns of the occurrence of a breach, a breach of these covenants would give EIB the option to exercise remedies including to accelerate the outstanding balance under the EIB Facility. 
 The EIB Facility includes customary events of default, including failure to pay principal, interest or certain other amounts when due; material inaccuracy of representations and warranties; breach of covenants; cross-default to other indebtedness (resulting in a right of the other lender to accelerate such indebtedness after giving effect to any grace periods); certain bankruptcy and insolvency events; certain undischarged judgments; and material adverse change. A breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default under the EIB Facility. If an event of default occurs and is ongoing under the terms of the Finance, EIB may accelerate all of the obligations of EryDel thereunder and demand payment from us pursuant to the guarantees. Any declaration by the lender of an event of default could significantly harm our business and prospects and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Unstable market and global economic conditions, including adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, may have adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 The global credit and financial markets have experienced volatility, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in interest rates, and economic inflation, which has included diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, high inflation, uncertainty about economic stability and changes in 
 60 

Table of Content 

 unemployment rates. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, acts of terrorism or other geopolitical events. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one in Ukraine, may also continue to adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could heighten market and economic instability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price. 
 We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 
 Our failure to maintain certain tax benefits applicable to Italian biotechnology companies may adversely affect our results of operations, our cash flows and our financial condition. 
 As a Company with an Italian biotechnology subsidiary, we have benefited from certain tax advantages, including, for example, the R D tax credit, which is an Italian tax credit aimed at stimulating research and development. The R D tax credit can offset payments of certain taxes and contributions (e.g., social contributions, VAT payables, registration fees, income and withholding taxes and all other tax-related items that companies usually pay monthly). For eligible research and development activities, the tax credits were equal to 20 of the costs incurred in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, with a maximum annual amount of 4.4 million (Euro 4 million). In 2023 the tax credit rate was decreased to 10 of the eligible expenses for certain activities, and the annual ceiling of the credit increased to 5.5 million (5 million euros). Expenses incurred by the Company for years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 generated a total tax credit amounting to 0.9 million (0.8 million euros), 1.1 million (1 million euros), and 2.0 million (1.8 million euros), respectively. The Italian tax authorities may audit each research and development program in respect of which a R D tax credit has been claimed and assess whether such program qualifies in its view for the R D tax credit. The Italian tax authorities may challenge our eligibility for, or our calculation of, certain tax reductions or deductions in respect of our research and development activities. Should the Italian tax authorities be successful, the R D tax credit, may be reduced, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations and future cash flows. We believe, due to the nature of our business operations, that we will continue to be eligible to receive the R D tax credit. However, if the Italian government decides to eliminate, or to reduce the scope or the rate of, the R D tax credit, either of which it could decide to do at any time, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to Regulatory Review and Approval of Our Drug Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 We cannot be certain that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will permit us to proceed with any current or future proposed clinical trial designs. Our drug candidates may not receive regulatory approval, and without regulatory approval we will not be able to market our drug candidates. 
 We currently have no drug candidates approved for sale and we cannot guarantee that we will ever have marketable drug candidates. Our ability to generate revenue related to sales, if ever, will depend on the successful development and regulatory approval of our drug candidates. 
 The development of a drug candidate and issues relating to its approval and marketing are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and regulatory authorities in other countries, with regulations differing from country to country. We are not permitted to market any drug candidates in the United States until we receive approval of an NDA from the FDA. Similar requirements apply in foreign countries. We have not submitted any marketing applications for a drug candidate. 
 Because EryDex utilizes DSP, we believe it will qualify for FDA approval through the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway and through corresponding regulatory paths in other foreign jurisdictions. The clinical requirements for a 505(b)(2) drug candidate can vary widely from product to product depending primarily on whether the drug candidate 
 61 

Table of Content 

 claims a new indication, provides for a different route of administration, or claims improved safety compared to the existing approved product, and may include bioequivalence trials, limited safety and efficacy trials, or full Phase 1 through 3 trials. 
 NDAs must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the drug candidate s safety and effectiveness for each desired indication. NDAs must also include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the drug. Obtaining approval of an NDA is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and we may not be successful in obtaining approval. The FDA review processes can take years to complete and approval is never guaranteed. If we submit an NDA to the FDA, the FDA must decide whether to accept or reject the submission for filing. We cannot be certain that any submissions will be accepted for filing and review by the FDA. Regulators of other jurisdictions may impose similar requirements and have their own procedures for approval of drug candidates. Even if a drug is approved, the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority may limit the indications for which the drug may be marketed, require extensive warnings on the drug labeling or require expensive and time-consuming clinical trials or reporting as conditions of approval. Regulatory authorities in countries outside of the United States also have requirements for approval of drug candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those countries. Obtaining regulatory approval for marketing of a drug candidate in one country does not ensure that we will be able to obtain regulatory approval in any other country. In addition, delays in approvals or rejections of marketing applications in the United States or other countries may be based upon many factors, including regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory questions regarding different interpretations of data and results, changes in regulatory policy during the period of drug development and the emergence of new information regarding our drug candidates or other drug candidates. Also, regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates may be withdrawn. 
 Clinical failure can occur at any stage of clinical development and we have never submitted an NDA or comparable foreign application before. 
 The FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities may limit our ability to proceed with potential clinical programs, which could have a materially adverse impact on us. The submission of a successful NDA or comparable foreign applications is a complicated process. As an organization, we have never conducted a registrational clinical trial and have limited experience in preparing, submitting and prosecuting regulatory filings, and have not submitted an NDA or comparable foreign applications. Failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our planned clinical trials would prevent us from or delay us in seeking approval for, and if approved, commercializing our drug candidates, and failure to successfully complete any of these activities in a timely manner for any of our drug candidates could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. The commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials can be delayed or suspended for a variety of reasons, including: 
 inability to obtain sufficient funds required for a clinical trial; 
 inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 
 clinical holds, other regulatory objections to commencing or continuing a clinical trial or the inability to obtain regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial in countries that require such approvals; 
 discussions with the FDA or non-U.S. regulators regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 
 inability to identify and maintain a sufficient number of trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical trial programs, including some that may be for the same indications targeted by our drug candidates; 
 inability to obtain approval from IRBs or positive ethics committee opinions to conduct a clinical trial at their respective sites; 
 severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects experienced by patients, which have resulted and may result in a full or partial clinical hold by the FDA or non-U.S. regulators; 
 inability to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of the drug candidate or devices required for a clinical trial; 
 difficulty recruiting and enrolling patients to participate in clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including ability to find patients with a rare disease, meeting the enrollment criteria for our study and competition from other clinical trial programs for the same indications as our drug candidates; 
 62 

Table of Content 

 inability to retain enrolled patients after a clinical trial is underway; and 
 enrollment may be delayed or interrupted or patients may drop out of clinical trials due to or the fear of natural disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, power shortages or outages, floods, or monsoons, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, political crisis, such as terrorism, war, political instability or other conflict, cyberattacks, or other events outside of our control occurring at or around our clinical trials sites in the United States or Europe. 
 In addition, the design of a clinical trial can determine whether its results will support approval of a drug and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well-advanced. Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may also occur and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect these changes with appropriate regulatory authorities. Amendments may require us to resubmit clinical trial protocols to IRBs or ethics committees for re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. 
 In addition, if we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other preclinical studies of our drug candidates beyond those contemplated, our ability to obtain regulatory approval of these drug candidates and generate revenue from their sales would be similarly harmed. 
 Clinical trials of our drug candidates have in the past been put on clinical holds by, and failed to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of, the FDA, and if any future clinical trials of our drug candidates are put on clinical holds by, or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of, the FDA, the EMA, or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our drug candidates. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our drug candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our drug candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Each drug candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended use. 
 Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. Clinical trials of our drug candidates have in the past been put on clinical holds imposed by, and failed to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of, the FDA, the EMA, or similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States. For example, on January 25, 2022, the FDA placed a full clinical hold on the IND for atuzaginstat (COR388), one of our assets that has since been out-licensed. On March 8, 2023, the FDA placed a partial clinical hold on the IND for EryDex related to extractables and leachables of new components used in the EryKit. The FDA subsequently lifted the partial clinical hold on September 23, 2023. The FDA may place additional clinical holds on our current or currently contemplated clinical programs or otherwise limit our ability to proceed with other clinical programs in our pipeline. Additionally, the results of preclinical studies of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of early-stage or later-stage clinical trials, and results of early clinical trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. For example, the Phase 3 ATTeST study conducted by EryDel failed to meet its primary endpoint. The results of clinical trials in one set of patients or disease indications may not be predictive of those obtained in another. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. This is particularly true in degenerative diseases, where failure rates historically have been higher than in many other disease areas. Most drug candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. 
 In addition, even if such clinical trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA, the EMA, or other foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our drug candidates for approval. Moreover, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA, the EMA, or other regulatory 
 63 

Table of Content 

 authorities. The FDA, the EMA, or other regulatory authorities may conclude that a financial relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected the integrity of the study. The FDA, the EMA, or other regulatory authorities may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of our marketing applications by the FDA, the EMA, or other regulatory authorities, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of any of our drug candidates. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA, the EMA, or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend significant resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our drug candidates. Even if regulatory approval is secured for any of our drug candidates, the terms of such approval may limit the scope and use of our drug candidate, which may also limit its commercial potential. 
 We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct some of our preclinical studies and clinical trials and some aspects of our research and preclinical testing and on third-party contract manufacturing organizations to manufacture and supply our preclinical, clinical and commercial materials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research, manufacturing or testing. 
 We rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions, and clinical investigators, to conduct some aspects of our research and preclinical testing and our clinical trials. We also currently rely on and expect to continue to rely on, third-party CMOs to manufacture and supply our preclinical, clinical and commercial materials. Any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us or be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it would delay our future drug development activities. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for research and development activities reduces our control over these activities but does not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with current GCP regulations for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible, reproducible and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. We also are required to register any future clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database within certain timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity, and civil and criminal sanctions. Similar requirements and consequences may apply in countries outside the United States. 
 Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, such as the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party, the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us and reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance, quality assurance, safety and related reporting. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with GMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. 
 If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for any drug candidates we may develop and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our drug candidates. 
 We also expect to rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our future clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development or marketing approval of any drug candidates we may develop or commercialization of our medicinal products, producing additional losses and depriving us of drug revenue. 
 Risks Related to the Production and Manufacturing of our Drug Candidates and Future Products 
 Our production capacity could prove insufficient for our needs. 
 Our production capacity may prove insufficient in the future to meet the growth of our business, including producing sufficient quantities of drug candidates for clinical trials and, ultimately, our customers and distributors. There is no guarantee that we will or have properly estimated our required manufacturing capacities or that the third parties we rely on to provide required machinery and materials for the manufacturing process will be able to perform on our proposed timelines or meet our manufacturing demands, if at all. Also, if we must increase production capacity for any reason, we 
 64 

Table of Content 

 may need to make considerable investments that could lead to significant financing needs or require us to enter into subcontracting agreements in order to outsource part of the production. 
 We may not have access to the raw materials and other components, necessary for the manufacturing of our drug candidates. 
 We are dependent on third parties for the supply of various materials that are necessary to produce our drug candidates for clinical trials. 
 If our agreements with one or more of these suppliers were to be terminated or if one or more of these suppliers are unable to meet our demands, we could experience delays in our research or planned clinical trials or commercialization. We could be unable to find alternative suppliers of acceptable quality, in the appropriate volumes and at an acceptable cost. 
 In addition, these materials are subject to stringent manufacturing processes and rigorous testing. Delays in the completion and validation of facilities and manufacturing processes of these materials could adversely affect our ability to complete trials and commercialize our products in a cost-effective and timely manner. If we encounter difficulties in the supply of these materials, chemicals or biological products, or if we were not able to maintain our supply agreements, or establish new supply agreements in the future, our product development and our business prospects could be significantly compromised. 
 Our manufacturing facilities are subject to significant government regulations and approvals. If we or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with these regulations or maintain these approvals, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We currently partially manufacture our Red Cell Loader machines and EryKit in our facility in Medolla, Italy. We and our third-party manufacturers are subject to ongoing regulation and periodic inspection by the FDA competent authorities of EU Member States and other regulatory bodies to ensure compliance with GMP, as part of our clinical trials. Any failure to follow and document our or their adherence to such GMP regulations or other regulatory requirements may lead to significant delays in the availability of products for commercial sale or clinical trials, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or prevent filing or approval of marketing applications for our products. 
 Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result in the European Commission, FDA, the national authorities in the individual EU Member States, or other applicable regulatory authorities taking various actions, including: 
 levying fines and other civil penalties; 
 imposing consent decrees or injunctions; 
 requiring us to suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials; 
 suspending, varying or withdrawing regulatory approvals; 
 delaying or refusing to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications; 
 requiring us to suspend manufacturing activities or product sales, imports or exports; 
 requiring us to communicate with physicians and other customers about concerns related to actual or potential safety, efficacy, and other issues involving our products; 
 mandating product recalls or seizing products; 
 imposing operating restrictions; and 
 seeking criminal prosecutions. 
 Any of the foregoing actions could be detrimental to our reputation, business, financial condition or operating results. Furthermore, our key suppliers may not continue to be in compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements, which could result in our failure to produce our products on a timely basis and in the required quantities, if at all. In addition, before any additional products would be considered for marketing approval in the United States, the EU or elsewhere, our suppliers will have to pass an audit by the applicable regulatory authorities. We are dependent on our suppliers cooperation and ability to pass such audits, and the audits and any audit remediation may be costly. Failure to pass such audits by us or any of our suppliers would affect our ability to commercialize our drug candidates in the United States, the EU or elsewhere. 
 65 

Table of Content 

 Our production costs may be higher than we currently estimate. 
 We manufacture our drug candidates according to manufacturing best practices applicable to drugs for clinical trials and to specifications approved by the applicable regulatory authorities. If any of our drug candidates are found to be non-compliant, we would be required to manufacture the drug candidates again, which would entail additional costs and may prevent delivery of the drug candidates to patients on time. 
 Other risks inherent in the production process may have the same effect, such as: 
 contamination of the controlled atmosphere area; 
 unusable premises and equipment; 
 new regulatory requirements requiring a partial and/or extended stop to the production unit to meet the requirements; 
 unavailable qualified personnel; 
 power failure of extended duration; 
 logistical error; and 
 rupture in the cold chain, which is a system for storing and transporting blood and blood products within the correct temperature range and conditions. 
 In addition, a rise in direct or indirect energy rates may increase product manufacturing and logistical costs. Any of these risks, should they occur, could disrupt our activities and compromise our financial position, results, reputation or growth. 
 The manufacture of our products requires strict adherence to regulatory requirements governing medical devices and if we or our suppliers encounter problems our business could suffer. 
 The manufacture of our products must comply with strict regulatory requirements governing Class II medical devices in the U.S. and other regulatory requirements in foreign locations. Problems may arise during manufacturing, quality control, storage, or distribution of our products for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, manufacturing quality concerns, or problems with raw materials, electromechanical, software and other components, supplier issues, and natural disasters. If problems arise during production, the affected products may have to be discarded. In the EU, our RCL and EryKit medical devices, Syringe Kit, and process solutions, are subject to periodic inspections by our Notified Body to maintain CE Certificates of Conformity permitting us to affix the CE mark to our medical devices. We may also be subject to unannounced audits by national competent authorities to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 As a result of the transitional provisions in the MDR, some CE Certificates of Conformity issued by Notified Bodies in accordance with the MDD from May 2017, and which remained valid on May 26, 2021 will remain valid until December 31, 2027 for Class III and Class IIb implantable medical devices and until December 31, 2028 for other Class IIb, Class IIa and Class I devices with a measuring function or which are sterile. Class I medical devices, for which the conformity assessment procedure in accordance with the MDD did not require the involvement of a Notified Body but will require the involvement of a Notified Body in accordance with the MDR and for which an EU Declaration of Conformity was issued in accordance with the MDD prior to May 26, 2021, can continue to be placed on the EEA market until December 31, 2028. Manufacturers of medical devices may only benefit from the above extended transitional provisions deadlines if the following conditions are fulfilled: (i) the devices continue to comply with the requirements of the MDD, (ii) there are no significant changes in the design and intended purpose, (iii) the devices do not present an unacceptable risk to the health or safety of patients, users or other persons, or to other aspects of the protection of public health, (iv) the manufacturer implements a quality management system by May 26, 2024 which complies with the requirements of the MDR, (v) by May 26, 2024 an application is lodged with a Notified Body for conduct of the conformity assessment of the devices covered by the CE Certificate of Conformity, or the devices intended to substitute for such devices, in accordance with the MDR and a related written agreement is signed with the Notified Body by September 26, 2024, and (vi) from May 26, 2021, compliance with the MDR relating to post-market surveillance, market surveillance, vigilance, registration of economic operators and of devices is ensured in place of the corresponding requirements in the MDD. 
 In addition, these CE Certificates of Conformity will remain valid in accordance with the extended transitional deadlines above only if either (i) the manufacturer signed a written agreement with a Notified Body for the conformity assessment of the device covered by the expired CE Certificate of Conformity, or the device intended to substitute that device, in 
 66 

Table of Content 

 accordance with the MDR before the date of expiry of the CE Certificate of Conformity, or (ii) a competent authority of an EU Member State has granted a derogation from the application conformity assessment procedure in accordance with Article 59(1) or Article 97(1) of the MDR. 
 Any failure to comply with any of these obligations may impact our activities in the EEA, the renewal of our existing CE Certificates of Conformity and future conformity assessment activities. 
 Manufacturing problems or delays could also lead to increased costs, lost sales, damage to customer relations, failure to supply penalties, time and expense spent investigating the cause and depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches of products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, voluntary recalls, corrective actions, or product liability related costs may also be incurred. If unanticipated problems with our products arise, or if we or our suppliers fail to comply with regulatory requirements following CE marking, we may also become subject to enforcement actions such as restrictions on manufacturing processes, warning letters, suspension, variation or withdrawal of CE Certificates of Conformity, civil or criminal penalties. Should we encounter difficulties in the manufacture of our products or be subject to a product recall, our business could suffer materially. 
 If we or any of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers encounter difficulties in production of our future drug candidates, or fail to meet rigorously enforced regulatory standards, our ability to provide supply of our future drug candidates for clinical trials or for patients, if approved, could be delayed or stopped, or we may be unable to maintain a commercially viable cost structure. 
 The processes involved in manufacturing our drug candidates are highly regulated and subject to multiple risks. As drug candidates are developed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause our drug candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials. 
 In order to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates, or supply future commercial drug candidates or devices, if approved, we will need to manufacture them in small and large quantities. Our manufacturing partners may be unable to successfully modify or scale-up the manufacturing capacity for any of our drug candidates or devices in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If our manufacturing partners are unable to successfully scale-up the manufacture of our drug candidates or devices in sufficient quality and quantity, the development, testing and clinical trials of that drug candidate may be delayed or become infeasible, and regulatory approval or commercial launch of any resulting drug may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business. The supply of any of these materials used in EryKits or RCLs may be limited or any of the supply manufacturers may not meet relevant regulatory requirements, and if we are unable to obtain any of these materials in sufficient amounts, in a timely manner and at reasonable prices, or if we encounter delays or difficulties in our relationships with manufacturers or suppliers, the production of EryKits and RCLs may be delayed. If any of our suppliers is unwilling or unable to meet its supply obligations and we are unable to secure an alternative supply source in a timely manner and on favorable terms, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed and the market price of our common stock and other securities may decline. The same risks apply to our internal manufacturing facilities. 
 In addition, the manufacturing process for any drug candidates is subject to FDA and foreign regulatory requirements, and continuous oversight, and we will need to contract with manufacturers who can meet all applicable FDA and foreign regulatory authority requirements, including complying with GMPs, on an ongoing basis. If we or our third-party manufacturers are unable to reliably produce drug candidates in accordance with the requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, we may not obtain or maintain the approvals we need to commercialize such future drug candidates. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates, there is no assurance that either we or our third-party contract manufacturers will be able to manufacture the approved drug in accordance with the requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the drug, or to meet potential future demand. Moreover, we, or our contract manufacturers, any future collaborators and their contract manufacturers could be subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, competent authorities of EU Member States or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, to monitor and ensure compliance with GMP. Despite our efforts to audit and verify regulatory compliance, one or more of our third-party manufacturing vendors may be found on regulatory inspection by the FDA, competent authorities of EU Member States or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities to be noncompliant with GMP regulations. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including shutdown of the third-party 
 67 

Table of Content 

 vendor or invalidation of drug product lots or processes, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension, variation or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of drug candidates or drugs, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products, if approved, and significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any of these challenges could delay completion of clinical trials, require bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our drug candidate, impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 If the market opportunities for our drug candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our revenue may be adversely affected, and our business may suffer. Because the target patient populations of our drug candidates are small, we must be able to successfully identify patients and acquire a significant market share to achieve profitability and growth. 
 We focus our research and product development on treatments for rare and ultra-rare diseases. Given the small number of patients who have the diseases that we are targeting, our profitability and growth depend on successfully identifying patients with these rare and ultra-rare diseases. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our drug candidates, are based on our beliefs and internal estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, and market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases, and, as a result, the number of patients with these diseases may turn out to be lower than expected. Our effort to identify patients with diseases we seek to treat is in early stages, and we cannot accurately predict the number of patients for whom treatment might be possible. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for each of our drug candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our drug candidates, and new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, which would adversely affect our results of operations and our business. If patients who currently receive assistance from us in paying for the cost of our drugs continue to receive assistance, if approved, or who receive free drugs in the future, will negatively impact our profitability. If EryDex is only approved for patients with A-T who are between six and nine years old, it will be limiting an already small patient population. Finally, even if we obtain significant market share for our drug candidates, because the potential target populations are very small, we may never achieve profitability despite obtaining such significant market share. 
 If, in the future, we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market any drug candidates we may develop and for which we obtain approval, we may not be successful in commercializing those drug candidates if and when they are approved. 
 We do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure and have no experience in the sale, marketing, or distribution of pharmaceutical drug candidates, if approved, or devices. To achieve commercial success for any approved drug candidate for which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales, marketing, and commercial support infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with collaborators for, some of our drug candidates if and when they are approved. 
 There are risks involved with both establishing our own commercial capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize any drug candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others: 
 our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales, marketing, coverage or reimbursement, customer service, medical affairs, and other support personnel; 
 the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or our failure to educate adequate numbers of physicians on the benefits of any future approved drug candidates; 
 the inability of reimbursement professionals to negotiate arrangements for formulary access, reimbursement, and other acceptance by payors; 
 the inability to price our drug candidates, if approved, at a sufficient price point to ensure an adequate and attractive level of profitability; 
 the pricing of our products, particularly as compared to alternative treatments; 
 availability of alternative effective treatments for indications our candidates are intended to treat and the relative risks, benefits and costs of those treatments; 
 68 

Table of Content 

 restricted or closed distribution channels that make it difficult to distribute our drug candidates, if approved, to segments of the patient population; 
 the lack of complementary drug candidates, if approved, to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive drug candidate lines; and 
 unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent commercialization organization. 
 If the commercial launch of a future drug candidate, if approved, for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing and other commercialization capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our commercialization personnel. 
 If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, commercial support, and distribution services, our sales revenue or the profitability of sales revenue may be lower than if we were to market and sell any drug candidates, if approved, we may develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to commercialize our drug candidates, if approved, or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We may have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our drug candidates, if approved, effectively. If we do not establish commercialization capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our drug candidates if approved in the future. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our drug candidates, if approved. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our drug candidates and will face an even greater risk when and if we commercialize any drug candidates, if approved. For example, we may be sued if our drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, early access program, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Product liability claims may be brought against us by participants enrolled in our clinical trials, patients, health care providers or others using, administering our drug candidates or selling our drug candidates, if approved. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit testing and commercialization of our drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased or interrupted demand for our drug candidates; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials; 
 initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 a diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
 drug recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 
 injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 
 loss of revenue; 
 exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 
 the inability to commercialize any drug candidate, if approved; and 
 a decline in our share price. 
 Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of drug candidates we develop, alone or with potential collaborators. Our insurance policies may have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for 
 69 

Table of Content 

 which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
 We may be exposed to a variety of international risks that could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. Some of our suppliers and clinical trial centers are located outside of the United States. We may enter into agreements with third parties for the development and commercialization of drug candidates in international markets. We also plan to seek regulatory approval of our drug candidates outside of the United States. International business relationships will subject us to additional risks that may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or sustain profitable operations, including: 
 differing regulatory requirements for drug approvals internationally; 
 rejection or qualification of foreign clinical trial data by the competent authorities of other countries; 
 price controls on our drug products; 
 complexities and difficulties in obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property; 
 potential third-party patent rights in countries outside of the United States; 
 different United States and foreign drug import and export rules; 
 different reimbursement systems and different competitive drugs indicated to treat the indications for which our drug candidates are being developed; 
 the potential for so-called parallel importing, which is what occurs when a local seller, faced with relatively high local prices, opts to import goods from another jurisdiction with relatively low prices, rather than buying them locally; 
 the potential for so-called parallel exporting, which is what occurs when a local seller buys goods meant for the locals and sells the goods for a higher price in another country, potentially causing or aggravating supply problems; 
 unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; 
 economic weakness, including inflation, bank failures, or political instability, particularly in non-U.S. economies and markets, including several countries in Europe; 
 compliance with tax, including withholding of payroll taxes, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 regulatory and compliance risks that relate to anti-corruption compliance and record-keeping that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, its accounting provisions or its anti-bribery provisions or provisions of anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws in other countries; 
 taxes in other countries; 
 financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our products and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
 workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; 
 business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, or natural disasters, including earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires; and 
 compliance with evolving and expansive international data privacy laws, such as the EU GDPR. 
 70 

Table of Content 

 Any of these factors could harm our ongoing international clinical operations and supply chain, as well as any future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 For example, the UK has voluntarily departed from the EU, commonly referred to as Brexit. We do not know to what extent Brexit will impact the business and regulatory environment in the UK, the EU, or other countries. Changes impacting our ability to conduct business in the UK, or other EU countries, or changes to the regulatory regime in those countries, may impact certain portions of our research and general business operations in the UK and the EU. 
 The United Kingdom s withdrawal from the EU may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business, which could reduce the price of our common stock. 
 Following Brexit, the UK and the EU signed a EU-UK TCA, which became provisionally applicable on January 1, 2021 and entered into force on May 1, 2021. This agreement provides details on how some aspects of the UK and EU s relationship will operate going forwards however there are still uncertainties. The TCA primarily focuses on ensuring free trade between the EU and the UK in relation to goods, including medicinal products. Among the changes that have occurred are that Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) is treated as a third country, a country that is not a member of the EU and whose citizens do not enjoy the EU right to free movement. Northern Ireland continues to follow many aspects of the EU regulatory rules, particularly in relation to trade in goods. As part of the TCA, the EU and the UK recognize GMP inspections carried out by the other party and the acceptance of official GMP documents issued by the other party. The TCA also encourages, although it does not oblige, the parties to consult one another on proposals to introduce significant changes to technical regulations or inspection procedures. Among the areas of absence of mutual recognition are batch testing and batch release. The UK has unilaterally agreed to accept EU batch testing and batch release. However, the EU continues to apply EU laws that require batch testing and batch release to take place in the EU territory. This means that medicinal products that are tested and released in the UK must be retested and re-released when entering the EU market for commercial use. 
 As it relates to marketing authorizations, Great Britain has a separate regulatory submission process, approval process and a separate national marketing authorization. Northern Ireland continues, however, to be covered by the marketing authorizations granted by the European Commission. For example, the scope of a marketing authorization for a medicinal product granted by the European Commission or by the competent authorities of EU Member States no longer encompasses Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales). In these circumstances, a separate marketing authorization granted by the UK competent authorities is required to place medicinal products on the market in Great Britain. Northern Ireland continues, however, to be covered by the marketing authorizations granted by the European Commission. 
 On February 27, 2023, the UK Government and the European Commission reached a political agreement on the so-called Windsor Framework . The Framework is intended to revise the Northern Ireland Protocol to address some of the perceived shortcomings in its operation. The agreement was adopted at the Withdrawal Agreement Joint Committee on March 24, 2023. If the changes are adopted in the form proposed, medicinal products to be placed on the market in the UK will be authorized solely in accordance with UK laws. Northern Ireland would be reintegrated back into a UK-only regulatory environment under the authority of the MHRA with respect to all medicinal products. The implementation of the Windsor Framework would occur in stages, with new arrangements relating to the supply of medicinal products into Northern Ireland anticipated to take effect in 2025. 
 The UK regulatory framework in relation to clinical trials is governed by the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004, as amended, which is derived from the CTD, as implemented into UK national law through secondary legislation. On January 17, 2022, the MHRA launched an eight-week consultation on reframing the UK legislation for clinical trials, and which aimed to streamline clinical trials approvals, enable innovation, enhance clinical trials transparency, enable greater risk proportionality, and promote patient and public involvement in clinical trials. The UK Government published its response to the consultation on March 21, 2023 confirming that it would bring forward changes to the legislation. These resulting legislative amendments will determine how closely the UK regulations will align with the CTR. In October 2023, the MHRA announced a new Notification Scheme for clinical trials which enables a more streamlined and risk-proportionate approach to initial clinical trial applications for Phase 4 and low-risk Phase 3 clinical trial applications. 
 Marketing authorizations in the UK are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916), as amended. The MHRA has also introduced changes to national marketing authorization procedures. This includes introduction of procedures to prioritize access to new medicines that will benefit patients, including a 150-day assessment route, a rolling 
 71 

Table of Content 

 review procedure and the International Recognition Procedures which entered into application on January 1, 2024. Since January 1, 2024, the MHRA may rely on the International Recognition Procedure, or IRP, when reviewing certain types of marketing authorization applications. This procedure is available for applicants for marketing authorization who have already received an authorization for the same product from a reference regulator. These include the FDA, the EMA, and national competent authorities of individual EEA countries. A positive opinion from the EMA and CHMP, or a positive end of procedure outcome from the mutual recognition or decentralized procedures are considered to be authorizations for the purposes of the IRP. 
 There is no pre-marketing authorization orphan designation for medicinal products in the UK. Instead, the MHRA reviews applications for orphan designation in parallel to the corresponding marketing authorization application. The criteria are essentially the same as those in the EU, but have been tailored for the market. This includes the criterion that prevalence of the condition in Great Britain, rather than the EU, must not be more than five in 10,000. Upon the grant of a marketing authorization with orphan status, the medicinal product will benefit from up to 10 years of market exclusivity from similar products in the approved orphan indication. The start of this market exclusivity period will be set from the date of first approval of the product in Great Britain. 
 A significant proportion of the regulatory framework in the UK applicable to medicinal products is currently derived from EU Directives and Regulations. The potential for UK legislation to diverge from EU legislation following Brexit could materially impact the regulatory regime with respect to the development, manufacture, import, approval, and commercialization of our drug candidates in the UK or the EU. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies governing clinical trials, our development plans may be impacted. 
 All of these changes could increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, any regulatory approvals, as a result of Brexit or otherwise, would prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates in the UK or the EU and restrict our ability to generate revenue and achieve and sustain profitability. In addition, we may be required to pay taxes or duties or be subjected to other hurdles in connection with the importation of our drug candidates into the EU. If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to restrict or delay efforts to seek regulatory approval in the UK or the EU for our drug candidates, or incur significant additional expenses to operate our business, which could significantly and materially harm or delay our ability to generate revenues or achieve profitability of our business. Any further changes in international trade, tariff and import/export regulations as a result of Brexit or otherwise may impose unexpected duty costs or other non-tariff barriers on us. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the UK. It is also possible that Brexit may negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees, particularly those from the EU. 
 We may not be able to manage our business effectively if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel and consultants, and the loss of such persons could negatively impact the operations of the company. 
 We may not be able to attract or retain qualified management, finance, scientific and clinical personnel and consultants due to the intense competition for qualified personnel and consultants among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other businesses or any other circumstances that would cause them no longer to provide their professional services to us in the near future. If we are not able to attract and retain necessary personnel and consultants to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the achievement of our development objectives, our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our business strategy. In addition, we may need to adjust the size of our workforce as a result of changes to our expectations for our business, which can result in diversion of management attention, disruptions to our business, and related expenses. 
 In addition, we previously announced a reduction in force, impacting a number of employees. Any further reduction in force may yield unintended consequences and costs, such as the loss of institutional knowledge and expertise, attrition beyond the intended reduction in force, the distraction of employees, reduced employee morale and could adversely affect our reputation as an employer, which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future and increase the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the cost reduction program. 
 Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. Potential changes in management could be disruptive to our business and may also result in our loss of unique skills and loss of knowledge about our business. Such turnover may also result in the departure of other existing employees or partners. 
 72 

Table of Content 

 Replacing executive officers, key employees and consultants may be difficult and may take an extended period because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize drug candidates successfully. Competition to hire and retain employees and consultants from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these additional key personnel and consultants. Our failure to retain or replace key personnel or consultants could materially harm our business. Additionally, the members of our management team have limited experience managing a public company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws, rules and regulations that specifically govern public companies, which could cause our management to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. We may lose our ability to implement our business strategy successfully and could be seriously harmed. Any of our executive officers or key employees or consultants may terminate their employment at any time. 
 We have scientific and clinical advisors and consultants who assist us in formulating our research, development and clinical strategies. These advisors are not our employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit their availability to us. Non-compete agreements are not permissible or are limited by law in certain jurisdictions and, even where they are permitted, these individuals typically will not enter into non-compete agreements with us. If a conflict of interest arises between their work for us and their work for another entity, we may lose their services. In addition, our advisors may have arrangements with other companies to assist those companies in developing drug candidates or technologies that may compete with ours. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading, which could significantly harm our business. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with the regulations of the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, comply with health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the health care industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 Our insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 
 We do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies we currently maintain include general liability, products liability and directors and officers insurance. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 Failure (or perceived failure) to comply with health and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties, private litigation, and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, process personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, sensitive third-party data, business plans, transactions, financial information and (collectively, sensitive data ). As a result, we and our collaborators are or may become subject to various federal, state, and foreign data protection laws and regulations (i.e., laws and regulations that address privacy and data security). 
 73 

Table of Content 

 In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations including federal health information privacy laws, state comprehensive consumer privacy laws, state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information apply or could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators. Similar laws are being considered in various other states, as well as at the federal and local levels, and we expect more states to pass similar laws in the future. These developments may further complicate compliance efforts and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the collaborators upon whom we rely. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy and security requirements under the federal HIPAA as amended by the HITECH. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to civil, criminal, and administrative penalties if we violate (or are perceived to violate) HIPAA. 
 Many foreign jurisdictions, including the EU, its member states, the United Kingdom and Australia, among others, have also adopted legislation and regulations that increase or change the requirements governing the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of the personal information of individuals in these jurisdictions. These laws, and similar laws being considered in other countries, and regulations are complex and change frequently, at times due to changes in political climate, and existing laws and regulations are subject to different and conflicting interpretations, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data from these jurisdictions. These laws have the potential to increase costs of compliance, risks of noncompliance and penalties for noncompliance. 
 For example, the EU s GDPR imposes numerous requirements for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, including more stringent requirements relating to consent and the information that must be shared with data subjects about how their personal information is used, the obligation to notify regulatory authorities and affected individuals of personal data breaches, extensive internal privacy governance obligations, and obligations to honor expanded rights of individuals in relation to their personal information (for example, the right to access, correct and delete their data). In addition, the GDPR generally maintains restrictions on cross-border data transfer, and as a result we may be unable to transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. The GDPR may increase our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, and may also increase our costs of compliance. 
 Compliance with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure (or perceived failure) to comply with these laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil, criminal and administrative penalties), private litigation, and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy laws may also cause clinical trial subjects, employees and other individuals about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain personal information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, to limit our ability to collect, use and disclose personal information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 
 Changes in healthcare law and implementing regulations, as well as changes in healthcare policy, may impact our business in ways that we cannot currently predict, and may have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect our ability to profitably sell any drug candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, including in the EU, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 The PPACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. 
 Since its enactment, there have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. It is possible that the PPACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges and the healthcare reform measures will impact the PPACA and our business. Other healthcare reform measures 
 74 

Table of Content 

 that may be adopted in the future could have a material adverse effect on our industry generally and on our ability to maintain or increase sales of our existing products that we successfully commercialize or to successfully commercialize our drug candidates, if approved. In addition to the PPACA, there will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators and third-party payors to keep healthcare costs down while expanding individual healthcare benefits. For example, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the IRA into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in PPACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how these or similar policy initiatives will impact the PPACA and our business. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the PPACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year pursuant to the Budget Control Act of 2011 and subsequent laws, which began in 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect until 2032, unless additional Congressional action is taken. New laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which may adversely affect customer demand and affordability for our drug candidates and, accordingly, the results of our financial operations. 
 Also, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed drug candidates, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, the IRA will, among other things (i) allow HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare, and subject drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated fair price under the law and (ii) impose rebates with respect to certain drugs and biologics covered under Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. HHS has and will continue to issue and update guidance as these programs are implemented. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, in response to the Biden administration s October 2022 executive order, on February 14, 2023, HHS released a report outlining three new models for testing by the CMS Innovation Center which will be evaluated on their ability to lower the cost of drugs, promote accessibility, and improve quality of care. It is unclear whether the models will be utilized in any health reform measures in the future. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 We expect that these and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and lower reimbursement, and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved drug candidate. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drug candidates, once marketing approval is obtained. 
 Our ability to successfully commercialize any drugs that we develop depends in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement are available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other organizations. 
 Our ability to successfully commercialize any drugs that we develop depends in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement are available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, each individually decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. 
 75 

Table of Content 

 Government authorities currently impose mandatory discounts for certain patient groups, such as Medicare, Medicaid and VA hospitals, and may seek to increase such discounts at any time. Future regulation may negatively impact the price of our drug candidates, if approved. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that coverage or reimbursement will be available for any drug candidate that we commercialize and, if coverage or reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any drug candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. In order to get coverage and reimbursement, physicians may need to show that patients have superior treatment outcomes with our products compared to standard of care drugs, including lower-priced generic versions of standard of care drugs. It is possible that a third-party payor may consider our drug candidates, once approved, and other therapies as substitutable and only offer to reimburse patients for the less expensive product. Even if we show improved efficacy or improved convenience of administration with our drug candidates, once approved, compared to existing products, pricing of existing products may limit the amount we will be able to charge for our drug candidates. Third-party payors may deny or revoke the reimbursement status of a given drug product or establish prices for new or existing marketed products at levels that are too low to enable us to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Because EryDex is still in development, we are unable at this time to determine the likely level or method of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any drug candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors, and coverage decisions and reimbursement levels for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time consuming and costly process that may require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained. 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale, and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies, but make their determinations independently and may impose additional restrictions. Our inability to promptly obtain and maintain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products we may develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize drug candidates, and our overall financial condition. Further, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Therefore, even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 In the EU, coverage and reimbursement status of any drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval are provided for by the national laws of EU member states. The requirements may differ across the EU member states. The EU provides options for EU Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. An EU Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, it may refuse to reimburse a product at the price set by the manufacturer or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. Many EU Member States also periodically review their reimbursement procedures for medicinal products, which could have an adverse impact on reimbursement status. 
 Moreover, in order to obtain reimbursement for our products in some European countries, including some EU Member States, we may be required to compile additional data comparing the cost-effectiveness of our products to other available therapies. This HTA of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EU Member States, including those representing the larger markets. The HTA process is the procedure to assess therapeutic, economic and societal impact of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country. The outcome of an HTA will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these medicinal products by the competent authorities of individual EU Member States. The extent to which pricing and reimbursement decisions are influenced by the HTA of the specific medicinal product currently varies between EU 
 76 

Table of Content 

 Member States. In December 2021, Regulation No 2021/2282 on HTA amending Directive 2011/24/EU, was adopted in the EU. This Regulation, which entered into force in January 2022 and will apply as of January 2025, is intended to boost cooperation among EU Member States in assessing health technologies, including new medicinal products, and providing the basis for cooperation at EU level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. The Regulation foresees a three-year transitional period and will permit EU Member States to use common HTA tools, methodologies, and procedures across the EU, working together in four main areas, including joint clinical assessment of the innovative health technologies with the most potential impact for patients, joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from HTA authorities, identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early, and continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. Individual EU Member States will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technologies, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. If we are unable to maintain favorable pricing and reimbursement status in EU Member States for drug candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval, any anticipated revenue from and growth prospects for those products in the EU could be negatively affected. In light of the fact that the United Kingdom has left the EU, Regulation No 2021/2282 on HTA will not apply in the United Kingdom. However, the UK MHRA is working with UK HTA bodies and other national organizations, such as the Scottish Medicines Consortium, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, and the All-Wales Medicines Strategy Group, to introduce new pathways supporting innovative approaches to the safe, timely and efficient development of medicinal products. 
 Interim, top-line and preliminary data from our future clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or top-line data from our future clinical studies, which are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the top-line results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Top-line data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, top-line data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our clinical studies. 
 In addition, we may report interim analyses of only certain endpoints rather than all endpoints. Interim data from future clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular drug candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug, drug candidate or our business. If the top-line data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our drug candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a drug candidate, it will remain subject to extensive ongoing regulatory review and requirements. 
 If any of our future drug candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies, and submission of safety, efficacy, and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 77 

Table of Content 

 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive requirements imposed by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to GMPs regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. We also are required to register our establishments and list our products with the FDA and certain state agencies. We and any third party manufacturers or suppliers must continually adhere to federal regulations setting forth GMP (for drugs) and QSR (for medical devices), and their foreign equivalents, which are enforced by the FDA and other national regulatory bodies through their facilities inspection programs. In complying with GMP and foreign regulatory requirements, we and any of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers will be obligated to expend time, money and effort in production, record-keeping and quality control to ensure that our products meet applicable specifications and other requirements. QSR requirements also impose extensive testing, control and documentation requirements. State regulatory authorities and the regulatory agencies of other countries have similar requirements. In addition, we will be required to comply with regulatory requirements of the FDA, state regulatory agencies and the regulatory agencies of other countries concerning the reporting of AEs and device malfunctions, corrections and removals (e.g., recalls), promotion and advertising and general prohibitions against the manufacture and distribution of adulterated and misbranded devices. 
 Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements could result in enforcement actions, including, but not limited to, significant civil fines, product seizures, injunctions and/or criminal prosecution of responsible individuals and us. Any such actions would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive requirements imposed by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to GMPs regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA or comparable foreign application. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our potential drug candidates will be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the drug candidate may be marketed and promoted or to the conditions of approval (including the potential for a requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy) or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing. We will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Any new legislation addressing drug safety issues could result in delays in drug development or commercialization, or increased costs to assure compliance. The FDA and other agencies, including the Department of Justice, as well as foreign regulatory authorities closely regulate and monitor the post-approval marketing and promotion of drug candidates to ensure that they are manufactured, marketed and distributed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. We will have to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our potential drug candidates and any products for which we receive approval. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the drug candidate s approved label. As such, we may not promote our potential drug candidates for indications or uses for which they do not have approval. In the EU, the advertising and promotion of medicinal products are subject to both EU and EU Member States laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians and other healthcare professionals, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. General requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products, such as direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicinal products are established in EU law. However, the details are governed by regulations in individual EU Member States and can differ from one country to another. For example, applicable laws require that promotional materials and advertising in relation to medicinal products comply with the product s Summary of Product Characteristics, or SmPC, which may require approval by the competent national authorities in connection with an MA. The SmPC is the document that provides information to physicians concerning the safe and effective use of the product. Promotional activity that does not comply with the SmPC is considered off-label and is prohibited in the EU. 
 The holder of an approved NDA or equivalent foreign application must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved drug candidate labeling, or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing clinical trials to verify the safety and efficacy of our potential drug candidates in general or in specific patient subsets. If original marketing approval was obtained via the accelerated approval pathway, we could be required to conduct a successful post-marketing clinical trial to confirm clinical benefit for our drug candidates. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval. 
 78 

Table of Content 

 If a regulatory authority discovers previously unknown problems with a drug or device, such as AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the drug candidate is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a drug candidate, including if approved, such regulatory authority may impose restrictions on that drug candidate, an approved drug, or us, including requiring withdrawal of the approved drug from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory authority or enforcement authority may, among other things: 
 issue warning or untitled letters that would result in adverse publicity; 
 impose civil or criminal penalties; 
 suspend, vary or withdraw regulatory approvals; 
 suspend any of our ongoing clinical trials; 
 mandate modifications to promotional materials or require us to provide corrective information to healthcare practitioners; 
 require us to enter into a consent decree or permanent injunction, which can include imposition of various fines, reimbursements for inspection costs, required due dates for specific actions and penalties for noncompliance; 
 refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us; 
 impose restrictions on our operations, including closing our contract manufacturers facilities; 
 seize or detain drug candidates or approved drugs; or 
 require a drug candidate or approved drugs recall. 
 Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our drug candidates. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is suspended, varied or withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Non-compliance by us or any future collaborator with regulatory requirements, including safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance, and with requirements related to the development of products for the pediatric population can also result in significant financial penalties. 
 A Fast Track designation by the FDA, such as the Fast Track designations received for EryDex, does not guarantee marketing approval and may not lead to a faster development, regulatory review or approval process. 
 In June 2024, the FDA granted Fast Track designation for our EryDex System for the treatment of patients with A-T. Fast Track designation provides opportunities for frequent interactions with FDA review staff, as well as eligibility for priority review, if relevant criteria are met, and rolling review of the sponsor s NDA. Fast Track designation is intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of an NDA to address unmet medical needs in the treatment of serious or life-threatening conditions. However, Fast Track designation does not accelerate conduct of clinical trials or mean that the regulatory requirements are less stringent, nor does it ensure that any potential EryDex NDA will be approved or that any approval will be granted within any particular timeframe. In addition, the FDA may withdraw Fast Track designation for any indication if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging from the EryDex clinical development program. 
 We may be unable to obtain and retain orphan drug designations for some of our drug candidates or to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation status, including market exclusivity, which may cause our revenue, if any, to be reduced. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and the EU, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a disease or condition with a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States when there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug in the United States will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. In the United 
 79 

Table of Content 

 States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. In the EU, the European Commission, following an opinion from the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products may grant orphan drug designation to promote the development of products (i) that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions; (ii) either such conditions affect not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU community, or without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the EU would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the drug or biological product; and (iii) there exists no satisfactory authorized method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the condition that has been authorized in the EU, or even if such method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. In the EU, orphan drug designation provides a range of potential incentives for medicinal products that have been granted an orphan designation by the European Commission, including protocol assistance, access to the centralized authorization procedure and fee reductions. 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including an NDA, to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan product exclusivity or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan product exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. A product may obtain orphan drug exclusivity for each indication that has been designated upon approval of the indication, subject to the qualifications above. Any orphan drug exclusivity granted for second or subsequent indications applies only to those subsequent indications and does not block approval of a product for the first indication once the initial period of exclusivity has expired. Moreover, even if one of our drug candidates receives orphan product exclusivity, the FDA can still approve other drugs that have a different active ingredient for use in treating the same indication or disease. 
 In the EU, upon grant of a marketing authorization, orphan medicinal products are entitled to a ten-year period of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication, which means that the EMA cannot accept another marketing authorization application or accept an application to extend for a similar product and the European Commission cannot grant a marketing authorization for the same indication for a period of ten years. The period of market exclusivity is extended by two years for orphan medicinal products that have also complied with an agreed PIP. No extension to any supplementary protection certificate can be granted on the basis of pediatric studies for orphan indications. Orphan medicinal product designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The period of market exclusivity may, however, be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria on the basis of which it received orphan medicinal product destination, including where it can be demonstrated on the basis of available evidence that the original orphan medicinal product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity or where the prevalence of the condition has increased above the threshold. Additionally, an MA may be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication during the 10 year period if: (i) if the applicant consents to a second original orphan medicinal product application; (ii) if the manufacturer of the original orphan medicinal product is unable to supply sufficient quantities; or (iii) if the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the original orphan medicinal product. A company may voluntarily remove a product from the register of orphan products. 
 We have received orphan drug designation by the FDA and European Commission for EryDex for the treatment of A-T. We may seek orphan drug designation in the United States, the EU and other European countries for additional orphan indications in which there is a medically plausible basis, including other rare diseases. In the future, exclusive marketing rights in the United States, if granted, may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan drug designated indication and may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for the orphan drug designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. In addition, although we have sought or intend to seek orphan drug designation, we may never receive approval for such designations. 
 80 

Table of Content 

 If we fail to comply with healthcare laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Our operations are subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws. The laws that may impact our operations include: 
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act; 
 federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalty laws, which impose criminal and civil penalties, including through civil qui tam or whistleblower actions, against individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them in order to have committed a violation; 
 the federal HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters; 
 HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates and their subcontractors that perform services for them that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization; 
 the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, created under the PPACA, and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services under the Open Payments Program, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians, (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 
 federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 
 analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state and foreign anti-kickback, false claims, consumer protection and unfair competition laws which may apply to pharmaceutical business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements as well as submitting claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the government that otherwise restricts payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state and foreign laws that require the registration of sales representatives; state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to file reports with states or foreign regulatory authorities regarding pricing and marketing information, such as the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensations and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; and state and foreign laws 
 81 

Table of Content 

 governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Outside the United States, interactions between pharmaceutical companies and health care professionals are also governed by strict laws, such as national anti-bribery laws of European countries, national sunshine rules, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct and physicians codes of professional conduct. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities, including compensating physicians with stock or stock options, could, despite our efforts to comply, be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our drug candidates, if approved, outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above and comparable risks, among other foreign laws. 
 We are subject to substantial government regulation that is subject to change and could force us to make modifications to how we develop, manufacture, market, and price our products in the future. 
 The medical device industry is regulated extensively by governmental authorities, principally the FDA in the U.S. and corresponding state and foreign regulatory authorities. The majority of our manufacturing processes are required to comply with quality systems regulations, including GMP requirements that cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging and shipping of our products. Failure to comply with applicable medical device regulatory requirements could result in, among other things, warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, repairs, replacements, refunds, recalls or seizures of products, total or partial suspensions of production, refusal of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities and notified bodies to grant pre-market clearances or approvals for our products or issue CE Certificated of Conformity in the EU, withdrawals, or suspensions of future or current clearances or approvals and criminal prosecution. 
 In addition, our products are subject to pre-clearance requirements by the FDA, similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, and notified bodies that govern a wide variety of product activities from design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales, and distribution. Compliance with these regulations may be time consuming, burdensome, and expensive for us. The failure to obtain, or the loss or suspension of any such pre-approval or CE Certificate of Conformity in the EU, would negatively affect our ability to sell our products and harm our anticipated revenues. 
 Foreign governmental authorities that regulate the manufacture and sale of medical devices have become increasingly stringent and, to the extent we sell our products in foreign countries, we may be subject to rigorous regulation in the future. Regulatory changes could result in restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations, higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated revenue . 
 The policies of the FDA and of comparable foreign regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our potential drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. For instance, the regulatory landscape related to clinical trials in the EU recently evolved. The CTR is intended to harmonize and streamline clinical trial authorizations, simplify adverse-event reporting procedures, improve the supervision of clinical trials and increase transparency. Specifically, the Regulation, which is directly applicable in all EU Member States, introduces a streamlined application procedure through a single-entry point, the "EU portal", the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application; as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors. A harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials has been introduced and is divided into two parts. Part I assessment is led by the competent authorities of a reference Member State selected by the trial sponsor and 
 82 

Table of Content 

 relates to clinical trial aspects that are considered to be scientifically harmonized across EU Member States. This assessment is then submitted to the competent authorities of all concerned Member States in which the trial is to be conducted for their review. Part II is assessed separately by the competent authorities and Ethics Committees in each concerned EU Member State. Individual EU Member States retain the power to authorize the conduct of clinical trials on their territory. 
 The extent to which on-going clinical trials will be governed by the CTR will depend on the duration of the individual clinical trial. For clinical trials in relation to which an application for approval was made on the basis of the CTD before January 31, 2023, the CTD will continue to apply on a transitional basis until January 31, 2025. By that date, all ongoing trials will become subject to the provisions of the CTR. The CTR will apply to clinical trials from an earlier date if the related clinical trial application was made on the basis of the CTR or if the clinical trial has already transitioned to the CTR framework before January 31, 2025. 
 In all cases, clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. Medicines used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with the guidelines on GMP and in a GMP licensed facility, which can be subject to GMP inspections. 
 In addition, on April 26, 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal for a new Directive and Regulation to revise the existing pharmaceutical legislation. If adopted in the form proposed, the recent European Commission proposals to revise the existing EU laws governing authorization of medicinal products may result in a decrease in data and market exclusivity opportunities for our drug candidates in the EU and make them open to generic or biosimilar competition earlier than is currently the case with a related reduction in reimbursement status. 
 If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any future marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we or any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage fail to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 We and any contract manufacturers and suppliers we engage are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws, regulations, and permitting requirements, including those governing laboratory procedures; the generation, handling, use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous and regulated materials and wastes; the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, and water; and employee health and safety. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and radioactive materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. Under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for costs relating to any contamination at our current or past facilities and at third-party facilities. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, drug development and manufacturing efforts. In addition, we cannot entirely eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not carry specific hazardous waste insurance coverage, and our property, casualty, and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising from hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 83 

Table of Content 

 Our business activities may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 
 Our business activities may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we may operate, including the UK Bribery Act. The FCPA generally prohibits offering, promising, giving, or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to influence official action, or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, the health care providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our dealings with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. Recently the SEC and Department of Justice have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents, contractors, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of our facilities, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our drug candidates in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, and our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Any collaboration arrangements that we may enter into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize potential future drug candidates. 
 We may consider collaboration arrangements with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for the development or commercialization of drug candidates depending on the merits of retaining or divesting some or all commercialization rights. We will face, to the extent that we decide to enter into collaboration agreements, significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are complex and time-consuming to negotiate, document, implement and maintain. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish and implement collaborations or other alternative arrangements should we so chose to enter into such arrangements. The terms of any collaborations or other arrangements that we may establish may not be favorable to us. 
 Any future collaborations that we enter into may not be successful. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborations are subject to numerous risks, which may include that: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to collaborations; 
 collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our drug candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive drug candidates, availability of funding or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 
 collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial, abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a drug candidate for clinical testing; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, drug candidates that compete directly or indirectly with our drug candidates; 
 a collaborator with marketing, manufacturing and distribution rights to one or more drug candidates may not commit sufficient resources to or otherwise not perform satisfactorily in carrying out these activities; 
 we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 
 collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability; 
 84 

Table of Content 

 disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that causes the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our current or future drug candidates or that results in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 collaborations may be terminated, and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable current or future drug candidates; 
 collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our drug candidates that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to develop or commercialize such intellectual property; and 
 a collaborator s sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws resulting in civil or criminal proceedings. 
 Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our current drug candidates, any future drug candidates, and other proprietary technology we develop, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize drug candidates similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our current drug candidate, if approved, any future drug candidates, and other proprietary technologies if approved, may be adversely affected. 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining a combination of patent protection, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our current and future drug candidates and the methods used to manufacture them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our drug candidates is dependent upon the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. 
 The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the United States or in many jurisdictions outside of the United States. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be enforced in the issued patents that we currently own, or in patents that may issue from the applications we currently or may in the future own or license from third parties. Further, if any patents we obtain or license are deemed invalid and unenforceable, our ability to commercialize or license our technology could be adversely affected. 
 Others may have filed, and in the future are likely to file, patent applications covering drug candidates that are similar, identical or competitive to ours or important to our business. We cannot be certain that any patent application owned by a third party will not have priority over patent applications filed or in-licensed by us, or that we or our licensors will not be involved in interference, opposition or invalidity proceedings before U.S. or non-U.S. patent offices. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. Only limited protection may be available and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology, competitors may be able to use our current or future drug candidates and proprietary technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example: 
 others may be able to make compounds that are similar to our drug candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our patents; 
 we might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our pending patent applications; 
 we might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 
 any patents that we obtain may not provide us with any competitive advantages; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; or 
 85 

Table of Content 

 the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Should any of these events occur, they would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 We have applied, and we intend to continue applying, for patents covering aspects of our current drug candidates and device, any future drug candidates, any future improvements on the device or other proprietary technologies and their uses that we deem appropriate. However, we may not be able to apply for patents on certain aspects of our current or future drug candidates, proprietary technologies and their uses in a timely fashion, at a reasonable cost, in all jurisdictions, or at all, and any potential patent coverage we obtain may not be sufficient to prevent substantial competition. 
 Without patent protection on our current or future drug candidates, our ability to assert our patents to stop others from using or selling our current or future drug candidates may be limited. Due to the patent laws of a country, or the decisions of a patent examiner in a country, or our own filing strategies, we may not obtain patent coverage for all of our current or future drug candidates or methods involving the use of these candidates in a particular patent application. We plan to pursue divisional patent applications or continuation patent applications in the United States and other countries, where applicable, to obtain claim coverage for inventions which were disclosed but not claimed in a particular parent patent application. 
 The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our actual or potential future collaborators will be successful in protecting our current drug candidates, any future drug candidate, and other proprietary technologies and their uses by obtaining, defending, and enforcing patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 
 the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process, the noncompliance with which can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, and partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction; 
 patent applications may not result in any patents being issued; 
 patents that may be issued or in-licensed may be challenged, invalidated, modified, revoked, circumvented, found to be unenforceable or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; 
 our competitors, many of whom have substantially greater resources than we do and many of whom have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek or may have already obtained patents that will limit, interfere with or eliminate our ability to make, use and sell our drug candidates; 
 other parties may have designed around our claims or developed technologies that may be related or competitive to our platform, may have filed or may file patent applications and may have received or may receive patents that overlap or conflict with our patent applications, either by claiming the same compounds, compositions of matter, or methods, or formulations, or by claiming subject matter that could dominate our patent position; 
 any successful opposition to any patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary to prevent others from practicing our technologies or to successfully commercialize any drug candidates that we may develop; 
 because patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to file any patent application related to our current drug candidates, any future drug candidates, and other proprietary technologies and their uses; 
 an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the USPTO to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of applications we may in-license which have an effective filing date before March 16, 2013; 
 there may be significant pressure on the U.S. government and international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful, as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns; and 
 countries other than the United States may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop and market competing drug candidates in those countries. 
 86 

Table of Content 

 The patent prosecution process is also expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection for such output. In addition, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our inventions and the prior art allow our inventions to be patentable over the prior art. Furthermore, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in any of our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. We may also rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or feasible. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful. Further, our issued patents could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court, and we may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. 
 Third parties, including competitors, may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our patents, patents that may issue to us in the future, or the patents of our licensors that are licensed to us. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may need to choose to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of our intellectual property, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. If we choose to go to court to stop another party from using the inventions claimed in any patents we obtain, that individual or company has the right to ask the court to rule that such patents are invalid or should not be enforced against that third party for any number of reasons. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge include an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements for patentability, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could include an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO, even outside the context of litigation. Similar mechanisms for challenging the validity and enforceability of a patent exist in non-U.S. patent offices and may result in the revocation, cancellation, or amendment of any non-U.S. patents we hold in the future. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable, and prior art could render our patents, or those of our licensor s, invalid. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on one or more drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 These lawsuits are expensive and would consume time and resources and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel even if we were successful in stopping the infringement of such patents. In addition, there is a risk that the court will decide that such patents are not valid and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the claimed inventions. There is also the risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will refuse to stop the other party on the ground that such other party s activities do not infringe our rights to such patents. In addition, the U.S. Supreme Court has recently modified some tests used by the USPTO in granting patents over the past 20 years, which may decrease the likelihood that we will be able to obtain patents and increase the likelihood of challenge of any patents we obtain or license. 
 Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications, or those of our licensor s. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on 
 87 

Table of Content 

 commercially reasonable terms or at all, or if a non-exclusive license is offered and our competitors gain access to the same technology. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties or enter into development or manufacturing partnerships that would help us bring our current and any future drug candidates to market. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Our ability to enforce our patent rights depends on our ability to detect infringement. It may be difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components or methods that are used in connection with their drug candidates. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s drug candidate. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail may not be commercially meaningful. 
 In addition, proceedings to enforce or defend our patents, including those of our licensor s, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Such proceedings could also provoke third parties to assert claims against us, including that some or all of the claims in one or more of our patents are invalid or otherwise unenforceable. If any of our patents covering our drug candidates are invalidated or found unenforceable, or if a court found that valid, enforceable patents held by third parties covered one or more of our drug candidates, our competitive position could be harmed or we could be required to incur significant expenses to enforce or defend our rights. If we initiate lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, or litigate against third party claims, such proceedings would be expensive and would divert the attention of our management and technical personnel. 
 We may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may prevent or delay our drug development efforts and stop us from commercializing or increase the costs of commercializing our drug candidates. 
 Our success will depend in part on our ability to operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties. We cannot guarantee that our drug candidates, or manufacture or use of our drug candidates, will not infringe third-party patents. 
 Furthermore, a third party may claim that we or our manufacturing or commercialization collaborators are using inventions covered by the third party s patent rights and may go to court to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities, including making or selling our drug candidates. These lawsuits are costly and could affect our results of operations and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel. There is a risk that a court would decide that we or our commercialization collaborators are infringing the third party s patents and would order us or our collaborators to stop the activities covered by the patents. In that event, we or our commercialization collaborators may not have a viable way around the patent and may need to halt commercialization of the relevant drug candidate. In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us or our collaborators to pay the other party damages for having violated the other party s patents. If we collaborate with third parties in the development of technology in the future, our collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to litigation or potential liability. Further, our collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability. In the future, we may agree to indemnify our collaborators against certain intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have produced a 
 88 

Table of Content 

 proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of drug candidates or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. 
 Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time consuming and could: 
 result in costly litigation; 
 divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; 
 cause development delays; 
 prevent us from out-licensing or commercializing EryDex, or our other drug candidates until the asserted patent expires or is finally held invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed in a court of law; 
 require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis; 
 require us to pay damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing, which may include treble damages if we are found to have been willfully infringing such intellectual property; 
 require us to pay the attorney s fees and costs of litigation to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing; and/or 
 require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our drug candidates or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid or unenforceable, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity or unenforceability is difficult. 
 For example, in the United States, proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and divert management s time and attention in pursuing these proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others, we may be required to seek a license, which may not be available, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity or enforceability of the patents in court. Patent litigation is costly and time consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In addition, if we do not obtain a license, develop or obtain non-infringing technology, fail to defend an infringement action successfully or have infringed patents declared invalid or unenforceable, we may incur substantial monetary damages, encounter significant delays in bringing our drug candidates to market and be precluded from manufacturing or selling our drug candidates. 
 We do not routinely conduct independent reviews of pending patent applications of and patents issued to third parties. We cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications, or that we were the first to invent the technology, because: 
 some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued; 
 patent applications in the United States and elsewhere can be pending for many years before issuance, or unintentionally abandoned patents or applications can be revived; 
 pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, our drug candidates or the use of our drug candidates; 
 identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims; 
 patent applications in the United States are typically not published until 18 months after the priority date; and 
 publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries. 
 Furthermore, the scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history and can involve other factors such as expert opinion. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of claims in a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to 
 89 

Table of Content 

 market our drug candidates. Further, we may incorrectly determine that our technologies, or drug candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our drug candidates. 
 Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering technology similar to ours, and others may have or obtain patents or proprietary rights that could limit our ability to make, use, sell, offer for sale or import our drug candidates and future approved products or impair our competitive position. Numerous third-party U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications exist in the fields in which we are developing drug candidates. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to compositions, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our drug candidates. Any such patent application may have priority over our patent applications, which could further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that such efforts would be unsuccessful if, unbeknownst to us, the other party had independently arrived at the same or similar inventions prior to our own inventions, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position with respect to such inventions. Other countries have similar laws that permit secrecy of patent applications, and may be entitled to priority over our applications in such jurisdictions. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 
 We may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent, which might adversely affect our ability to develop and market our products. 
 As the biotechnology industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our drug candidates may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. There can be no assurance that our operations do not, or will not in the future, infringe existing or future third-party patents. Identification of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our operations is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. We cannot guarantee that any of our patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified each and every third-party patent and pending application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization of our drug candidates in any jurisdiction. 
 Numerous U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications exist in our market that are owned by third parties. Our competitors in both the United States and abroad, many of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in patent portfolios and competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained or may in the future apply for and obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use and sell our products. We do not always conduct independent reviews of pending patent applications of and patents issued to third parties. Patent applications in the United States and elsewhere are typically published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Certain U.S. applications that will not be filed outside the U.S. can remain confidential until patents issue. In addition, patent applications in the United States and elsewhere can be pending for many years before issuance, or unintentionally abandoned patents or applications can be revived. Furthermore, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our technologies, our products or the use of our products. As such, there may be applications of others now pending or recently revived patents of which we are unaware. These patent applications may later result in issued patents, or the revival of previously abandoned patents, that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our products. 
 The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect. For example, we may incorrectly determine that our products are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third-party s pending application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our products. 
 90 

Table of Content 

 We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our current technology, including our research programs, drug candidates, their respective methods of use, manufacture and formulations thereof, and could result in either an injunction prohibiting our manufacture or future sales, or, with respect to our future sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties, which could be significant. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on any issued patents and/or pending applications are due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ an outside firm to pay these fees due to the USPTO and non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. If we license intellectual property, we may have to rely upon our licensors to comply with these requirements and effect payment of these fees with respect to any patents and patent applications that we license. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. If we are not able to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and drug candidate could be significantly diminished. 
 As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be subject to claims that these employees, or we, have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. We may also be subject to claims that former employees, or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. In addition, we may face claims by third parties that our agreements with employees, contractors or consultants obligating them to assign intellectual property to us are ineffective or in conflict with prior or competing contractual obligations of assignment, which could result in ownership disputes regarding intellectual property we have developed or will develop and interfere with our ability to capture the commercial value of such intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors, and invention assignment agreements with employees, consultants and advisors, to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using commonly accepted physical and technological security measures. Despite these efforts, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed, and these agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. For example, the FDA, as part of its Transparency Initiative, is currently considering whether to make additional information publicly available on a routine basis, including information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary 
 91 

Table of Content 

 information, and it is not clear at the present time how the FDA s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 
 In addition, such security measures may not provide adequate protection for our proprietary information, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee, consultant, customer or third party with authorized access. Our security measures may not prevent an employee, consultant or customer from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and any recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our drug candidates that we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Even though we use commonly accepted security measures, the criteria for protection of trade secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. 
 Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time- consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, third parties may still obtain this information or may come upon this or similar information independently, and we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. Trade secrets could over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from company to company or academic to industry scientific positions. 
 Though our agreements with third parties typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, collaborators, licensors, suppliers, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. Because from time to time we expect to rely on third parties in the development, manufacture, and distribution of our drug candidates and provision of our services, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. Despite employing the contractual and other security precautions described above, the need to share trade secrets increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. If any of these events occurs or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets, the value of this information may be greatly reduced and our competitive position would be harmed. 
 In the future, we may need to obtain licenses of third-party technology that may not be available to us or are available only on commercially unreasonable terms, and which may cause us to operate our business in a more costly or otherwise adverse manner that was not anticipated. 
 From time to time we may be required to license technology from third parties to further develop or commercialize our drug candidates. Should we be required to obtain licenses to any third-party technology, including any such patents required to manufacture, use or sell our drug candidates, such licenses may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain any third-party license required to develop or commercialize any of our drug candidates could cause us to abandon any related efforts, which could seriously harm our business and operations. 
 Where we obtain licenses from or collaborate with third parties, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from third parties, or such activities, if controlled by us, may require the input of such third parties. We may also require the cooperation of our licensors and collaborators to enforce any licensed patent rights, and such cooperation may not be provided. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which may affect the validity and enforceability of such patents or any patents that may issue from such applications. Moreover, if we do obtain necessary licenses, we will likely have obligations under those licenses, including making royalty and milestone payments, and any failure to satisfy those obligations could give our licensor the right to terminate the license. 
 Termination of a necessary license, or expiration of licensed patents or patent applications, could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our business would suffer if any such licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents against infringing third parties, if the licensed patents or other 
 92 

Table of Content 

 rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. Furthermore, if any exclusive licenses terminate, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors or other third parties may gain the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, drug candidates identical to ours. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor s rights. In addition, while we cannot currently determine the amount of the royalty obligations, we would be required to pay on sales of future drug candidates, if any, the amounts may be significant. The amount of our future royalty obligations will likely depend on the technology and intellectual property we use in drug candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize, if any. Therefore, even if we successfully develop and commercialize drug candidates, we may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make drug candidates that are similar to ours but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own; 
 we or future collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed; 
 we or future collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 
 it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 
 issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 
 our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive drug candidates for sale in our major commercial markets; 
 we cannot ensure that any of our patents, or any of our pending patent applications, if issued, or those of our licensors, will include claims having a scope sufficient to protect our drug candidates; 
 we cannot ensure that any patents issued to us or our licensors will provide a basis for an exclusive market for our commercially viable drug candidates or will provide us with any competitive advantages; 
 we cannot ensure that our commercial activities or drug candidates will not infringe upon the patents of others; 
 we cannot ensure that we will be able to successfully commercialize our drug candidates on a substantial scale, if approved, before the relevant patents that we own or license expire; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and 
 the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business, including if others obtain patents claiming subject matter similar to or improving that covered by our patents and patent applications; 
 Should any of these events occur, they would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 Because of the expense and uncertainty of litigation, we may not be in a position to enforce our intellectual property rights against third parties. 
 Because of the expense and uncertainty of litigation, we may conclude that even if a third party is infringing our issued patent, any patents that may be issued as a result of our pending or future patent applications or other intellectual property rights, the risk-adjusted cost of bringing and enforcing such a claim or action may be too high or not in the best interest of our company or our stockholders. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and 
 93 

Table of Content 

 developed intellectual property portfolios. In such cases, we may decide that the more prudent course of action is to simply monitor the situation or initiate or seek some other non-litigious action or solution. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could compromise our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our internal research programs, in-license needed technology or other drug candidates, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our drug candidates to market. In such cases, we may decide that the more prudent course of action is to simply monitor the situation or initiate or seek some other non-litigious action or solution. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Patents are of national or regional effect, and filing, prosecuting and defending patents on all of our drug candidates throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. As such, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing drug candidates made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Further, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing drug candidates in violation of our proprietary rights generally. In addition, certain developing countries, including China and India, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, some countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit, and in those countries, we and our licensors and licensees may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we or our licensors or licensees are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Further, competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own drug candidates and, further, may export otherwise infringing drug candidates to territories where we have patent protection but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These drug candidates may compete with our drug candidates, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 In Europe, beginning June 1, 2023, European applications and patent may be subjected to the jurisdiction of the UPC. Also, European applications will have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the UPC. This will be a significant change in European patent practice. As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty. As a single court system can invalidate a European patent, we, where applicable may opt out of the UPC and as such, each European patent would need to be challenged in each individual country. 
 Geo-political actions in the United States and in foreign countries could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution or maintenance of our patent applications or those of any current or future licensors and the maintenance, enforcement or defense of our issued patents or those of any current or future licensors. 
 Changes in patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our drug candidates. 
 As is the case with other biotechnology companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Our patent rights may be affected by developments or uncertainty in U.S. or non-U.S. patent statutes, patent case laws in USPTO rules and regulations or in the rules and regulations of non-U.S. patent offices. 
 Obtaining and enforcing patents in the pharmaceutical industry involves both technological and legal complexity and is therefore costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs. Recent patent reform legislation in the United States and other countries, including the AIA, signed into law on September 16, 2011, could increase those uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 
 94 

Table of Content 

 The AIA includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and provide more efficient and cost-effective avenues for competitors to challenge the validity of patents. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter parties review, and derivation proceedings. After March 2013, under the AIA, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that the other statutory requirements are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. However, the AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, Congress may pass patent reform legislation that is unfavorable to us. 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. courts, the USPTO and the relevant law-making bodies in other countries, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 We may become subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. The failure to name the proper inventors on a patent application can result in the patents issuing thereon being unenforceable. Inventorship disputes may arise from conflicting views regarding the contributions of different individuals named as inventors, the effects of foreign laws where foreign nationals are involved in the development of the subject matter of the patent, conflicting obligations of third parties involved in developing our drug candidates or as a result of questions regarding co-ownership of potential joint inventions. Litigation may be necessary to resolve these and other claims challenging inventorship and/or ownership. Alternatively, or additionally, we may enter into agreements to clarify the scope of our rights in such intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 Our licensors may have relied on third-party consultants or collaborators or on funds from third parties, such as the U.S. government, such that our licensors are not the sole and exclusive owners of the patents we in-licensed. If other third parties have ownership rights or other rights to our in-licensed patents, they may be able to license such patents to our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 In addition, we may be unsuccessful in executing agreements assigning such intellectual property to us with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our drug candidates for an adequate amount of time, and if we do not obtain patent term extension for our drug candidates, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Patent rights are of limited duration. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after its first effective non-provisional filing date. In addition, although upon issuance a U.S. patent s life can be increased based on certain delays caused by the USPTO, this increase can be reduced or eliminated based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new drug candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such drug candidates are commercialized. Even if patents covering our drug candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a drug candidate, we may be open to competition from generic products. A patent term extension of up to five years based on regulatory delay may be available in the United States under the Hatch- Waxman Act. However, only a single patent can be 
 95 

Table of Content 

 extended for each marketing approval, and any patent can be extended only once, for a single drug candidate. Moreover, the scope of protection during the period of the patent term extension does not extend to the full scope of the claim, but instead only to the scope of the drug candidate as approved. Further, a patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of drug candidate approval and only those claims covering such approved drug candidate, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Laws governing analogous patent term extensions in foreign jurisdictions vary widely, as do laws governing the ability to obtain multiple patents from a single patent family. Additionally, we may not receive an extension if we fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration, or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our drug candidate will be shortened and our competitors may obtain approval of competing drug candidates following our patent expiration, and our revenue could be reduced. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our current or future trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. We may license our trademarks and trade names to third parties, such as distributors. Though these license agreements may provide guidelines for how our trademarks and trade names may be used, a breach of these agreements or misuse of our trademarks and trade names by our licensees may jeopardize our rights in or diminish the goodwill associated with our trademarks and trade names. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Moreover, any name we have proposed to use with our drug candidate in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. Similar requirements exist in Europe. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed drug candidate names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other drug candidate names. If the FDA (or an equivalent administrative body in a foreign jurisdiction) objects to any of our proposed proprietary drug candidate names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable substitute name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. Furthermore, in many countries, owning and maintaining a trademark registration may not provide an adequate defense against a subsequent infringement claim asserted by the owner of a senior trademark. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. If we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 
 We cannot ensure that patent rights relating to inventions described and claimed in our pending patent applications will issue or that patents based on our patent applications will not be challenged and rendered invalid and/or unenforceable. 
 The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our potential future collaborators will be successful in protecting our drug candidates by obtaining and defending patents. We have pending U.S. and foreign patent applications in our portfolio; however, we cannot predict: 
 if and when patents may issue based on our patent applications; 
 the scope of protection of any patent issuing based on our patent applications; 
 whether the claims of any patent issuing based on our patent applications will provide protection against competitors; 
 96 

Table of Content 

 whether or not third parties will find ways to invalidate or circumvent our patent rights; 
 whether or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications; 
 whether we will need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings to enforce and/or defend our patent rights which will be costly whether we win or lose; 
 whether the patent applications that we own or in-license will result in issued patents with claims that cover our drug candidates or uses thereof in the United States or in other foreign countries; and/or 
 whether we may experience patent office interruption or delays to our ability to timely secure patent coverage to our drug candidates. 
 We cannot be certain that the claims in our pending patent applications directed to our drug candidates and/or technologies will be considered patentable by the USPTO or by patent offices in foreign countries. There can be no assurance that any such patent applications will issue as granted patents. One aspect of the determination of patentability of our inventions depends on the scope and content of the prior art, information that was or is deemed available to a person of skill in the relevant art prior to the priority date of the claimed invention. There may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the patentability of our patent claims or, if issued, affect the validity or enforceability of a patent claim. Even if the patents do issue based on our patent applications, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, patents in our portfolio may not adequately exclude third parties from practicing relevant technology or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of our intellectual property position with respect to our drug candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop and threaten our ability to commercialize our drug candidates. In the event of litigation or administrative proceedings, we cannot be certain that the claims in any of our issued patents will be considered valid by courts in the United States or foreign countries. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our drug candidates through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Because our development programs may in the future require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license, or use these third-party proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary for our drug candidates. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of the relevant program or drug candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 While we normally seek to obtain the right to control prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of the patents relating to our drug candidates, there may be times when the filing and prosecution activities for patents and patent applications relating to our drug candidates are controlled by our future licensors or collaboration partners. If any of our future licensors or collaboration partners fail to prosecute, maintain and enforce such patents and patent applications in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business, including by payment of all applicable fees for patents covering our drug candidates, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or our exclusivity with respect to those rights, our ability to develop and commercialize those drug candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing products. In addition, even where we have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications we have licensed to and from third parties, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of our licensees, our future licensors and their counsel that took place prior to the date upon which we assumed control over patent prosecution. 
 We may enter into license agreements in the future with others to advance our existing or future research or allow commercialization of our existing or future drug candidates. These licenses may not provide exclusive rights to use such 
 97 

Table of Content 

 intellectual property and technology in all relevant fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our technology and products in the future. 
 In addition, subject to the terms of any such license agreements, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution, maintenance, enforcement, and defense of patents and patent applications covering the technology that we license from third parties. In such an event, we cannot be certain that these patents and patent applications will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, enforced, and defended in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our future licensors fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce, and defend such patents or patent applications, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, and our right to develop and commercialize any of our future drug candidates that are subject of such licensed rights could be adversely affected. 
 Our future licensors may rely on third-party consultants or collaborators or on funds from third parties such that our future licensors are not the sole and exclusive owners of the patents we in-license. If other third parties have ownership rights to our future in-licensed patents, they may be able to license such patents to our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 It is possible that we may be unable to obtain licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, drug candidates, or the methods for manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected drug candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our current technology, manufacturing methods, drug candidates, or future methods or products resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our manufacture or future sales, or, with respect to our future sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties, which could be significant. 
 Disputes may arise between us and our future licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 our right to sublicense patents and other rights to third parties; 
 our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 
 our right to transfer or assign the license; 
 the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our future licensors and us and our partners; and 
 the priority of invention of patented technology. 
 In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we license in the future prevent or impair our ability to maintain our licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected drug candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 In spite of our best efforts, our future licensors might conclude that we materially breached our license agreements and might therefore terminate the license agreements, thereby removing our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements. If these in-licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, 
 98 

Table of Content 

 products identical to ours. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 From time to time, we may be required to license technologies relating to our therapeutic research programs from additional third parties to further develop or commercialize our drug candidates. Should we be required to obtain licenses to any third-party technology, including any such patents required to manufacture, use or sell our drug candidates, such licenses may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain any third-party license required to develop or commercialize any of our drug candidates could cause us to abandon any related efforts, which could seriously harm our business and operations. 
 Any future collaborations that we enter into may not be successful. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborations are subject to numerous risks, which may include that: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to collaborations; 
 collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our products or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on trial or test results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability of funding or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or drug candidates; 
 a collaborator with marketing, manufacturing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to or otherwise not perform satisfactorily in carrying out these activities; 
 we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 
 collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability; 
 disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that causes the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our future drug candidates or that results in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 collaborations may be terminated, and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable current and future drug candidates; 
 collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our products that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to develop or commercialize such intellectual property; and 
 a collaborator s sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws resulting in civil or criminal proceedings. 
 We may encounter difficulties in managing our growth and expanding our operations successfully. 
 As we seek to advance our product candidates through clinical trials and, if approved, through commercialization, we will need to expand our development, regulatory, quality assurance, manufacturing, commercialization, compliance, and administration capabilities or contract with third parties to provide these capabilities for us. As our operations expand, we expect that we will need to increase the responsibilities on members of management and manage any future growth effectively. Our failure to effectively manage our growth in this regard could prevent us from successfully implementing our strategy and maintaining the confidence of investors in our company. 
 Our stockholders may realize little or no value from the divestiture of our legacy assets, and as a result our stock price may decline, we could be subject to litigation, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 We have sold our legacy small molecule protease inhibitor portfolio to Lighthouse, which is a newly organized, private development stage company in the start-up phase, and has only recently commenced its operations. There is currently no existing public market for the shares of Lighthouse's common stock, and there can be no assurance that an active public 
 99 

Table of Content 

 market will ever develop. The absence of an active public market for these securities would make it difficult for us to sell the shares of Lighthouse's common stock and realize any value from them. To date, Lighthouse s operations have been primarily limited to organizing and staffing its company and completing the acquisition of our legacy assets. Accordingly, it is difficult if not impossible to predict Lighthouse s future performance or to evaluate its business and prospects, or ability to develop our legacy assets. For these and other reasons, our stockholders may realize little or no value from the divestiture of our legacy assets. 
 The divestiture of our legacy assets or previously announced change in our corporate strategy, including the termination of the license for NOV004, could result in litigation against us, including litigation arising from or related to the value, received in the sale of our legacy assets to Lighthouse. For example, some of our investors purchased shares of our common stock because they were interested in the opportunities presented by our small molecule protease inhibitor portfolio, others because they were interested in our bone-targeting drug platform. Thus, certain stockholders may have attributed substantial financial value to our legacy assets or NOV004. If our stockholders believe that the financial value which is or may be received by us or them from the divestiture of our assets is inadequate, our stock price may decline and litigation may occur. As a result of these and other factors, we may be exposed to a number of risks, including declines or fluctuations in our stock price, additional legal fees, and distractions to our management caused by activities undertaken in connection with resolving any disputes related to these transactions. The occurrence of any one or more of the above could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 
 Risks Relating to Owning Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate or decline, resulting in a substantial loss of your investment. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many risk factors listed in this section, and others beyond our control, including: 
 our integration efforts related to our acquisition of EryDel; 
 changes in our business strategy; 
 timing and results of clinical trials; 
 our ability to identify partnership and licensing opportunities to support the future development of EryDex; 
 market opportunity for A-T and future indications; 
 any delays in manufacturing of drug supplies, results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for drug candidates; 
 regulatory actions with respect to our drug candidates or our competitors drug candidates; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results, including fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results; 
 announcement of actual or anticipated reduction in force, including our recent reduction in force; 
 announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors; 
 overall conditions in our industry and the markets in which we operate; 
 addition or loss of significant customers, or other developments with respect to significant customers; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our drug candidates; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 competition from existing drug candidates or new drug candidates that may emerge; 
 issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts; 
 cash runway expectations; 
 100 

Table of Content 

 fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 
 disputes or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our technologies; 
 announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; 
 market conditions for pharmaceutical stocks in general; 
 our ability to maintain compliance with Nasdaq minimum listing requirements; 
 general economic and market conditions; and 
 ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls or internal controls. 
 Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We may be subject to securities class action and stockholder derivative actions. These, and potential similar or related litigation, could result in substantial damages and may divert management s time and attention from our business and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may become the target of securities class actions or stockholder derivative claims. Securities-related class action litigation has often been brought against companies, including many biotechnology companies, which experience volatility in the market price of their securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology companies often experience significant stock price volatility in connection with their product development programs. Any preclinical or clinical trial results that the investors may deem as unfavorable, volatility in our stock price and other matters affecting our business and operations may subject us to actual and threatened securities class actions or stockholder derivative claims. In addition, we may be exposed to increased litigation from stockholders, customers, suppliers, consumers and other third parties due to the combination of EryDel's and Novosteo s business and ours following the EryDel and Novosteo Acquisitions, out-licensing of our legacy assets and NOV004. These types of proceedings may result in substantial costs, divert management s attention from other business concerns and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Certain holders of our common stock have rights, subject to conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in Securities Act registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. Once we register these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market. Moreover, we have also registered under the Securities Act shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. 
 In addition, the issuance of shares under awards granted under existing or future employee equity benefit plans may cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. In the future, we may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity or debt securities convertible into common stock in connection with a financing, acquisition, litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 101 

Table of Content 

 We have in the past and may in the future fail to meet the requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq. If we fail to maintain compliance with the minimum listing requirements, our common stock may be delisted, which could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity of our common stock. 
 Our common stock currently trades on the Nasdaq. The Nasdaq has requirements that a company must meet in order to remain listed on Nasdaq. For example, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the Minimum Bid Price Requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive trading days. 
 On June 20, 2024, we received written notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq (the Nasdaq Listing Department notifying us that, based on the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 34 consecutive trading days, we no longer comply with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement The 2024 Notice had no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. Pursuant to the Nasdaq Listing Rules, we have been provided an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days from the Notice to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of our common stock must be at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days prior to December 17, 2024, and we must otherwise satisfy The Nasdaq Global Select Market s requirements for listing. On November 12, 2024, the Company received written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last 10 consecutive business days, from October 29, 2024, through November 11, 2024, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock was 1.00 per share or greater. Accordingly, the written notice stated that the Company has regained compliance with the minimum bid price listing requirement set forth under the Rule and that the matter was now closed. 
 Additionally, in December 2022, we received a written notice from the Nasdaq Listing Department notifying us that we were in noncompliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and we regained compliance in April 2023. In December 2023, we again received a written notice from the Nasdaq Listing Department notifying us that we were in noncompliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and regained compliance later in December 2023. T here can be no assurance that we will continue to meet the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, or any other Nasdaq requirements, in the future. 
 Furthermore, we may also be unable to meet other applicable Nasdaq listing requirements, including maintaining minimum levels of stockholders equity or market values of our common stock, in which case our common stock could be delisted. If our common stock were to be delisted, the liquidity of our common stock would be adversely affected, and the market price of our common stock could decrease. 
 We have never paid dividends on our common stock and we do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. Consequently, any gains from an investment in our common stock will likely depend on whether the price of our common stock increases. 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our charter documents and Delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also reduce the market price of our stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions include: 
 providing for a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year terms; 
 authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could discourage a takeover attempt or delay changes in control; 
 prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 102 

Table of Content 

 providing that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; 
 prohibiting the adoption, amendment or repeal of our amended and restated bylaws or the repeal of the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors without the required approval of at least 66.67 of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors; 
 prohibiting stockholder action by written consent; 
 limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders; and 
 requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals. 
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, or the DGCL, govern us. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a certain period of time without the consent of our board of directors. 
 These and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock and result in the market price of our common stock being lower than it would be without these provisions. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders abilities to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any of our directors, officers, employees or agents or our stockholders; 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising under the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine; 
 provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. 
 We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws by chancellors and judges, as applicable, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. However, these provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. While the Delaware Supreme Court recently determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against us, our directors, officers, or other employees in a venue other than in the federal district courts of the United States of America. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and this may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 
 103 

Table of Content 

 Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL, our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 
 we will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful; 
 we may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law; 
 we are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification; 
 we will not be obligated pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification; 
 the rights conferred in our amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and 
 we may not retroactively amend our amended and restated bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those used by our third-party research institution collaborators, CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in adverse consequences including, but not limited to, regulatory investigations or actions, litigation, fines/penalties, disruptions of our business operations, reputational harm, and loss of revenue or profits. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely process sensitive data, and, as a result, we and the third parties upon which we rely face a variety of evolving threats that could cause security incidents. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, hacktivists, individual threat actors, organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures designed to detect and mitigate vulnerabilities, our internal computer systems and those of our CROs and other contractors and consultants may be vulnerable to damage from sources including, but not limited to, malicious code e.g. , computer viruses), malware, ransomware attacks, software or hardware failures, telecommunications failures, and unauthorized access (including as a result of personnel misconduct or error). In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, ability to provide our products or services, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Additionally, remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers, and devices outside our premises or network. 
 Although to our knowledge we have not experienced any such material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, as well as adverse consequences including, but not limited to, investigations, fines/penalties, litigation, and reputational harm. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we rely on our third-party research institution collaborators for research and development of our drug candidates and other third parties for the manufacture of our drug candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Our reliance on 
 104 

Table of Content 

 third-party service providers could also introduce new cyber security risks and vulnerabilities, such as supply-chain attacks. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or systems, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of our drug candidates could be delayed. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, or that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 Our ability to utilize our federal net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be limited. 
 Our net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities because of their limited duration or because of restrictions under U.S. tax law. NOLs generated in tax years ending on or prior to December 31, 2017 are only permitted to be carried forward for 20 taxable years under applicable U.S. federal tax law. Moreover, under the Tax Act as modified by the CARES Act, federal NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs may be limited to 80 of taxable income for tax years beginning January 1, 2018. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, limitations on a corporation s ability to use its NOLs and tax credit carryforwards apply if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period. If we have experienced an ownership change at any time since our incorporation, we may already be subject to limitations on our ability to utilize our existing NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset taxable income or tax liability. In addition, future changes in our stock ownership, which may be outside of our control, may trigger an ownership change. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes. As a result, even if we earn net taxable income in the future, our ability to use our pre-change NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset such taxable income or tax liability may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future income tax liability to us. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 In November 2024, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment of the Debt Agreement with EIB which waives the Minimum Cash Covenant from January 1, 2025 and up to the earlier of December 31, 2025, or the date the Minimum Cash Covenant is restored. Under the terms of the Amendment, the Company agreed to amendments requiring monthly reporting of cash balances and additional limitations on certain permitted acquisitions. Additionally, during the waiver period, the Company agreed to convert 2 of the total 9 deferred interest on Tranches A and B to be payable quarterly, with the first payment due on March 31, 2025, and a one-time fee of 20,000 euros in connection with the Amendment. 
 105 

Table of Content 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 The exhibits filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Exhibit Index, timely and successful completion which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Incorporated by Reference Form Filing Date Number Filed 
 Herewith 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 5/13/2019 001-38890 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the registrant s Certificate of Incorporation, effective August 1, 2022 
 8-K 8/1/2022 001-38890 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 8-K 8/1/2022 001-38890 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 X 32.1# Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2# Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101) 
 # In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 106 

Table of Content 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Quince Therapeutics, Inc. Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ Dirk Thye Dirk Thye Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: /s/ Brendan Hannah Brendan Hannah Chief Business Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 107 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 qncx-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Dirk Thye, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Quince Therapeutics, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Dirk Thye Dirk Thye Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 qncx-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brendan Hannah, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Quince Therapeutics, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Brendan Hannah Brendan Hannah Chief Business Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 qncx-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Quince Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-149b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 By s Dirk Thye Dirk Thye Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Quince Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 qncx-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Quince Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-149b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 By s Brendan Hannah Brendan Hannah Chief Business Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Quince Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 qncx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 qncx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 qncx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 qncx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 qncx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

