<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_880631_0001214659-24-018545.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11859940</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>165444</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2778781</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2008443</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2271419</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2400397</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-24-018545.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107143030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-24-018545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WisdomTree, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880631
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				133487784
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10932
		FILM NUMBER:		241434721

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 34TH STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-801-2080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 34TH STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WisdomTree Investments, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INDEX DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020812

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FINANCIAL DATA SYSTEMS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-24-018545.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 wt-20240930.htm

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

________________________ 

Form 

________________________ 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from____to____. 

Commission File Number 

________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 - 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

________________________ 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 4, 2024, there were 
shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding. 

WISDOMTREE, INC. 

Form 10-Q 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 4 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 4 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 35 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 54 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 55 PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 56 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 56 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 56 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 57 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 57 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 57 ITEM 5. 57 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 58 

Unless otherwise indicated, references to the Company, 
 we, us, our and WisdomTree mean WisdomTree, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

WisdomTree , WisdomTree Prime , WisdomTree
Connect and Modern Alpha are trademarks of WisdomTree, Inc. in the United States and in other countries. All other
trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 

2 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or Report,
contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available
to our management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements
relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expects, intends, 
 plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, 
 continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. You should
not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect our results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ
materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed in the section entitled Risk Factors included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and in subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions
prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements.
No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Report and the documents that we reference in
this Report and have filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Report, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

In particular, forward-looking statements in
this Report may include statements about: 

anticipated trends, conditions and investor sentiment in the global markets and exchange-traded products, or ETPs; 

anticipated levels of inflows into and outflows out of our ETPs; 

our ability to deliver favorable rates of return to investors; 

competition in our business; 

whether we will experience future growth; 

our ability to develop new products and services and their potential for success; 

our ability to maintain current vendors or find new vendors to provide services to us at favorable costs; 

our ability to successfully implement our strategy relating to digital assets and blockchain-enabled financial services, including
WisdomTree Prime and WisdomTree Connect, and achieve its objectives; 

our ability to successfully operate and expand our business in non-U.S. markets; 

the effect of laws and regulations that apply to our business; and 

actions of activist stockholders. 

The forward-looking statements in this Report
represent our views as of the date of this Report. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change.
However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing
so except to the extent required by applicable law. Therefore, these forward-looking statements do not represent our views as of any date
other than the date of this Report. 

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I: FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Assets 
 (unaudited) 

Current assets: 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (including and invested in the WisdomTree Government Money Market Digital Fund at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Financial instruments owned, at fair value (including and invested in WisdomTree products at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) (Note 5) 

Accounts receivable (including 33,764 and 28,511 due from related parties at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Securities held-to-maturity 

Deferred tax assets, net (Note 21) 

Investments (Note 7) 

Right of use assets operating leases (Note 13) 

Goodwill (Note 23) 

Intangible assets, net (Note 23) 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Fund management and administration payable 

Compensation and benefits payable 

Payable to Gold Bullion Holdings (Jersey) Limited GBH (Note 12) 

Income taxes payable 

Operating lease liabilities (Note 13) 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes (Note 10) 

Payable to GBH (Note 12) 

Operating lease liabilities long term 

Total liabilities 

Preferred stock Series A Non-Voting Convertible, par value ; and shares authorized, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; redemption value of 0 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) (Note 11)

Contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized 

Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; issued and outstanding: and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating Revenues: 

Advisory fees 

Other revenues 

Total revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Compensation and benefits 

Fund management and administration 

Marketing and advertising 

Sales and business development 

Contractual gold payments (Note 9) 

Professional fees 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

Depreciation and amortization 

Third-party distribution fees 

Other 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Other Income/(Expenses): 

Interest expense 

Gain on revaluation/termination of deferred consideration gold payments (Note 9) 

Interest income 

Impairments (Note 25) 

Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes (Note 10) 

Other losses, net 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net (loss)/income 

(Loss)/earnings per share basic 

(Loss)/earnings per share diluted 

Weighted-average common shares basic 

Weighted-average common shares diluted 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss)/Income 

(In Thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net (loss)/income 

Other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of income taxes 

Other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Comprehensive (loss)/income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

(In Thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Series
C 
Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated Other 

Shares Issued 
 Par Value 
 Shares Issued 
 Par Value 
 Paid-In 
Capital 
 Comprehensive 
(Loss)/Income 
 Retained Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance July 1, 2024 

Shares repurchased 

Restricted stock issued and vesting of restricted stock units, net 

Stock-based compensation 

Repurchase of Series A Preferred Stock (Note 11) 

Excise taxes stock repurchases 

Other comprehensive income 

Dividends 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Series C 

 Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Accumulated 
Other 

Shares 
 Issued 

Par 
 Value 

Shares 
 Issued 

Par 
 Value 

Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance July 1, 2023 

Shares repurchased 

Restricted stock issued and vesting of restricted stock units, net 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

Dividends 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

(In Thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Series C Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated Other 

Shares Issued 
 Par Value 
 Shares Issued 
 Par Value 
 Paid-In 
Capital 
 Comprehensive (Loss)/Income 
 Retained Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance January 1, 2024 

Restricted stock issued and vesting of restricted stock units, net 

Shares repurchased 

Stock-based compensation 

Repurchase of Series A Preferred Stock (Note 11) 

Excise taxes Stock repurchases 

Other comprehensive income 

Dividends 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Series C Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated Other 

Shares Issued 
 Par Value 
 Shares Issued 
 Par Value 
 Paid-In Capital 
 Comprehensive Loss 
 Retained Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance January 1, 2023 

Shares issued in connection with termination of the deferred consideration gold payments obligation, net of issuance costs (Note 9) 

Restricted stock issued and vesting of restricted stock units, net 

Shares issued in connection with convertible notes that matured on June 15, 2023 (Note 10) 

Shares repurchased 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

Dividends 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In Thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Advisory and license fees paid in gold, other precious metals and cryptocurrency 

Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes 

Stock-based compensation 

(Gains)/losses on financial instruments owned, at fair value 

Deferred income taxes 

Imputed interest on payable to GBH 

Amortization of issuance costs convertible notes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Losses on investments 

Gain on revaluation/termination of deferred consideration gold payments 

Impairments 

Contractual gold payments 

Other 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Gold and other precious metals 

Other assets 

Fund management and administration payable 

Compensation and benefits payable 

Income taxes payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of financial instruments owned, at fair value 

Purchase of investments 

Cash paid software development 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Proceeds from the sale of financial instruments owned, at fair value 

Proceeds from the exit from investment in Securrency, Inc. 

Proceeds from held-to-maturity securities maturing or called prior to maturity 

Receipt of contingent consideration Sale of Canadian ETF business 

Acquisition of Securrency Transfers, Inc. (net of cash acquired) 

Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repurchase of Series A Preferred Stock 

Repurchase and maturity of convertible notes (Note 10) 

Shares repurchased 

Dividends paid 

Issuance costs convertible notes 

Repurchase costs Series A Preferred Stock 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes (Note 10) 

Termination of deferred consideration gold payments 

Issuance costs Series C Preferred Stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Increase/(decrease) in cash flow due to changes in foreign exchange rate 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

9 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

(In Thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

On May 10, 2023, the Company issued 13.087
shares of Series C Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (valued at 86,898) in connection with the termination of its deferred consideration gold
payments obligation. See Note 9 for additional information. 

On June 15, 2023, the Company issued 1,037
shares of common stock (as the conversion option was in the money) in connection with the maturity of 60,000 aggregate principal amount
of 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes. 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

10 

Table of Contents 

WisdomTree, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts)

11 

Table of Contents 

12 

Table of Contents 

to years 
 
 Internally-developed software 
 years 

13 

Table of Contents 

14 

Table of Contents 

likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company records
interest expense and penalties related to tax expenses as income tax expense. 

15 

Table of Contents 

and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and were held at three financial
institutions. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cash equivalents were approximately and , respectively. 

 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries
are required to maintain a minimum level of regulatory capital, generally satisfied by cash on hand, which was and at
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Of these amounts, and , at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
respectively, was restricted cash, which is required to be maintained in a separate account with withdrawal and usage restrictions in
compliance with regulatory obligations. 

16 

Table of Contents 

Financial instruments owned, at fair value: 

ETFs 

Pass-through GSEs 

Other assets seed capital (WisdomTree Digital Funds): 

U.S. treasuries 

Equities 

Fixed income 

Total 

Non-recurring fair value measurements: 

Fnality International Limited Series B-1 Preference Shares (1) 

_____________________________ 

Financial instruments owned, at fair value: 

ETFs 

Pass-through GSEs 

Other assets seed capital (WisdomTree Digital Funds): 

U.S. treasuries 

Equities 

Fixed income 

Total 

Non-recurring fair value measurements: 

Fnality International Limited Series B-1 Preference Shares (1) 

Other investments (2) 

Total 

_____________________________ 
 
 (2) 

17 

Table of Contents 

days. These investments
are valued at par, which approximates fair value, and are classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 

 Financial instruments owned (Note 5) 
 Financial instruments owned are investments in ETFs, pass-through GSEs, U.S. treasuries, equities and fixed income. ETFs and equities
are generally traded in active, quoted and highly liquid markets and are therefore classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy.
Pricing of U.S. treasuries, pass-through GSEs and fixed income includes consideration given to date of issuance, collateral characteristics
and market assumptions related to yields, credit risk and timing of prepayments and may be classified as either Level 1 or Level 2. 

Other assets seed capital (WisdomTree Digital Funds) 

Total 

The Company recognized net trading gains on
financial instruments owned that were still held at the reporting dates of and during the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively, and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were recorded
in other losses, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company received proceeds of and , respectively, from held-to-maturity securities maturing or being called prior
to maturity. 

Gross unrealized losses 

Fair value 

An allowance for credit losses was not provided
on the Company s held-to-maturity securities as all securities are investments in pass-through GSEs which are determined to have
an estimated loss rate of zero due to an implicit U.S. government guarantee. 

Due over ten years 

Total 

18 

Table of Contents 

Total 

Fnality International Limited 

 The Company owns approximately (or 
on a fully-diluted basis) of capital stock of Fnality International Limited Fnality ), a company incorporated in England
and Wales and focused on creating a peer-to-peer digital wholesale settlement ecosystem comprised of a consortium of financial institutions,
offering real time cross-border payments from a single pool of liquidity. The Company s ownership interest is represented by 
Series B-1 Preference Shares, resulting from the conversion of its investment of in convertible notes upon
Fnality s qualified equity financing which occurred in October 2023. The Series B-1 Preference Shares carry a 1.0x liquidation preference,
are convertible into ordinary shares at the option of the Company and contain various rights and protections. 

 This investment is accounted for under the measurement
alternative prescribed in ASC 321, as it does not have a readily determinable fair value and is otherwise not subject to the equity method
of accounting. The investment is assessed for impairment and similar observable transactions on a quarterly basis. This investment was
re-measured to fair value upon the conversion of Fnality s Series B-2 Preference Shares held by other investors into Series B-1
Preference Shares, which occurred in June 2024. Fair value was determined using the backsolve method, a valuation approach that determines
the value of shares for companies with complex capital structures based upon the price paid for shares recently issued. Fair value was
allocated across the capital structure using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

 Time to exit (in years) Probability that Series B-2 Preference Shares convert into Series B-1 Preference Shares N/A

Net unrealized gains/(losses) recognized on
this investment were and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, inclusive of changes in
the British pound to U.S. dollar exchange rate. These results are recorded in other losses, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 There was no impairment recognized on this investment
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 based upon a qualitative assessment. 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total 

ounces of gold per year through March 31, 2058 and then subsequently reduced
to ounces of gold per year continuing into perpetuity contractual gold payments ). ETFS Capital continued to pass
through the payments to other parties to meet its payment obligations under prior royalty agreements, including to Gold Bullion Holdings
(Jersey) Limited GBH ), a subsidiary of the World Gold Council WGC ), Graham Tuckwell GT ),
and Rodber Investments Limited RIL ), an entity controlled by GT, who is also the Chairman of ETFS Capital. 

19 

Table of Contents 

pursuant to a Sale, Purchase and Assignment Deed (the
 SPA Agreement with WisdomTree International Holdings Ltd, Electra Target HoldCo Limited, ETFS Capital, WGC, GBH, GT and
RIL. Under the terms of the transaction, GBH received approximately in cash and shares of Series C Non-Voting Convertible
Preferred Stock of the Company, par value per share, convertible into shares of the Company s common stock (see
Note 12 for additional information), and RIL received approximately in cash. 

Contractual gold payments gold ounces paid 

Gain on revaluation/termination of deferred consideration gold payments 

in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes 

in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes and 

in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). 

 Each class of notes were issued pursuant to
indentures dated as of the issuance dates between the Company and either U.S. Bank National Association or U.S Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as trustee (or its successor in interest, the Trustee ), in private offerings to qualified institutional buyers
pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

 In connection with the issuance of the 2029
Notes, the Company repurchased in aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes. As a result of this repurchase, the Company recognized
a loss on extinguishment of during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an
aggregate principal amount of outstanding of the 2026 Notes, the 2028 Notes and the 2029 Notes (collectively, the Convertible
Notes ). 

Issuance date 	 Maturity date (unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed) 	 Interest rate 	 	 	 Initial conversion price 	 	 	 Initial conversion rate 	 	 	 Redemption price 	 	 	 
 
 Interest rate: Payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year for the 2029 Notes and the 2028 Notes
and on June 15 and December 15 of each year for the 2026 Notes. 

Conversion price: Convertible at an initial conversion rate into shares of the Company s common stock, per principal
amount of notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price set forth in the table above), subject to adjustment. 

Conversion: Holders may convert at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately
preceding May 15, 2029 and May 15, 2028 for the 2029 Notes and the 2028 Notes, respectively, and March 15, 2026 for the 2026 Notes, only
under the following circumstances: (i) if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least trading days
during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater
than or equal to of the conversion price for the respective Convertible Notes on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the 
business period after any consecutive trading period (the measurement period in which the trading price per
 principal amount of the Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the
last reported sales price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) upon a notice of
redemption delivered by the Company in accordance with the terms of the indentures but only with respect to the Convertible Notes called
(or deemed called) for redemption; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after May 15, 2029 and May 15, 2028
in respect of the 2029 Notes and the 2028 Notes, respectively, and March 15, 2026 in respect of the 2026 Notes, until the close of business
on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their Convertible Notes at any time,
regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

20 

Table of Contents 

of the conversion price for the respective Convertible Notes then in effect
for at least trading days, including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption,
during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company
provides notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and
unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. 

Limited investor put rights: Holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash
all or a portion of their notes at of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain
change of control transactions or liquidation, dissolution or common stock delisting events. 

Conversion rate increase in certain customary circumstances: In certain circumstances, conversions in connection with a make-whole
fundamental change (as defined in the indentures) or conversions of Convertible Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption
may result in an increase to the conversion rate, provided that the conversion rate will not exceed shares, shares and
 shares of the Company s common stock per principal amount of the 2029 Notes, the 2028 Notes and the 2026 Notes,
respectively (the equivalent of shares of the Company s common stock), subject to adjustment. 

Seniority and Security: The Convertible Notes rank equal in right of payment and are the Company s senior unsecured obligations. 

 The indentures contain customary terms and covenants,
including that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, either the Trustee or the respective holders of not less than
 in aggregate principal amount of the respective series of Convertible Notes outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of
all such respective Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued special interest, if any, to be immediately due and payable. 

Less: Unamortized issuance costs	 

Carrying amount 

Effective interest rate (1) 

_____________________________ 

Interest expense on the Convertible Notes was
 and respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and and , respectively, during
the comparable periods in 2023. Interest payable of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, is included
in accounts payable and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 The fair value of the Convertible Notes (classified
as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy) was and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The if-converted
value of the 2028 Notes was at September 30, 2024. The if-converted value of the 2026 Notes and the 2029 Notes did not exceed
the principal amount at September 30, 2024. The if-converted value of the Convertible Notes did not exceed the principal amount at December
31, 2023. 

21 

Table of Contents 

shares of the Company s common stock from ETFS Capital for aggregate cash consideration of (or per
share). These shares were previously issued in April 2018, in connection with the completion of the acquisition by the Company of the
European exchange-traded commodity, currency and leveraged-and-inverse business of ETFS Capital (the ETFS Acquisition and
were carried at , which was based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on April 10, 2018 of per share,
the trading day prior to the closing of the transaction. 

 Under U.S. GAAP, the premium paid on repurchase
represents a return similar to a dividend to the preferred stockholder and is required to be recorded to retained earnings along with
the related transaction costs. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a reduction to
retained earnings in connection with this repurchase. 

Less: Issuance costs 

Series A Preferred Stock carrying value 

Cash dividends declared per share (quarterly) 

The Company previously classified the Series
A Preferred Stock as temporary equity which is required for redeemable instruments for which redemption triggers are outside of the issuer s
control. ETFS Capital had the right to redeem all the Series A Preferred Stock specified to be converted during the period of time specified
in the Series A Certificate of Designations in the event that: (a) the number of shares of the Company s common stock authorized
by its certificate of incorporation was insufficient to permit the Company to convert all of the Series A Preferred Stock requested by
ETFS Capital to be converted; or (b) ETFS Capital did not, upon completion of a change of control of the Company, receive the same
amount per share of Series A Preferred Stock as it would have received had each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock been converted
into common stock immediately prior to the change of control. However, the Company would not have been obligated to make any such redemption
payments to the extent such payments would have been a breach of any covenant or obligation the Company owed to any of its secured creditors
or is otherwise prohibited by applicable law. 

 Any such redemption would have been at a price
per share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the dollar volume-weighted average price for a share of common stock for the 30-trading
day period ending on the date of such attempted conversion or change of control, as applicable, multiplied by 1,000. Such redemption payment
would have been made in one payment no later than 10 business days following the last day of the Company s first fiscal quarter
that began on a date following the date ETFS Capital exercised such redemption right. The redemption value of the Series A Preferred Stock
was at December 31, 2023. 

per share (the Series C Preferred Stock which was
convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, from GBH, a subsidiary of WGC, for aggregate cash consideration
of approximately . Under the terms of the transaction, the Company paid GBH on the closing date, with the remainder of
the purchase price payable in equal, interest-free installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the closing date. The
implied price per share was when considering the interest-free financing element of the transaction. The investor rights agreement
that the Company and GBH entered into in May 2023 in connection with the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock, which provided GBH
with certain rights and obligations with respect to the shares, including registration rights, was terminated in this transaction. 

 Under U.S. GAAP, the obligation was recorded
at its present value utilizing a market rate of interest on the closing date of and the corresponding discount is being amortized
as interest expense pursuant to the effective interest method of accounting over the life of the obligation. on the closing date and the carrying value of this obligation is as follows: 

Long-term 

Total 

22 

Table of Contents 

and ,
respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and during the comparable periods in 2023 and is included as
a component of total interest expense recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Short-term lease cost Total lease cost Other information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating liabilities (operating leases) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 	n/a 	n/a 	n/a n/a Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) operating leases Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

 None of the Company s leases include variable
payments, residual value guarantees or any restrictions or covenants relating to the Company s ability to pay dividends or incur
additional financing obligations. 

2025 

2026 

Total future minimum lease payments (undiscounted) 

Lease liability long term 

Subtotal 

Difference between undiscounted and discounted cash flows 

Total future minimum lease payments (undiscounted) 

million throughout their lifetime as ESG-named funds. 

 Without admitting or denying the SEC s
allegations, WTAM agreed to resolve the matter by consenting to the entry of an Order by the SEC, which was announced publicly on October
21, 2024, in which WTAM agreed to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Sections 206(2)
and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, Rules 206(4)-7 and 206(4)-8 thereunder, and Section 34(b) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and to pay a civil money penalty of (the SEC ESG Settlement ). This amount has been
reported in other losses, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

23 

Table of Contents 

deductible.
These expected covered expenses totaled and , respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
have been reported in other revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 Closure of the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged
ETP 

 Between December 2020 and March 2022,
WMAI, WTMAML, WTUK and/or WisdomTree Ireland Limited WT Ireland were served with seven separate writs of summons
to appear before the Courts of Milan, Udine or Turin, Italy by investors seeking damages resulting from the closure of the
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged ETP 3OIL in March 2020. The product was dependent on the receipt of
payments from a swap provider to satisfy payment obligations to the investors. Due to an extreme adverse move in oil futures
relative to the oil futures closing price, the swap contract underlying 3OIL was terminated by the swap provider, which
resulted in the compulsory redemption of 3OIL, all in accordance with the prospectus. 

 Since February 2022, five of the seven
actions have been resolved in the Company s favor, of which two are subject to appeal. Total damages sought by all investors
related to the two remaining open and two appealed claims, including an appealed claim for total damages of ),
were approximately at September 30, 2024. 

 Additionally, in July 2023, WT Ireland received
a letter from counsel on behalf of additional investors seeking damages of up to approximately resulting from the
closure of 3OIL. The claim is in its preliminary stages and a writ of summons has not been served. 

 The Company continues to assess the open claims
with its external counsel. The Company expects that losses, if any, arising from these claims will be covered under its insurance policies,
less a deductible. An accrual has not been made with respect to these matters at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Maximum exposure to loss 

24 

Table of Contents 

Other revenues 

Total operating revenues 

The Company recognizes revenues from contracts
with customers when the performance obligation is satisfied, which is when the promised services are transferred to the customer. A service
is considered to be transferred when the customer obtains control, which is represented by the transfer of rights with regard to the service.
Transfer of control happens either over time or at a point in time. When a performance obligation is satisfied over time, an entity is
required to select a single method of measuring progress for each performance obligation that depicts the entity s performance in
transferring control of services to the customer. 

 A significant portion of the Company s
revenues from contracts with customers are derived primarily from investment advisory agreements with related parties (Note 17). These
advisory fees are recognized over time, are earned from the Company s ETPs and are calculated based on a percentage of the ETPs 
average daily net assets. There is no significant judgment in calculating amounts due which are invoiced monthly in arrears and are not
subject to any potential reversal. Progress is measured using the practical expedient under the output method resulting in the recognition
of revenue in the amount for which the Company has a right to invoice. 

 There are no contract assets or liabilities
that arise in connection with the recognition of advisory fee revenue. In addition, there are no costs incurred to obtain or fulfill the
contracts with customers, all of which are investment advisory agreements with related parties. 

 Other revenues includes revenues the Company
earns from swap providers associated with certain of the Company s European listed ETPs, the nature of which are based on a percentage
of the ETPs average daily net assets. The Company also earns transaction-based income on flows associated with certain European
listed ETPs. There is no significant judgment in calculating amounts due, which are invoiced monthly or quarterly in arrears and are not
subject to any potential reversal. Progress is measured using the practical expedient under the output method resulting in the recognition
of revenue in the amount for which the Company has a right to invoice. 

 Geographic Distribution of Revenues 

Jersey 

Ireland 

Total operating revenues 

25 

Table of Contents 

Receivable from ManJer Issuers 

Receivable from WMAI and WTICAV 

Total 

The allowance for credit losses on accounts
receivable from related parties is insignificant when applying historical loss rates, adjusted for current conditions and supportable
forecasts, to the amounts outstanding in the table above. Amounts outstanding are all invoiced in arrears, are less than 30 days aged
and are collected shortly after the applicable reporting period. 

Advisory services provided to ManJer Issuers 

Advisory services provided to WMAI and WTICAV 

Total 

Investments in WisdomTree Products 

 The Company also has investments in certain
WisdomTree products of approximately and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This includes 
and , respectively, of seed investments in certain affiliated Digital Funds advised by WT Digital Management, referred to herein
as other assets seed capital. The Company also has invested an additional in the WisdomTree Government Money
Market Digital Fund at September 30, 2024. 

 Net unrealized and realized gains related to
trading WisdomTree products were and , respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and and
 , respectively, during the comparable periods in 2023. Such gains are recorded in other losses, net on the Consolidated Statements
of Operations. 

shares of common stock (less one share for every share
granted under the 2016 Equity Plan since March 31, 2022 and inclusive of shares available under the 2016 Equity Plan as of March 31, 2022)
in the form of stock options and other stock-based awards. 

 The Company grants equity awards to employees
and directors, which include restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs ), including deferred
RSUs to non-employee directors, performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs and stock options. Certain awards described
below are subject to acceleration under certain conditions. 

Stock options: Generally issued for
terms of ten years and may vest after at least of service and have an exercise price equal to the Company s stock price
on the grant date. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options (when granted) using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 
 RSAs/RSUs: Awards are valued based on the Company s stock price on grant date and generally vest ratably, on an annual basis, over three
years. For non-employee directors, such awards generally vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. 
 
 Deferred RSUs: Awards are valued based
on the Company s stock price on grant date and generally vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. The awards are issued
pursuant to the Company s Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Program, and are settled based on timing elected by the recipient
in advance. 
 
 PRSUs: These awards cliff vest three years from the grant date and contain a market condition whereby the number of PRSUs ultimately vesting
is tied to how the Company s total shareholder return TSR compares to a peer group of other publicly traded asset
managers over the three-year period. A Monte Carlo simulation is used to value these awards. 

26 

Table of Contents 

Stock-based compensation expense was 
and , respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and and , respectively, during the
comparable periods in 2023. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) 

_____________________________ 

 deferred RSUs that have vested. 

to per Unit (as defined below) to account for the difference in share price between when the Stockholder Rights Agreement was originally
adopted and when it was extended. 

 Pursuant to the terms of the Stockholder Rights
Agreement, the Board of Directors declared a dividend distribution of (i) Right (as defined below) for each outstanding share of common
stock, par value per share, of the Company s common stock and (ii) Rights for each outstanding share of the Company s
Series A Preferred Stock, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 28, 2023 (the Record Date ). In
addition, one Right will automatically attach to each share of common stock and Rights will automatically attach to each share of
Series A Preferred Stock, in each case, issued between the Record Date and the earlier of the Distribution Date (as defined below) and
the expiration date of the Rights. Each Right entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase from the Company a unit
consisting of one ten-thousandth of a share (a Unit of Series B Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value
 per share, of the Company (the Series B Preferred Stock at a cash exercise price of per Unit (the Exercise
Price ), subject to adjustment, under certain conditions specified in the Stockholder Rights Agreement and summarized below. 

27 

Table of Contents 

(or in the case of passive stockholders
or 13G Investors, as defined in the Stockholder Rights Agreement) or more of the outstanding shares of common stock, other
than as a result of repurchases of stock by the Company or certain inadvertent actions by a stockholder (the date of such announcement
being referred to as the Stock Acquisition Date ), or (ii) the close of business on the tenth business day (or such later
day as the Board of Directors may determine) following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that could result upon its
consummation in a person or group becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of such dates being herein referred to as the Distribution
Date ). A person or group who beneficially owned 10 or more (or 20 or more in the case of 13G Investors) of the Company s
outstanding common stock prior to the first public announcement by the Company of the adoption of the Stockholder Rights Agreement will
not trigger the Stockholder Rights Agreement so long as they do not acquire beneficial ownership of any additional shares of common stock
at a time when they still beneficially own 10 or more (or 20 or more in the case of 13G Investors) of such common stock, subject to
certain exceptions as set forth in the Stockholder Rights Agreement. 

 For purposes of the Stockholder Rights Agreement,
beneficial ownership is defined to include ownership of securities that are subject to a derivative transaction and acquired derivative
securities. Swaps dealers unassociated with any control intent or intent to evade the purposes of the Stockholder Rights Agreement are
excepted from such imputed beneficial ownership. Pursuant to Amendment No. 1, beneficial ownership did not include the right to vote pursuant
to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to voting on the proposal to approve and ratify the Stockholder Rights Agreement
presented to the Company s stockholders at the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Amendment No. 2,
the parties to the SPA Agreement are not deemed to be Acquiring Persons solely by virtue of, or as a result of, the parties 
entry into the SPA Agreement, the issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock to GBH, and the performance or consummation of any of the other
transactions contemplated by the SPA Agreement, among other conditions, under the terms and conditions set forth in Amendment No. 2. Pursuant
to Amendment No. 4, beneficial ownership excludes the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect
to voting (i) arising solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation, or exempt
solicitation, made pursuant to a written proxy or consent solicitation statement filed with the SEC and that is not also then reportable
on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act, or (ii) on a proposal to approve and ratify the Stockholder Rights Agreement (as amended from
time to time), including any amendment thereto or extension thereof, presented to the Company s stockholders at any annual or special
meeting of the Company s stockholders (including any adjournments or postponements thereof). Pursuant to Amendment No. 5, the Stockholder
Rights Agreement was amended to (a) remove language stating that (i) the Company has the exclusive power and authority to
administer the Stockholder Rights Agreement and (ii) all actions, calculations, interpretations and determinations necessary or advisable
for the administration of the Stockholder Rights Agreement done or made by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith are final,
conclusive and binding on all parties, and (b) provide that nothing in the Stockholder Rights Agreement shall be deemed to limit or eliminate
the fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors under applicable law. 

 In the event that a Stock Acquisition Date occurs,
proper provision will be made so that each holder of a Right (other than an Acquiring Person or its associates or affiliates, whose Rights
shall become null and void) will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise, in lieu of a number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, that number of shares of common stock of the Company (or, in certain circumstances, including if there are insufficient shares
of common stock to permit the exercise in full of the Rights, Units of Series B Preferred Stock, other securities, cash or property, or
any combination of the foregoing) having a market value of two times the Exercise Price of the Right (such right being referred to as
the Subscription Right ). In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date, (i) the Company consolidates
with, or merges with and into, any other person, and the Company is not the continuing or surviving corporation, (ii) any person consolidates
with the Company, or merges with and into the Company and the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation of such merger and, in
connection with such merger, all or part of the shares of common stock are changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of
any other person or cash or any other property, or (iii) or more of the Company s assets or earning power is sold, mortgaged
or otherwise transferred, each holder of a Right (other than an Acquiring Person or its associates or affiliates, whose Rights shall become
null and void) will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock of the acquiring company having a market value equal
to two times the Exercise Price of the Right (such right being referred to as the Merger Right ). The holder of a Right will
continue to have the Merger Right whether or not such holder has exercised the Subscription Right. Rights that are or were beneficially
owned by an Acquiring Person may (under certain circumstances specified in the Stockholder Rights Agreement) become null and void. 

 The Rights may be redeemed in whole, but not
in part, at a price of per Right (payable in cash, common stock or other consideration deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors)
by the Board of Directors only until the earlier of (i) the time at which any person becomes an Acquiring Person or (ii) the expiration
date of the Stockholder Rights Agreement. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors ordering redemption of the Rights, the
Rights will terminate and thereafter the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the redemption price. 

 The Stockholder Rights Agreement may be amended
by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion at any time prior to the time at which any person becomes an Acquiring Person. After
such time the Board of Directors may, subject to certain limitations set forth in the Stockholder Rights Agreement, amend the Stockholder
Rights Agreement only to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to shorten or lengthen any time period, or to make changes that
do not adversely affect the interests of Rights holders (excluding the interests of an Acquiring Person or its associates or affiliates). 

28 

Table of Contents 

of the common stock may request that the Board call a Special Meeting to vote on a resolution
authorizing the exemption of the Qualifying Offer from the terms of the Stockholder Rights Agreement. If such a Special Meeting is not
held by the 90th business day following the receipt of such a request from stockholders to call a Special Meeting, the Qualifying Offer
will be deemed exempt from the terms of the Stockholder Rights Agreement on the 10th business day thereafter. 

Less: Loss on repurchase of Series A Preferred Stock 

Less: Income distributed to participating securities 

Less: Undistributed income allocable to participating securities 

Net (loss)/income available to common stockholders Basic EPS 

Weighted average common shares (in thousands) 

Basic (loss)/earnings per share 

29 

Table of Contents 

Add back: Undistributed income allocable to participating securities 

Less: Reallocation of undistributed income allocable to participating securities considered potentially dilutive 

Net (loss)/income available to common stockholders Diluted EPS 

Weighted Average Diluted Shares (in thousands): 

Weighted average common shares 

Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, excluding participating securities 

Weighted average diluted shares, excluding participating securities (in thousands) 

Diluted (loss)/earnings per share 

Diluted (loss)/earnings per share presented
above is calculated using the two-class method as this method results in the lowest diluted earnings per share amount for common stock.
There were no antidilutive non-participating common stock equivalents for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the nine
months ended September 30, 2024. Total antidilutive non-participating common stock equivalents were for the nine months ended September
30, 2023 (shares herein are reported in thousands). 

 There were no potential common shares associated
with the conversion options embedded in the Convertible Notes included in weighted average diluted shares for the three months ended September
30, 2024 as the Company reported a net loss. There were also no potential common shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and the three and nine months ended September, 30, 2023 as the Company s average stock price was lower than the conversion price. 

(1) 

Less: Participating securities 

Weighted average shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock (Note 11) 

Weighted average shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock (Note 9) 

Potentially dilutive restricted stock awards 

Weighted average diluted shares used to calculate diluted earnings per share as disclosed in the table above 

_______________________________________ 

 participating securities and potentially dilutive non-participating common stock equivalents for the three months
ended September 30, 2024, as the Company reported a net loss for the period (shares herein are reported in thousands). 

, resulting in income tax expense of . The effective income tax rate
differs from the federal statutory tax rate of primarily due to non-deductible loss on extinguishment of convertible notes, a non-deductible
civil money penalty of relating to the SEC ESG Settlement and non-deductible executive compensation. These items were partly offset
by a lower tax rate on foreign earnings. 

 The Company s effective income tax rate
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was resulting in income tax expense of . The effective income tax rate differs
from the federal statutory tax rate of primarily due to non-deductible loss on extinguishment of convertible notes, a non-deductible
civil money penalty of relating to the SEC ESG Settlement and non-deductible executive compensation. These items were partly offset
by a lower tax rate on foreign earnings. 

30 

Table of Contents 

, resulting in income tax expense of . The effective income tax rate differs
from the federal statutory tax rate of primarily due to an increase in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance on losses recognized
on the Company s investments and non-deductible executive compensation. 

 The Company s effective income tax rate
during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was , resulting in income tax expense of . The effective income tax rate differs
from the federal statutory tax rate of primarily due to a non-taxable gain on revaluation/termination of deferred consideration gold
payments, a reduction in unrecognized tax benefits (including interest and penalties) and a lower tax rate on foreign earnings.
These items were partly offset by a non-deductible loss on extinguishment of our convertible notes, an increase in the deferred tax asset
valuation allowance on losses recognized on our investments and non-deductible executive compensation. 

 Deferred Tax Assets 

Accrued expenses 

Stock-based compensation 

NOLs Foreign 

Goodwill and intangible assets 

Software capitalization 

Operating lease liabilities 

Unrealized losses 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

NOLs U.S. 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gains 

Fixed assets and prepaid assets 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Right of use assets operating leases 

Unremitted earnings European subsidiaries 

Total deferred tax liabilities: 

Total deferred tax assets less deferred tax liabilities 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Capital Losses U.S. 

 The Company s tax effected capital losses
at September 30, 2024 were . These capital losses expire between the years 2024 and 2029. 

 Net Operating Losses Europe 

 One of the Company s European subsidiaries
generated net operating losses NOLs outside the U.S. These tax effected NOLs, all of which are carried forward indefinitely,
were at September 30, 2024. 

 Valuation Allowance 

 The Company s valuation allowance has
been established on its net capital losses, as it is more-likely-than-not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

31 

Table of Contents 

and at September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, respectively. 

to the Company s share repurchase program to and extended the term for through . Included under the Company s share repurchase program are purchases to offset future equity grants
made under the Company s equity plans and purchases made in open market or privately negotiated transactions. This authority may
be exercised from time to time, subject to regulatory considerations. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on
a variety of factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions and other corporate liquidity requirements
and priorities. The repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. Shares repurchased under this
program are returned to the status of authorized and unissued on the Company s books and records. 

 The Company repurchased and 
shares, respectively, of its common stock under this program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and and 
shares, respectively, during the comparable periods in 2023. The aggregate cost of the shares repurchased during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively, and the aggregate cost of the shares repurchased during the comparable
periods in 2023 was and , respectively. Shares repurchased under this program were returned to the status of authorized and
unissued on the Company s books and records. 

 As of September 30, 2024, remained under
this program for future purchases. 

Changes 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Of the total goodwill of at September
30, 2024, is not deductible for tax purposes as the acquisitions that gave rise to the goodwill were structured as stock acquisitions.
The remainder of the goodwill is deductible for U.S. tax purposes. 

 Intangible Assets 

Software development	 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Software development	 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

32 

Table of Contents 

, the Company identified intangible assets valued at related to the right to manage AUM through
customary advisory agreements. These intangible assets were determined to have indefinite useful lives and are not deductible for tax
purposes. 

 Software Development (Finite-Lived) 

 Internally-developed software is amortized over
a useful life of . The Company recognized amortization expense on internally-developed software of and , respectively,
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and and , respectively, during the comparable periods in 2023. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total expected amortization expense 

The weighted-average remaining useful life of
the finite-lived intangible assets is years. 

and , respectively, from remeasuring a contingent payment to its realizable value.
This gain was recorded in other losses, net. 

and , respectively, on its investment in Securrency, Inc. to reduce the
carrying value of its investment to fair value. 

 During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, the Company recognized an impairment of on its other investments. 

33 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Operating Income Margin 

Operating revenues 

Less: Legal expenses expected to be covered by insurance 

Operating revenues, as adjusted 

Operating income 

Add back: Expenses incurred in response to an activist campaign 

Adjusted operating income 

Operating income margin 

Adjusted operating income margin 

Expenses incurred in response to an activist
campaign for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include and , respectively, of professional fees, and 
and , respectively, of other expenses. 

 All expense categories on the Consolidated Statements
of Operations are significant and there are no other significant segment expenses that would require disclosure. Assets provided to the
CODM are consistent with those reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with particular emphasis on the Company s available liquidity,
including its cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, financial instruments owned, accounts receivable and securities held-to-maturity,
reduced by current liabilities, seed capital and regulatory capital requirements. 

 There are no intra-entity sales or transfers
and no significant expense categories regularly provided to the CODM beyond those disclosed in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The CODM manages the business using consolidated expense information, adjusted for items that are non-recurring or not core to the Company s
operating business as disclosed in the table above, as well as regularly provided budgeted or forecasted expense information for the single
operating segment. 

 Information related to the Company s products
and services and geographical distribution of revenues is disclosed in Note 16. 

34 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
and the other financial information included elsewhere in this Report. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the
following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include
those discussed below. For a more complete description of the risks noted above and other risks that could cause our actual results to
materially differ from our current expectations, please see Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and in subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the SEC. We assume no obligation to update or
revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by
law. 
 Executive Summary 
 We are a global financial innovator, offering
a well-diversified suite of ETPs, models, solutions and products leveraging blockchain technology. We empower investors and consumers
to shape their future and support financial professionals to better serve their clients and grow their businesses. We are leveraging the
latest financial infrastructure to create products that provide access, transparency and an enhanced user experience. Building on our
heritage of innovation, we are also developing and have launched next-generation digital products, services and structures, including
Digital Funds and tokenized assets, as well as our blockchain-native digital wallet, WisdomTree Prime and institutional platform, WisdomTree
Connect. WisdomTree Prime is available in the U.S. in 45 states and to approximately 80 of the U.S. population. 
 We had approximately 112.6 billion in AUM as
of September 30, 2024. Our family of ETPs includes products that provide exposure to equities, commodities, fixed income, leveraged-and-inverse,
cryptocurrency, currency and alternatives strategies. We have launched many first-to-market products and pioneered alternative weighting
we call Modern Alpha, which combines the outperformance potential of active management with the benefits of passive management
to offer investors cost-effective funds that are built to perform. Most of our equity-based funds employ a fundamentally weighted investment
methodology, which weights securities based on factors such as dividends, earnings or investment factors, whereas most other industry
indexes use a capitalization weighted methodology. These products are distributed through all major channels in the asset management industry,
including banks, brokerage firms, registered investment advisers, institutional investors, private wealth managers and online brokers
primarily through our sales force. We believe technology is altering the way financial advisors conduct business and through our Advisor
and Portfolio Solutions programs we offer technology-enabled and research-driven solutions including portfolio construction, asset allocation,
practice management services and digital tools to help financial advisors address technology challenges and grow and scale their businesses. 
 We are at the forefront of innovation and believe
that tokenization and leveraging the utility of blockchain technology is the next evolution in financial services. We are building the
foundation that we believe will allow us to lead in this coming evolution. WisdomTree Prime, our blockchain-native digital wallet, positions
us to expand our blockchain-enabled financial product and services offerings with a new direct-to-consumer channel where spending, saving
and investing are united. As we continue to pursue our digital assets strategy, we are embracing what we refer to as responsible
DeFi, which we believe upholds the foundational principles of regulation in this innovative and quickly evolving space. We believe
that our expansion into digital assets and blockchain-enabled finance complements our existing core competencies in a holistic manner
and will diversify our revenue streams and contribute to our growth. 
 We were incorporated under the laws of the state
of Delaware on September 19, 1985 as Financial Data Systems, Inc. and were ultimately renamed WisdomTree, Inc. on November 7, 2022. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Assets
 Under
 Management 
 WisdomTree
 ETPs 
 We
 offer
 ETPs
 covering
 equities,
 commodities
 and
 currency,
 fixed
 income,
 leveraged-and-inverse,
 cryptocurrency
 and
 alternatives.
 The
 chart
 below
 sets
 forth
 the
 asset
 mix
 of
 our
 ETPs
 at
 September
 30,
 2024,
 June
 30,
 2024
 and
 September
 30,
 2023: 
 
 Market
 Environment
 
 U.S.
 equity
 markets
 recovered
 from
 a
 correction
 experienced
 in
 early
 August
 and
 there
 was
 a
 rotation
 into
 small
 cap
 and
 value
 stocks.
 Interest
 rates
 fell
 in
 anticipation
 of
 the
 Federal
 Reserve
 easing
 cycle
 leading
 to
 strong
 total
 returns
 for
 fixed
 income. 
 The
 S P
 500,
 MSCI
 EAFE
 Index
 (local
 currency),
 MSCI
 EMU
 Index
 (local
 currency),
 MSCI
 Japan
 Index
 (local
 currency),
 MSCI
 Emerging
 Markets
 Index
 (U.S.
 dollar)
 and
 gold
 prices
 increased
 by
 9.1 ,
 7.9 ,
 8.2 ,
 11.4 ,
 3.4 
 and
 12.8 ,
 respectively,
 during
 the
 quarter.
 The
 U.S.
 dollar
 weakened
 4.2 ,
 5.7 
 and
 13.1 
 versus
 the
 euro,
 British
 pound
 and
 the
 Japanese
 yen,
 respectively,
 during
 the
 quarter. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

U.S.
 Listed
 ETF
 Industry
 Flows 
 U.S.
 listed
 ETF
 industry
 net
 flows
 were
 283.2
 billion
 for
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024.
 U.S.
 equity
 and
 fixed
 income
 gathered
 the
 majority
 of
 those
 flows. 

Source:
 Morningstar 

37 

 Table of Contents 

European
 Listed
 ETP
 Industry
 Flows 
 European
 listed
 ETP
 industry
 net
 flows
 were
 67.1
 billion
 for
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024.
 Equity
 and
 fixed
 income
 gathered
 the
 majority
 of
 those
 flows. 

Source:
 Morningstar 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Our
 Operating
 and
 Financial
 Results 
 We
 operate
 as
 an
 ETP
 sponsor
 and
 asset
 manager,
 providing
 investment
 advisory
 services
 globally
 through
 our
 subsidiaries
 in
 the
 U.S.
 and
 Europe. 
 U.S.
 Listed
 ETFs 
 The
 AUM
 of
 our
 U.S.
 listed
 exchange
 traded
 funds,
 or
 U.S.
 listed
 ETFs,
 increased
 from
 79.7
 billion
 at
 June
 30,
 2024
 to
 81.3
 billion
 at
 September
 30,
 2024
 due
 to
 market
 appreciation,
 partly
 offset
 by
 net
 outflows. 
 
 European
 Listed
 ETPs 
 The
 AUM
 of
 our
 European
 listed
 (including
 internationally
 cross-listed)
 ETPs,
 or
 European
 listed
 ETPs,
 increased
 from
 30.0
 billion
 at
 June
 30,
 2024
 to
 31.3
 billion
 at
 September
 30,
 2024
 due
 to
 market
 appreciation,
 partly
 offset
 by
 net
 outflows. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Consolidated
 Operating
 Results
 
 The
 following
 table
 sets
 forth
 our
 revenues
 and
 net
 income/(loss)
 for
 the
 most
 recent
 five
 quarters. 

Revenues Total revenues increased 25.2 from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 113.2 million in the
comparable period in 2024 primarily due to higher average AUM, higher other revenues attributable to our European-listed ETPs and the
recognition of 3.7 million of other revenue related to legal and other related expenses, expected to be covered by insurance, incurred
in connection with the SEC ESG Settlement. 

Expenses Total operating expenses increased 13.6 from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 72.4 million
in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due to higher professional fees, which is inclusive of the legal and other related expenses
expected to be covered by insurance described above, as well as higher fund management and administration costs, incentive compensation
and marketing expenses. 

Other Income/(Expenses) Other income/(expenses) includes interest income and interest expense, losses on extinguishment
of convertible notes, gains on revaluation/termination of deferred consideration gold payments, impairments and other losses, net.
Further information is provided herein. 

Net (loss)/income We reported net (loss)/income of 4.5) million and 13.0 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Guidance Update for the Year Ending December 31, 2024 
 Compensation Expense 
 Our compensation to revenue ratio for the year
ending December 31, 2024 is currently estimated to range from 28 to 29 (unchanged from the prior quarter). Our estimated compensation
to revenue ratio takes into consideration planned hires for 2024 and variability in incentive compensation, with drivers including the
magnitude of flows, revenues and operating income growth, margin expansion and share price performance in relation to our peers. 
 Discretionary Spending 
 Discretionary spending includes marketing, sales,
professional fees, occupancy and equipment, depreciation and amortization and other expenses. During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, discretionary spending was 45.3 million. We currently estimate discretionary spending for the year ending December 31, 2024 to
range from 62.0 million to 65.0 million (previously 64.0 million to 68.0 million). 
 Not included in the guidance above are non-recurring
expenses in response to an activist campaign, including 5.0 million incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 4.1
million of legal and other related expenses expected to be covered by insurance. 
 Gross Margin 
 We define gross margin as total operating revenues
less fund management and administration expenses. Gross margin percentage is calculated as gross margin divided by total operating revenues.
Our gross margin was 80.5 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We currently estimate our gross margin guidance for the year
ending December 31, 2024 to be between 80 and 81 (unchanged from the prior quarter) considering current AUM levels and higher forecasted
other revenues going forward. If AUM increases, we would anticipate further gross margin expansion. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Third-Party
 Distribution
 Fees 
 We
 currently
 estimate
 third-party
 distribution
 fees
 to
 range
 from
 10.0
 million
 to
 11.0
 million
 (unchanged
 from
 the
 prior
 quarter),
 which
 is
 dependent
 upon
 the
 AUM
 growth
 on
 our
 respective
 platforms. 
 Interest
 Expense 
 We
 currently
 estimate
 our
 interest
 expense
 for
 the
 year
 ending
 December
 31,
 2024
 to
 be
 18.9
 million
 (previously
 16.5
 million),
 which
 is
 inclusive
 of
 approximately
 2.6
 million
 of
 interest
 cost
 we
 are
 required
 to
 impute
 under
 U.S.
 GAAP
 related
 to
 our
 interest-free
 financing
 of
 the
 shares
 of
 Series
 C
 Non-Voting
 Convertible
 Preferred
 Stock
 (the
 Series
 C
 Preferred
 Stock we
 repurchased
 from
 GBH
 in
 November
 2023. 
 The
 change
 in
 guidance
 from
 the
 prior
 quarter
 is
 due
 to
 an
 increase
 in
 debt
 effectuated
 to
 facilitate
 the
 repurchase
 of
 Series
 A
 Non-Voting
 Convertible
 Preferred
 Stock
 (the
 Series
 A
 Preferred
 Stock from
 ETFS
 Capital,
 as
 well
 as
 the
 repurchase
 of
 shares
 of
 common
 stock. 
 Interest
 Income 
 We
 currently
 estimate
 our
 interest
 income
 for
 the
 year
 ending
 December
 31,
 2024
 to
 be
 6.0
 million
 (previously
 5.0
 million),
 based
 upon
 the
 magnitude
 of
 our
 forecasted
 interest
 earning
 assets. 
 Income
 Tax
 Expense 
 We
 currently
 estimate
 that
 our
 consolidated
 normalized
 effective
 tax
 rate
 will
 be
 24.0 
 to
 25.0 
 (unchanged
 from
 our
 guidance
 range
 provided
 last
 quarter)
 taking
 into
 consideration
 the
 current
 distribution
 of
 profits
 among
 our
 U.S.
 and
 European
 businesses. 
 This
 estimated
 rate
 may
 change
 and
 is
 dependent
 upon
 our
 actual
 taxable
 income
 earned
 in
 relation
 to
 our
 forecasts
 as
 well
 as
 any
 other
 items
 which
 may
 arise
 that
 are
 not
 currently
 forecasted.
 Such
 items
 may
 include,
 but
 are
 not
 limited
 to,
 the
 non-deductible
 loss
 on
 extinguishment
 on
 convertible
 notes,
 a
 non-deductible
 civil
 money
 penalty
 of
 4.0
 million
 relating
 to
 the
 SEC
 ESG
 Settlement,
 increases
 or
 decreases
 in
 valuation
 allowances
 and
 any
 stock-based
 compensation
 windfalls
 or
 shortfalls.
 Additional
 corporate
 tax
 legislation
 could
 also
 impact
 our
 normalized
 effective
 tax
 rate. 
 Weighted
 Average
 Diluted
 Shares 
 Our
 weighted
 average
 diluted
 shares
 were
 156.7
 million
 during
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024.
 We
 currently
 estimate
 our
 weighted
 average
 diluted
 shares
 to
 be
 between
 147.0
 million
 and
 148.0
 million
 during
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 December
 31,
 2024
 taking
 into
 consideration
 the
 full
 quarter
 impact
 of
 the
 repurchase
 of
 the
 Series
 A
 Preferred
 Stock
 and
 additional
 shares
 of
 common
 stock
 which
 occurred
 in
 mid-August
 of
 2024.
 Our
 weighted
 average
 diluted
 share
 guidance
 was
 previously
 166.0
 million
 and
 168.0
 million
 during
 the
 year
 ending
 December
 31,
 2024. 
 This
 guidance
 does
 not
 take
 into
 consideration
 any
 variability
 in
 shares
 associated
 with
 our
 convertible
 notes.
 While
 our
 convertible
 notes
 require
 principal
 to
 be
 paid
 in
 cash,
 our
 diluted
 shares
 would
 need
 to
 be
 increased
 for
 any
 incremental
 shares
 associated
 with
 an
 exercise
 of
 the
 conversion
 option
 if
 our
 stock
 price
 exceeds
 the
 applicable
 conversion
 price
 of
 our
 convertible
 notes
 of
 9.54
 per
 share
 for
 the
 5.75 
 Convertible
 Senior
 Notes
 due
 2028,
 11.04
 per
 share
 for
 the
 3.25 
 Convertible
 Senior
 Notes
 due
 2026
 and
 11.82
 per
 share
 for
 the
 3.25 
 Convertible
 Senior
 Notes
 due
 2029. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Key
 Operating
 Statistics 
 The
 following
 table
 presents
 key
 operating
 statistics
 that
 serve
 as
 indicators
 for
 the
 performance
 of
 our
 business: 

Three
Months Ended 

Nine
Months Ended 

Sept. 30, 

June 30, 

Sept. 30, 

Sept. 30, 

Sept. 30, 

2024 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

GLOBAL ETPs
(in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

109,686 

107,230 

93,666 

100,124 

81,993 

(Outflows)/inflows 

(2,395 

340 

1,983 

(65 

10,651 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

5,286 

2,116 

(1,914 

12,518 

1,091 

End of period assets 

112,577 

109,686 

93,735 

112,577 

93,735 

Average assets during the period 

110,369 

108,392 

95,743 

107,041 

91,609 

Average advisory fee during the period 

0.37 

0.37 

0.36 

0.37 

0.36 

Number of ETPs end of period 

352 

350 

344 

352 

344 

U.S.
LISTED ETFs (in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

79,722 

78,087 

65,903 

72,486 

55,973 

(Outflows)/inflows 

(1,650 

1,106 

3,601 

1,439 

10,862 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

3,195 

529 

(1,486 

7,342 

1,183 

End of period assets 

81,267 

79,722 

68,018 

81,267 

68,018 

Average assets during the period 

80,335 

78,436 

68,008 

77,834 

63,383 

Number of ETFs end of the period 

78 

78 

80 

78 

80 

EUROPEAN
LISTED ETPs (in millions 

Beginning of period assets 

29,964 

29,143 

27,763 

27,638 

26,020 

Outflows 

(745 

(766 

(1,618 

(1,504 

(211 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

2,091 

1,587 

(428 

5,176 

(92 

End of period assets 

31,310 

29,964 

25,717 

31,310 

25,717 

Average assets during the period 

30,034 

29,956 

27,735 

29,207 

28,226 

Number of ETPs end of period 

274 

272 

264 

274 

264 

PRODUCT
CATEGORIES (in millions 

U.S. Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

31,834 

31,670 

26,001 

29,156 

24,112 

Inflows 

328 

221 

864 

1,085 

1,129 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

2,481 

(57 

(1,222 

4,402 

402 

End of period assets 

34,643 

31,834 

25,643 

34,643 

25,643 

Average assets during the period 

33,175 

31,252 

26,501 

31,494 

25,319 

Commodity Currency 

Beginning of period assets 

21,987 

21,944 

22,384 

21,336 

22,097 

Outflows 

(741 

(1,499 

(1,814 

(2,700 

(1,324 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

1,788 

1,542 

(104 

4,398 

(307 

End of period assets 

23,034 

21,987 

20,466 

23,034 

20,466 

Average assets during the period 

22,016 

22,437 

22,278 

21,764 

23,373 

Fixed Income 

Beginning of period assets 

21,430 

21,218 

20,215 

21,197 

15,273 

(Outflows)/inflows 

(897 

236 

1,670 

(675 

6,654 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

234 

(24 

(88 

245 

(130 

End of period assets 

20,767 

21,430 

21,797 

20,767 

21,797 

Average assets during the period 

21,135 

21,277 

20,965 

21,165 

19,109 

International Developed Market Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

19,385 

18,103 

13,423 

15,103 

10,195 

(Outflows)/inflows 

(1,391 

1,253 

798 

1,461 

2,841 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

81 

29 

(319 

1,511 

866 

End of period assets 

18,075 

19,385 

13,902 

18,075 

13,902 

Average assets during the period 

18,636 

18,809 

13,873 

18,044 

12,343 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Three
Months Ended 

Nine
Months Ended 

Sept. 30, 

June 30, 

Sept. 30, 

Sept. 30, 

Sept. 30, 

2024 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Emerging Market Equity 

Beginning of period assets 

11,875 

11,189 

9,191 

10,726 

8,116 

(Outflows)/inflows 

(20 

57 

451 

254 

1,266 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

597 

629 

(73 

1,472 

187 

End of period assets 

12,452 

11,875 

9,569 

12,452 

9,569 

Average assets during the period 

12,083 

11,448 

9,652 

11,477 

9,105 

Leveraged Inverse 

Beginning of period assets 

1,922 

1,828 

1,864 

1,815 

1,754 

(Outflows)/inflows 

71 

(18 

(1 

3 

54 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

89 

112 

(82 

264 

(27 

End of period assets 

2,082 

1,922 

1,781 

2,082 

1,781 

Average assets during the period 

1,962 

1,905 

1,894 

1,886 

1,816 

Cryptocurrency 

Beginning of period assets 

838 

874 

248 

414 

136 

Inflows 

201 

75 

10 

434 

22 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

15 

(111 

(15 

206 

85 

End of period assets 

1,054 

838 

243 

1,054 

243 

Average assets during the period 

917 

856 

238 

796 

221 

Alternatives 

Beginning of period assets 

415 

404 

340 

377 

310 

Inflows 

54 

15 

5 

73 

9 

Market appreciation/(depreciation) 

1 

(4 

(11 

20 

15 

End of period assets 

470 

415 

334 

470 

334 

Average assets during the period 

445 

408 

342 

415 

323 

Headcount: 

314 

304 

299 

304 

299 

Note: Previously issued statistics may be restated
due to fund closures and trade adjustments. 
 Source: WisdomTree 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months
Ended September 30, 2023 
 Selected Operating and Financial Information 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 

Percent 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

AUM (in millions) 

Average AUM 

110,369 

95,743 

14,626 

15.3 

Operating Revenues (in thousands) 

Advisory fees 

101,659 

86,598 

15,061 

17.4 

Other revenues 

11,509 

3,825 

7,684 

200.9 

Total operating revenues 

113,168 

90,423 

22,745 

25.2 

Operating Revenues 
 Advisory fees 
 Advisory fee revenues increased 17.4 from 86.6
million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 101.7 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due to higher average
AUM. Our average advisory fee was 0.37 and 0.36 during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. 
 Other revenues 
 Other revenues increased 200.9 from 3.8 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 11.5 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to higher other revenues attributable
to our European listed products and 3.7 million of legal and other related expenses, expected to be covered by insurance, incurred in
connection with the SEC ESG Settlement described in Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Operating
 Expenses 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 

Percent 

(in
thousands) 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Compensation and benefits 

29,405 

27,955 

1,450 

5.2 

Fund management and administration 

21,004 

18,023 

2,981 

16.5 

Marketing and advertising 

4,897 

3,833 

1,064 

27.8 

Sales and business development 

3,465 

3,383 

82 

2.4 

Professional fees 

6,315 

3,719 

2,596 

69.8 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

1,397 

1,203 

194 

16.1 

Depreciation and amortization 

447 

307 

140 

45.6 

Third-party distribution fees 

2,983 

2,694 

289 

10.7 

Other 

2,463 

2,601 

(138 

(5.3 

Total operating expenses 

72,376 

63,718 

8,658 

13.6 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 

As a Percent of Revenues: 

2024 

2023 

Compensation and benefits 

26.0 

31.0 

Fund management and administration 

18.6 

20.0 

Marketing and advertising 

4.3 

4.2 

Sales and business development 

3.1 

3.7 

Professional fees 

5.6 

4.1 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

1.2 

1.3 

Depreciation and amortization 

0.4 

0.3 

Third-party distribution fees 

2.6 

3.0 

Other 

2.2 

2.9 

Total operating expenses 

64.0 

70.5 

Compensation and benefits 
 Compensation and benefits expense increased
5.2 from 28.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 29.4 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to higher
stock-based compensation expense and headcount. Headcount was 299 and 314 at September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. 
 Fund management and administration 
 Fund management and administration expense increased
16.5 from 18.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 21.0 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily
due to higher average AUM. We had 80 U.S. listed ETFs and 273 European listed ETPs at September 30, 2023 compared to 78 U.S. listed ETFs
and 274 European listed ETPs at September 30, 2024. 
 Marketing and advertising 
 Marketing and advertising expense increased
27.8 from 3.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.9 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due
to higher spending related to digital assets and our U.S. listed products. 
 Sales and business development 
 Sales and business development expense was essentially
unchanged from the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Professional fees 
 Professional fees expense increased 69.8 from
 3.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 6.3 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due to 3.7 million
of legal and other related expenses incurred in connection with the SEC ESG Settlement. An equal and offsetting amount is recorded in
other revenues as these expenses are expected to be covered by insurance. 
 Occupancy, communications and equipment 
 Occupancy, communications and equipment expense
was essentially unchanged from the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Depreciation
 and
 amortization
 
 Depreciation
 and
 amortization
 expense
 increased
 45.6 
 from
 0.3
 million
 during
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2023
 to
 0.4
 million
 in
 the
 comparable
 period
 in
 2024
 due
 to
 amortization
 of
 software
 development
 costs. 
 Third-party
 distribution
 fees
 
 Third-party
 distribution
 fees
 expense
 increased
 10.7 
 from
 2.7
 million
 during
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2023
 to
 3.0
 million
 in
 the
 comparable
 period
 in
 2024
 due
 to
 AUM
 growth
 we
 are
 experiencing
 on
 our
 various
 platforms
 and
 new
 platform
 relationships. 
 Other
 
 Other
 expenses
 were
 essentially
 unchanged
 from
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2023. 
 Other
 Income/(Expenses) 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 

Percent 

(in thousands) 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Interest expense 

(5,027 

(3,461 

(1,566 

45.2 

Interest income 

1,795 

791 

1,004 

126.9 

Impairments 

(2,703 

2,703 

n/a 

Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes 

(30,632 

(30,632 

n/a 

Other losses, net 

(3,062 

(2,512 

(550 

21.9 

Total other expenses, net 

(36,926 

(7,885 

(29,041 

368.3 

Three
Months Ended September 30, 

As a Percent of Revenues: 

2024 

2023 

Interest expense 

(4.4 

(3.8 

Interest income 

1.6 

0.9 

Impairments 

(3.0 

Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes 

(27.1 

Other losses, net 

(2.7 

(2.8 

Total other expenses,
net 

(32.6 

(8.7 

Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased 45.2 from 3.5 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 5.0 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to a higher level of debt outstanding,
partly offset by a lower average interest rate. The increase is also due to the recognition of imputed interest related to the interest-free
financing of our repurchase of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock from GBH in November 2023. 
 Our effective interest rate during the three
months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 was 5.0 and 4.4 , respectively. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income increased 126.9 from 0.8 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 1.8 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to a higher level of interest-earning
assets. 
 Impairments 
 During the three months ended September 30,
2023, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of 2.7 million, primarily related to our investment in Securrency, Inc., as we marked
our investment to its estimated realizable value in connection with Securrency entering into an agreement to be acquired by an unrelated
third party. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Convertible Notes 
 During the three months ended September 30,
2023, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of convertible notes of 30.6 million arising from the repurchase of 104.2 million in aggregate
principal amount of our 2028 Notes. 
 Other losses, net 
 Other losses, net were 1.3 million and 3.1 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The three months ended September 30, 2024, includes a 4.0 million
civil money penalty in connection with the SEC ESG Settlement. Also included are net gains of 0.8 million and 0.6 million on our financial
instruments owned and investments, respectively. Gains and losses also generally arise from the sale of gold earned from management fees
paid by our physically-backed gold ETPs, foreign exchange fluctuations and other miscellaneous items. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

Income
 Taxes 
 Our
 effective
 income
 tax
 rate
 during
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024
 was
 216.0 ,
 resulting
 in
 income
 tax
 expense
 of
 8.4
 million.
 The
 effective
 tax
 rate
 differs
 from
 the
 federal
 statutory
 rate
 of
 21.0 
 primarily
 due
 to
 a
 non-deductible
 loss
 on
 extinguishment
 of
 convertible
 notes,
 a
 non-deductible
 civil
 money
 penalty
 of
 4.0
 million
 and
 non-deductible
 executive
 compensation.
 These
 items
 were
 partly
 offset
 by
 a
 lower
 tax
 rate
 on
 foreign
 earnings. 
 Our
 effective
 income
 tax
 rate
 during
 the
 three
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2023
 was
 31.0 ,
 resulting
 in
 income
 tax
 expense
 of
 5.8
 million.
 The
 effective
 tax
 rate
 differs
 from
 the
 federal
 statutory
 rate
 of
 21.0 
 primarily
 due
 to
 an
 increase
 in
 the
 deferred
 tax
 asset
 valuation
 allowance
 on
 losses
 recognized
 on
 the
 Company s
 investments
 and
 non-deductible
 executive
 compensation. 
 Nine
 Months
 Ended
 September
 30,
 2024
 Compared
 to
 Nine
 Months
 Ended
 September
 30,
 2023 
 Selected
 Operating
 and
 Financial
 Information 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 

Percent 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

AUM (in millions) 

Average AUM 

107,040 

91,609 

15,431 

16.8 

Operating Revenues (in thousands) 

Advisory fees 

293,098 

246,239 

46,859 

19.0 

Other revenues 

23,942 

11,952 

11,990 

100.3 

Total revenues 

317,040 

258,191 

58,849 

22.8 

Operating Revenues 
 Advisory fees 
 Advisory fee revenues increased 19.0 from 246.2
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 293.1 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due to higher average
AUM. Our average advisory fee was 0.36 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 0.37 during the comparable period in 2024. 
 Other revenues 
 Other revenues increased 100.3 from 12.0 million
during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 23.9 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to higher other revenues attributable
to our European listed products and 4.1 million of legal and other related expenses expected to be covered by insurance, incurred in
connection with the SEC ESG Settlement. 
 Operating Expenses 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 

Percent 

(in thousands) 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Compensation and benefits 

91,249 

81,672 

9,577 

11.7 

Fund management and administration 

61,105 

52,903 

8,202 

15.5 

Marketing and advertising 

14,415 

12,305 

2,110 

17.1 

Sales and business development 

10,716 

9,703 

1,013 

10.4 

Contractual gold payments 

6,069 

(6,069 

n/a 

Professional fees 

16,539 

15,768 

771 

4.9 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

3,921 

3,476 

445 

12.8 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,248 

537 

711 

132.4 

Third-party distribution fees 

7,977 

6,828 

1,149 

16.8 

Other 

7,617 

7,473 

144 

1.9 

Total operating expenses 

214,787 

196,734 

18,053 

9.2 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 

As a Percent of Revenues 

2024 

2023 

Compensation and benefits 

28.8 

31.6 

Fund management and administration 

19.3 

20.5 

Marketing and advertising 

4.5 

4.8 

Sales and business development 

3.4 

3.8 

Contractual gold payments 

n/a 

2.4 

Professional fees 

5.2 

6.1 

Occupancy, communications and equipment 

1.2 

1.3 

Depreciation and amortization 

0.4 

0.2 

Third-party distribution fees 

2.5 

2.6 

Other 

2.4 

2.9 

Total operating
expenses 

67.7 

76.2 

Compensation and benefits 
 Compensation and benefits expense increased
11.7 from 81.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 91.2 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to higher
incentive and stock-based compensation expense and increased headcount. 
 Fund management and administration 
 Fund management and administration expense increased
15.5 from 52.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 61.1 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due
to higher average AUM and product launches. 
 Marketing and advertising 
 Marketing and advertising expense increased
17.1 from 12.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 14.4 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due
to higher spending related to digital assets and our U.S. listed products. 
 Sales and business development 
 Sales and business development expense increased
10.4 from 9.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 10.7 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due
to increases in travel and events spending, as well as higher market data spending. 
 Contractual gold payments 
 Contractual gold payments expense decreased
from 6.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to zero in the comparable period in 2024 due to the termination of our
deferred consideration gold payments obligation on May 10, 2023. See Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 
 Professional fees 
 Professional fees increased 4.9 from 15.8 million
during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 16.5 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily due to 4.1 million of legal
and other related expenses incurred in connection with the SEC ESG Settlement. An equal and offsetting amount is recorded in other revenues
as these expenses are expected to be covered by insurance. This increase was partly offset by lower activist campaign expenses and non-recurring
expenses incurred in the prior year to settle our deferred consideration gold payments obligation and our acquisition of WisdomTree
Transfers, Inc. 
 Occupancy, communications and equipment 
 Occupancy, communications and equipment expense
increased 12.8 from 3.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 3.9 million in the comparable period in 2024 primarily
due to higher spending on office equipment. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased
132.4 from 0.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 1.2 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to amortization
of software development costs. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Third-party
 distribution
 fees
 
 Third-party
 distribution
 fees
 increased
 16.8 
 from
 6.8
 million
 during
 the
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2023
 to
 8.0
 million
 in
 the
 comparable
 period
 in
 2024
 due
 to
 AUM
 growth
 we
 are
 experiencing
 on
 our
 various
 platforms
 and
 new
 platform
 relationships. 
 Other
 
 Other
 expenses
 were
 essentially
 unchanged
 from
 the
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2023. 
 Other
 Income/(Expenses) 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 

Percent 

(in
thousands) 

2024 

2023 

Change 

Change 

Interest expense 

(13,295 

(11,484 

(1,811 

15.8 

Gain on revaluation/termination
of deferred consideration gold payments 

61,953 

(61,953 

n/a 

Interest income 

4,631 

2,874 

1,757 

61.1 

Impairments 

(7,603 

7,603 

n/a 

Loss on extinguishment of convertible
notes 

(30,632 

(9,721 

(20,911 

215.1 

Other losses,
net 

(1,753 

(3,233 

1,480 

(45.8 

Total other
income/(expenses), net 

(41,049 

32,786 

(73,835 

(225.2 

Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 

As a Percent of Revenues: 

2024 

2023 

Interest expense 

(4.2 

(4.4 

Gain on revaluation/termination
of deferred consideration gold payments 

24.0 

Interest income 

1.5 

1.1 

Impairments 

(2.9 

Loss on extinguishment of convertible
notes 

(9.7 

(3.8 

Other losses,
net 

(0.6 

(1.3 

Total other
income/(expenses), net 

(13.0 

(12.7 
 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased 15.8 from 11.5
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 13.3 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to a higher level of debt
outstanding, partly offset by a lower average interest rate. The increase is also due to the recognition of imputed interest related to
the interest-free financing of our repurchase of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock from GBH in November 2023. 
 Our effective interest rate during the nine
months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 was 4.9 and 4.8 , respectively. 
 Gain on revaluation/termination of deferred consideration gold
payments 
 We recognized a gain on revaluation/termination
of deferred consideration gold payments of 62.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This obligation was settled
on May 10, 2023 for approximately 137.0 million. See Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income increased 61.1 from 2.9 million
during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.6 million in the comparable period in 2024 due to a higher level of interest-earning
assets. 
 Impairments 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of 7.6 million primarily related to our investment in Securrency, Inc. upon the sale of Securrency
to an unrelated third party. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Convertible Notes 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we recognized a loss on extinguishment of convertible notes of 30.6 million, arising from the repurchase of 104.2 million in aggregate
principal amount of our 2028 Notes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of convertible
notes of 9.7 million, arising from the repurchase of 115.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 4.25 Convertible Senior Notes
due 2023. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

Other
 losses,
 net 
 Other
 losses,
 net
 were
 3.2
 million
 and
 1.8
 million
 during
 the
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2023
 and
 2024,
 respectively.
 The
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024,
 includes
 a
 civil
 money
 penalty
 of
 4.0
 million
 in
 connection
 with
 the
 SEC
 ESG
 Settlement.
 Also
 included
 are
 gains
 on
 our
 financial
 instruments
 owned
 of
 2.6
 million
 and
 losses
 on
 our
 investments
 of
 0.6
 million.
 Gains
 and
 losses
 also
 generally
 arise
 from
 the
 sale
 of
 gold
 earned
 on
 management
 fees
 paid
 by
 our
 physically-backed
 gold
 ETPs,
 foreign
 exchange
 fluctuations
 and
 other
 miscellaneous
 items. 
 Income
 Taxes 
 Our
 effective
 income
 tax
 rate
 for
 the
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024
 was
 35.6 ,
 resulting
 in
 an
 income
 tax
 expense
 of
 21.8
 million.
 Our
 tax
 rate
 differs
 from
 the
 federal
 statutory
 rate
 of
 21.0 
 primarily
 due
 to
 a
 non-deductible
 loss
 on
 extinguishment
 of
 convertible
 notes,
 a
 non-deductible
 civil
 money
 penalty
 of
 4.0
 million
 and
 non-deductible
 executive
 compensation.
 These
 items
 were
 partly
 offset
 by
 a
 lower
 tax
 rate
 on
 foreign
 earnings. 
 Our
 effective
 income
 tax
 rate
 during
 the
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2023
 was
 11.4 ,
 resulting
 in
 an
 income
 tax
 expense
 of
 10.8
 million.
 Our
 effective
 tax
 rate
 differs
 from
 the
 federal
 statutory
 rate
 of
 21.0 
 primarily
 due
 to
 a
 non-taxable
 gain
 on
 revaluation/termination
 of
 deferred
 consideration,
 a
 reduction
 in
 unrecognized
 tax
 benefits
 associated
 with
 the
 release
 of
 the
 tax-related
 indemnification
 asset
 described
 above
 and
 a
 lower
 tax
 rate
 on
 foreign
 earnings.
 These
 items
 were
 partly
 offset
 by
 a
 non-deductible
 loss
 on
 extinguishment
 of
 our
 convertible
 notes
 during
 the
 first
 quarter
 of
 2023,
 an
 increase
 in
 the
 deferred
 tax
 asset
 valuation
 allowance
 on
 losses
 recognized
 on
 our
 investments
 and
 non-deductible
 executive
 compensation. 
 Non-GAAP
 Financial
 Measurements 
 In
 an
 effort
 to
 provide
 additional
 information
 regarding
 our
 results
 as
 determined
 by
 GAAP,
 we
 also
 disclose
 certain
 non-GAAP
 information
 which
 we
 believe
 provides
 useful
 and
 meaningful
 information.
 Our
 management
 reviews
 these
 non-GAAP
 financial
 measurements
 when
 evaluating
 our
 financial
 performance
 and
 results
 of
 operations;
 therefore,
 we
 believe
 it
 is
 useful
 to
 provide
 information
 with
 respect
 to
 these
 non-GAAP
 measurements
 so
 as
 to
 share
 this
 perspective
 of
 management.
 Non-GAAP
 measurements
 do
 not
 have
 any
 standardized
 meaning,
 do
 not
 replace
 nor
 are
 superior
 to
 GAAP
 financial
 measurements
 and
 are
 unlikely
 to
 be
 comparable
 to
 similar
 measures
 presented
 by
 other
 companies.
 These
 non-GAAP
 financial
 measurements
 should
 be
 considered
 in
 the
 context
 with
 our
 GAAP
 results.
 The
 non-GAAP
 financial
 measurements
 contained
 in
 this
 Report
 include: 
 Adjusted
 Net
 Income
 and
 Diluted
 Earnings
 per
 Share 
 We
 disclose
 adjusted
 net
 income
 and
 diluted
 earnings
 per
 share
 as
 non-GAAP
 financial
 measurements
 in
 order
 to
 report
 our
 results
 exclusive
 of
 items
 that
 are
 non-recurring
 or
 not
 core
 to
 our
 operating
 business.
 We
 believe
 presenting
 these
 non-GAAP
 financial
 measurements
 provides
 investors
 with
 a
 consistent
 way
 to
 analyze
 our
 performance.
 These
 non-GAAP
 financial
 measurements
 exclude
 the
 following: 

Unrealized gains or losses on revaluation/termination of deferred consideration gold payments: Deferred consideration gold
payments was an obligation we assumed in connection with the ETFS Acquisition that was carried at fair value. This item represented the
present value of an obligation to pay fixed ounces of gold into perpetuity and is measured using forward-looking gold prices. Changes
in the forward-looking price of gold and changes in the discount rate used to compute the present value of the annual payment obligations
have had a material impact on the carrying value of the deferred consideration and our reported financial results. We exclude this item
when calculating our non-GAAP financial measurements as it was not core to our operating business. The item was not adjusted for income
taxes as the obligation was assumed by a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours that is based in Jersey, a jurisdiction where we are subject
to a zero percent tax rate. During the second quarter of 2023, we terminated this obligation for aggregate consideration totaling approximately
 137.0 million. 

Gains or losses on financial instruments owned: We account for our financial instruments owned as trading securities, which
requires these instruments to be measured at fair value with gains and losses reported in net income. We exclude these items when calculating
our non-GAAP financial measurements as the gains and losses introduce volatility in earnings and are not core to our operating business. 

Tax windfalls and shortfalls upon vesting of stock-based compensation awards: GAAP requires the recognition of tax windfalls
and shortfalls within income tax expense. These items arise upon the vesting of stock-based compensation awards and the magnitude is directly
correlated to the number of awards vesting as well as the difference between the price of our stock on the date the award was granted
and the date the award vested. We exclude these items when calculating our non-GAAP financial measurements as they introduce volatility
in earnings and are not core to our operating business. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Imputed interest on our payable to GBH: During the fourth quarter of 2023, we repurchased our Series C Preferred Stock,
which was convertible into approximately 13.1 million shares of our common stock, from GBH for aggregate cash consideration of approximately
 84.4 million. Under the terms of the transaction, we paid GBH 40.0 million on the closing date, with the remainder of the purchase price
payable in equal, interest-free installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the closing date. Under U.S. GAAP, the obligation
is recorded at its present value utilizing a market rate of interest on the closing date of 7.0 and the corresponding discount is amortized
as interest expense pursuant to the effective interest method of accounting over the life of the obligation. We exclude this item when
calculating our non-GAAP financial measurements as recognition of interest expense is non-cash and contrary to the stated terms of our
obligation. 

Other items: Losses on extinguishment of convertible notes, a civil money penalty in connection with the SEC ESG Settlement,
gains and losses recognized on our investments, changes in deferred tax asset valuation allowance, expenses incurred in response to an
activist campaign, impairments, remeasurement of contingent consideration payable to us from the sale of our former Canadian ETF business
and litigation expenses associated with certain provisions of our Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, as amended,
are excluded when calculating our non-GAAP financial measurements. 

Three
Months Ended 

Nine
Months Ended 

Adjusted Net Income and
Diluted Earnings per Share: 

Sept.
30, 2024 

Sept.
30, 2023 

Sept.
30, 2024 

Sept.
30, 2023 

Net (loss)/income,
as reported 

(4,485 

12,984 

39,385 

83,469 

Add back: Loss on
extinguishment of convertible notes, net of income taxes 

30,128 

30,128 

9,623 

Add back: Civil money
penalty in connection with the SEC ESG Settlement 

4,000 

4,000 

(Deduct)/add back:
(Gains)/losses on financial instruments owned, net of income taxes 

(607 

1,479 

(1,949 

762 

Add back: Imputed
interest on payable to GBH, net of income taxes 

528 

1,545 

(Deduct)/add back:
(Gains)/losses recognized on our investments, net of income taxes 

(436 

323 

469 

943 

(Deduct)/add back:
(Decrease)/increase in deferred tax asset valuation allowance on financial instruments owned and investments 

(335 

1,234 

(475 

2,393 

Deduct: Tax windfalls
upon vesting and exercise of stock-based compensation awards 

(25 

(18 

(764 

(170 

Add back: Expenses
incurred in response to an activist campaign, net of income taxes 

3,760 

4,452 

Deduct: Gain on revaluation/termination
of deferred consideration gold payments 

(61,953 

Add back: Litigation
expenses associated with certain provisions of the Stockholder Rights Agreement, net of income taxes 

367 

Add back: Impairments,
net of income taxes (where applicable) 

2,046 

5,756 

Deduct:
Remeasurement of contingent consideration sale of Canadian ETF business 

(1,477 

Adjusted net income 

28,768 

18,048 

76,099 

44,165 

Deduct: Income distributed
to participating securities 

(463 

(889 

(1,387 

(1,884 

Deduct:
Undistributed income allocable to participating securities 

(1,147 

(2,128 

(4,840 

(4,033 

Adjusted net income
available to common stockholders 

27,158 

15,031 

69,872 

38,248 

Weighted
average diluted shares, excluding participating securities (in thousands) (See Note 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements) 

149,353 

148,432 

150,080 

147,572 

Adjusted earnings
per share diluted 

0.18 

0.10 

0.47 

0.26 

Adjusted net income, as reported on a non-GAAP
basis during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, also excludes a loss of 11.4 million recognized upon the repurchase
of our Series A Preferred Stock, which was convertible into 14.75 million shares of common stock from ETFS Capital and 1.9 million of
stock repurchase excise taxes. Under U.S. GAAP, these amounts are excluded from net income but are required to be added to net income
to arrive at income available to common stockholders in the calculation of earnings per share. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

Liquidity
 and
 Capital
 Resources
 
 The
 following
 table
 summarizes
 key
 data
 regarding
 our
 liquidity,
 capital
 resources
 and
 use
 of
 capital
 to
 fund
 our
 operations: 

September 30, 

 2024 

December 31, 

 2023 

Balance Sheet
Data (in thousands): 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

176,483 

129,305 

Financial instruments owned, at fair value 

77,341 

58,722 

Accounts receivable 

45,200 

35,473 

Securities held-to-maturity 

212 

230 

Total: Liquid assets 

299,236 

223,730 

Less: Total current liabilities 

(106,473 

(103,216 

Less: Other assets seed capital (WisdomTree Digital Funds) 

(20,524 

(18,308 

Less: Regulatory capital requirements 

(35,120 

(29,156 

Total: Available liquidity 

137,119 

73,050 

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash
Flow Data (in thousands): 

Operating cash flows 

78,886 

48,350 

Investing cash flows 

(16,902 

35,860 

Financing cash flows 

(16,939 

(126,389 

Foreign exchange
rate effect 

2,133 

(441 

Increase/(decrease)
in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

47,178 

(42,620 
 
 Liquidity 
 We consider our available liquidity to be our
liquid assets, less our current liabilities, seed capital in WisdomTree Digital Funds and regulatory capital requirements of certain of
our subsidiaries. Liquid assets consist of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, financial instruments owned, at fair value, accounts
receivable and securities held-to-maturity. Our financial instruments owned, at fair value are highly liquid investments. Accounts receivable
are current assets and primarily represent receivables from advisory fees we earn from our ETPs. Our current liabilities consist primarily
of payments owed to vendors and third parties in the normal course of business, accrued incentive compensation for employees and the current
portion of our payable to GBH. 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash increased
by 47.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to 345.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes,
 78.9 million of cash provided by operating activities, 42.3 million of proceeds from the sale of financial instruments owned, at fair
value and 2.1 million provided by other activities. These increases were partly offset by 143.8 million used to repurchase Series A
Preferred Stock, 132.7 million to repurchase a portion of our 2028 Notes, 62.9 million used to repurchase common stock, 57.9 million
used to purchase financial instruments owned, at fair value, 14.8 million used to pay dividends, 7.7 million used to pay convertible
notes issuance costs and 1.8 million used to pay for software development. 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 42.6
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to 184.3 million used to repurchase and settle at maturity our convertible
notes, 56.8 million used to purchase financial instruments owned, at fair value, 50.0 million used to settle our deferred consideration gold
payments obligation, 14.9 million used to pay dividends, 10.0 million used to purchase investments, 3.6 million used to repurchase
our common stock, 3.5 million used for convertible notes issuance costs, 1.0 million used to acquire Securrency Transfers, Inc. (renamed
WisdomTree Transfers, Inc.) and 0.7 million used for other activities. These decreases were partly offset by 130.0 million of proceeds
from the issuance of convertible notes, 102.3 million of proceeds from the sale of financial instruments owned, at fair value, 48.4
million provided by operating activities and 1.5 million from receipt of contingent consideration. 
 Convertible Notes 
 We have the following convertible notes outstanding
as of September 30, 2024: 

150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes 

25.8 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes and 

345.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Each
 class
 of
 notes
 were
 issued
 pursuant
 to
 indentures
 dated
 as
 of
 the
 issuance
 dates
 between
 us
 and
 either
 U.S.
 Bank
 National
 Association
 or
 U.S.
 Bank
 Trust
 Company,
 National
 Association,
 as
 trustee
 (or
 its
 successor
 in
 interest,
 the
 Trustee ),
 in
 private
 offerings
 to
 qualified
 institutional
 buyers
 pursuant
 to
 Rule
 144A
 under
 the
 Securities
 Act
 of
 1933,
 as
 amended. 
 In
 connection
 with
 the
 issuance
 of
 the
 2029
 Notes,
 we
 repurchased
 104.2
 million
 in
 aggregate
 principal
 amount
 of
 2028
 Notes.
 As
 a
 result
 of
 this
 repurchase,
 we
 recognized
 a
 loss
 on
 extinguishment
 of
 approximately
 30.6
 million
 during
 the
 three
 and
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024. 
 As
 of
 September
 30,
 2024,
 we
 had
 an
 aggregate
 principal
 amount
 of
 520,845
 outstanding
 of
 the
 2026
 Notes,
 the
 2028
 Notes
 and
 the
 2029
 Notes
 (collectively,
 the
 Convertible
 Notes ). 
 Key
 terms
 of
 the
 Convertible
 Notes
 are
 as
 follows: 

2026 Notes 

2028 Notes 

2029 Notes 

Principal outstanding 

150.0 

25.8 

345.0 

Issuance date 

June 14, 2021 

February 14, 2023 

August 13, 2024 

Maturity date (unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed) 

June 15, 2026 

August 15, 2028 

August 15, 2029 

Interest rate 

3.25 

5.75 

3.25 

Initial conversion price 

11.04 

9.54 

11.82 

Initial conversion rate 

90.5797 

104.8658 

84.5934 

Redemption price 

14.35 

12.40 

15.37 

Interest rate: Payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year for the 2029 Notes and the 2028
Notes and on June 15 and December 15 of each year for the 2026 Notes. 

Conversion price: Convertible at an initial conversion rate into shares of our common stock, per 1,000 principal amount
of notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price set forth in the table above), subject to adjustment. 

Conversion: Holders may convert at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately
preceding May 15, 2029 and May 15, 2028 for the 2029 Notes and the 2028 Notes, respectively, and March 15, 2026 for the 2026 Notes, only
under the following circumstances: (i) if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days during a period
of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to
130 of the conversion price for the respective Convertible Notes on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the five business day period
after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount
of the Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98 of the product of the last reported sales price
of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) upon a notice of redemption delivered by us in accordance
with the terms of the indentures but only with respect to the Convertible Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; or (iv) upon
the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after May 15, 2029 and May 15, 2028 in respect of the 2029 Notes and the 2028 Notes,
respectively, and March 15, 2026 in respect of the 2026 Notes, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately
preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their Convertible Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

Cash settlement of principal amount: Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible
Notes to be converted. At our election, we will also settle its conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the
Convertible Notes being converted in either cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. 

Redemption price: We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Convertible Notes, at our option, on or after August
20, 2026 and August 20, 2025 in respect of the 2029 Notes and the 2028 Notes, respectively, and June 20, 2023 in respect of the 2026 Notes
and on or prior to the 55 th scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, if the last reported sale price
of our common stock has been at least 130 of the conversion price for the respective Convertible Notes then in effect for at least 20
trading days, including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive
trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption,
at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding
the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the Convertible Notes. 

Limited investor put rights: Holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to require us to repurchase for cash all or
a portion of their notes at 100 of their principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, upon the occurrence of certain change
of control transactions or liquidation, dissolution or common stock delisting events. 

Conversion rate increase in certain customary circumstances: In certain circumstances, conversions in connection with a
 make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indentures) or conversions of Convertible Notes called (or deemed called)
for redemption may result in an increase to the conversion rate, provided that the conversion rate will not exceed 103.6269 shares, 167.7853
shares and 144.9275 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2029 Notes, the 2028 Notes and the 2026 Notes, respectively
(the equivalent of 69,880,434 shares of our common stock), subject to adjustment. 

Seniority and Security: The Convertible Notes rank equal in right of payment and are our senior unsecured obligations. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

The
 indentures
 contain
 customary
 terms
 and
 covenants,
 including
 that
 upon
 certain
 events
 of
 default
 occurring
 and
 continuing,
 either
 the
 Trustee
 or
 the
 respective
 holders
 of
 not
 less
 than
 25 
 in
 aggregate
 principal
 amount
 of
 the
 respective
 series
 of
 Convertible
 Notes
 outstanding
 may
 declare
 the
 entire
 principal
 amount
 of
 all
 such
 respective
 Convertible
 Notes
 to
 be
 repurchased,
 plus
 any
 accrued
 special
 interest,
 if
 any,
 to
 be
 immediately
 due
 and
 payable. 
 Capital
 Resources
 
 Our
 principal
 source
 of
 financing
 is
 our
 operating
 cash
 flow.
 We
 believe
 that
 current
 cash
 flows
 generated
 by
 our
 operating
 activities
 and
 existing
 cash
 balances
 should
 be
 sufficient
 for
 us
 to
 fund
 our
 operations
 for
 the
 foreseeable
 future. 
 Our
 ability
 to
 satisfy
 our
 contractual
 obligations
 as
 they
 arise
 are
 discussed
 in
 the
 section
 titled
 Contractual
 Obligations 
 below. 
 Use
 of
 Capital
 
 Our
 business
 does
 not
 require
 us
 to
 maintain
 a
 significant
 cash
 position.
 However,
 certain
 of
 our
 subsidiaries
 are
 required
 to
 maintain
 a
 minimum
 level
 of
 regulatory
 capital,
 which
 at
 September
 30,
 2024
 was
 approximately
 35.1
 million
 in
 the
 aggregate.
 Notwithstanding
 these
 regulatory
 capital
 requirements,
 we
 expect
 that
 our
 main
 uses
 of
 cash
 will
 be
 to
 fund
 the
 ongoing
 operations
 of
 our
 business.
 We
 also
 maintain
 a
 capital
 return
 program
 which
 includes
 a
 0.03
 per
 share
 quarterly
 cash
 dividend
 and
 authority
 to
 purchase
 our
 common
 stock
 through
 April
 27,
 2025,
 including
 purchases
 to
 offset
 future
 equity
 grants
 made
 under
 our
 equity
 plans
 and
 purchases
 made
 in
 open
 market
 or
 privately
 negotiated
 transactions. 
 During
 the
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024,
 we
 repurchased
 6,800,301
 shares
 of
 our
 common
 stock
 under
 the
 repurchase
 program
 for
 an
 aggregate
 cost
 of
 62.9
 million.
 Currently,
 approximately
 35.5
 million
 remains
 under
 this
 program
 for
 future
 purchases. 
 In
 addition,
 on
 August
 13,
 2024,
 we
 repurchased
 all
 of
 our
 then-outstanding
 Series
 A
 Non-Voting
 Convertible
 Preferred
 Stock,
 which
 was
 convertible
 into
 14,750,000
 shares
 of
 our
 common
 stock,
 from
 ETFS
 Capital
 for
 aggregate
 cash
 consideration
 of
 approximately
 143.8
 million.
 See
 Note
 11
 to
 our
 Consolidated
 Financial
 Statements
 for
 additional
 information. 
 Contractual
 Obligations
 
 Convertible
 Notes 
 We
 currently
 have
 520.8
 million
 in
 aggregate
 principal
 amount
 of
 Convertible
 Notes
 outstanding,
 of
 which
 150.0
 million,
 25.8
 million
 and
 345.0
 million
 are
 scheduled
 to
 mature
 on
 June
 15,
 2026,
 August
 15,
 2028
 and
 August
 15,
 2029,
 in
 respect
 of
 the
 2026
 Notes,
 the
 2028
 Notes
 and
 the
 2029
 Notes,
 respectively,
 unless
 earlier
 converted,
 repurchased
 or
 redeemed.
 Conditional
 conversions
 or
 a
 requirement
 to
 repurchase
 the
 Convertible
 Notes
 upon
 the
 occurrence
 of
 a
 fundamental
 change
 may
 accelerate
 payment. 
 The
 Convertible
 Notes
 require
 cash
 settlement
 of
 up
 to
 the
 principal
 amount,
 while
 settlement
 of
 the
 conversion
 obligation
 in
 excess
 of
 the
 aggregate
 principal
 amount
 may
 be
 satisfied
 in
 either
 cash,
 shares
 of
 our
 common
 stock
 or
 a
 combination
 of
 cash
 and
 shares
 of
 our
 common
 stock.
 We
 may
 settle
 and/or
 refinance
 these
 obligations
 when
 due. 
 See
 the
 section
 titled
 Issuance
 of
 Convertible
 Notes 
 above
 for
 additional
 information. 
 Payable
 to
 GBH 
 On
 November
 20,
 2023,
 we
 repurchased
 our
 Series
 C
 Preferred
 Stock
 from
 GBH
 for
 aggregate
 cash
 consideration
 of
 approximately
 84.4
 million.
 The
 Series
 C
 Preferred
 Stock
 was
 originally
 issued
 to
 GBH
 on
 May
 10,
 2023
 in
 connection
 with
 the
 termination
 of
 our
 obligations
 relating
 to
 the
 contractual
 gold
 payments.
 Under
 the
 terms
 of
 the
 transaction,
 we
 paid
 GBH
 40.0
 million
 on
 the
 closing
 date,
 with
 the
 remainder
 of
 the
 purchase
 price
 payable
 in
 equal,
 interest-free
 installments
 on
 the
 first,
 second
 and
 third
 anniversaries
 of
 the
 closing
 date. 
 Operating
 Leases 
 Total
 future
 minimum
 lease
 payments
 with
 respect
 to
 our
 operating
 lease
 liabilities
 were
 1.6
 million
 at
 September
 30,
 2024.
 Cash
 flows
 generated
 by
 our
 operating
 activities
 and
 existing
 cash
 balances
 should
 be
 sufficient
 to
 satisfy
 the
 future
 minimum
 lease
 payments.
 See
 Note
 13
 to
 our
 Consolidated
 Financial
 Statements
 for
 additional
 information. 
 Off-Balance
 Sheet
 Arrangements
 
 We
 do
 not
 have
 any
 off-balance
 sheet
 financing
 or
 other
 arrangements
 and
 have
 neither
 created
 nor
 are
 party
 to
 any
 special-purpose
 or
 off-balance
 sheet
 entities
 for
 the
 purpose
 of
 raising
 capital,
 incurring
 debt
 or
 operating
 our
 business. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

Critical
 Accounting
 Policies
 and
 Estimates 
 Goodwill
 and
 Intangible
 Assets
 
 Goodwill
 is
 the
 excess
 of
 the
 purchase
 price
 over
 the
 fair
 values
 of
 the
 identifiable
 net
 assets
 at
 the
 acquisition
 date.
 We
 test
 goodwill
 for
 impairment
 at
 least
 annually
 and
 at
 the
 time
 of
 a
 triggering
 event
 requiring
 re-evaluation,
 if
 one
 were
 to
 occur.
 Goodwill
 is
 considered
 impaired
 when
 the
 estimated
 fair
 value
 of
 the
 reporting
 unit
 that
 was
 allocated
 the
 goodwill
 is
 less
 than
 its
 carrying
 value.
 If
 the
 estimated
 fair
 value
 of
 such
 reporting
 unit
 is
 less
 than
 its
 carrying
 value,
 goodwill
 impairment
 is
 recognized
 based
 on
 that
 difference,
 not
 to
 exceed
 the
 carrying
 amount
 of
 goodwill.
 A
 reporting
 unit
 is
 an
 operating
 segment
 or
 a
 component
 of
 an
 operating
 segment
 provided
 that
 the
 component
 constitutes
 a
 business
 for
 which
 discrete
 financial
 information
 is
 available
 and
 management
 regularly
 reviews
 the
 operating
 results
 of
 that
 component. 
 Goodwill
 is
 allocated
 to
 our
 U.S.
 business
 and
 European
 business
 components.
 For
 impairment
 testing
 purposes,
 these
 components
 are
 aggregated
 as
 a
 single
 reporting
 unit
 as
 they
 fall
 under
 the
 same
 operating
 segment
 and
 have
 similar
 economic
 characteristics. 
 Goodwill
 is
 assessed
 for
 impairment
 annually
 on
 November
 30 th .
 When
 performing
 our
 goodwill
 impairment
 test,
 we
 consider
 a
 qualitative
 assessment,
 when
 appropriate,
 and
 the
 market
 approach
 and
 its
 market
 capitalization
 when
 determining
 the
 fair
 value
 of
 the
 reporting
 unit.
 The
 results
 of
 our
 most
 recent
 analysis
 indicated
 no
 impairment
 based
 upon
 a
 quantitative
 assessment. 
 Indefinite-lived
 intangible
 assets
 are
 tested
 for
 impairment
 at
 least
 annually
 and
 are
 reviewed
 for
 impairment
 whenever
 events
 or
 changes
 in
 circumstances
 indicate
 that
 the
 carrying
 amount
 of
 an
 asset
 may
 not
 be
 recoverable.
 Indefinite-lived
 intangible
 assets
 are
 impaired
 if
 their
 estimated
 fair
 value
 is
 less
 than
 their
 carrying
 value.
 We
 may
 rely
 on
 a
 qualitative
 assessment
 when
 performing
 our
 intangible
 asset
 impairment
 test.
 Otherwise,
 the
 impairment
 evaluation
 is
 performed
 at
 the
 lowest
 level
 of
 reasonably
 identifiable
 cash
 flows
 independent
 of
 other
 assets.
 The
 annual
 impairment
 testing
 date
 for
 our
 intangible
 assets
 is
 November
 30 th .
 The
 results
 of
 our
 most
 recent
 analysis
 identified
 no
 indicators
 of
 impairment
 to
 be
 recognized
 based
 upon
 a
 quantitative
 assessment
 (discounted
 cash
 flow
 analysis)
 which
 relied
 upon
 significant
 unobservable
 inputs
 including
 projected
 revenue
 growth
 rates
 of
 3.0 
 and
 a
 weighted
 average
 cost
 of
 capital
 of
 10.5 . 
 Investments
 
 We
 account
 for
 equity
 investments
 that
 do
 not
 have
 a
 readily
 determinable
 fair
 value
 under
 the
 measurement
 alternative
 prescribed
 within
 ASU
 2016-01,
 Financial
 Instruments
 
 Recognition
 and
 Measurement
 of
 Financial
 Assets
 and
 Financial
 Liabilities ,
 to
 the
 extent
 such
 investments
 are
 not
 subject
 to
 consolidation
 or
 the
 equity
 method.
 Under
 the
 measurement
 alternative,
 these
 financial
 instruments
 are
 carried
 at
 cost,
 less
 any
 impairment
 (assessed
 quarterly),
 plus
 or
 minus
 changes
 resulting
 from
 observable
 price
 changes
 in
 orderly
 transactions
 for
 an
 identical
 or
 similar
 investment
 of
 the
 same
 issuer.
 In
 addition,
 income
 is
 recognized
 when
 dividends
 are
 received
 only
 to
 the
 extent
 they
 are
 distributed
 from
 net
 accumulated
 earnings
 of
 the
 investee.
 Otherwise,
 such
 distributions
 are
 considered
 returns
 of
 investment
 and
 are
 recorded
 as
 a
 reduction
 of
 the
 cost
 of
 the
 investment. 
 See
 Note
 7
 to
 our
 Consolidated
 Financial
 Statements
 for
 additional
 information. 
 Revenue
 Recognition
 
 We
 earn
 substantially
 all
 of
 our
 revenue
 in
 the
 form
 of
 advisory
 fees
 from
 our
 ETPs
 and
 recognize
 this
 revenue
 over
 time,
 as
 the
 performance
 obligation
 is
 satisfied.
 Advisory
 fees
 are
 based
 on
 a
 percentage
 of
 the
 ETPs 
 average
 daily
 net
 assets.
 Progress
 is
 measured
 using
 the
 practical
 expedient
 under
 the
 output
 method
 resulting
 in
 the
 recognition
 of
 revenue
 in
 the
 amount
 for
 which
 we
 have
 a
 right
 to
 invoice. 
 Other
 revenues
 are
 earned
 from
 swap
 providers
 associated
 with
 certain
 of
 our
 European
 listed
 ETPs,
 the
 nature
 of
 which
 are
 based
 on
 a
 percentage
 of
 the
 ETPs 
 average
 daily
 net
 assets.
 We
 also
 earn
 transaction-based
 income
 on
 flows
 associated
 with
 certain
 European
 listed
 ETPs.
 There
 is
 no
 significant
 judgment
 in
 calculating
 amounts
 due,
 which
 are
 invoiced
 monthly
 or
 quarterly
 in
 arrears
 and
 are
 not
 subject
 to
 any
 potential
 reversal.
 Progress
 is
 measured
 using
 the
 practical
 expedient
 under
 the
 output
 method
 resulting
 in
 the
 recognition
 of
 revenue
 in
 the
 amount
 for
 which
 we
 have
 a
 right
 to
 invoice. 

ITEM 3. 

 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The following information, together with information
included in other parts of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, describes
key aspects of our market risk. 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk to us generally represents the risk
of changes in the value of our ETPs and Digital Funds that results from fluctuations in securities or commodity prices, foreign currency
exchange rates against the U.S. dollar, and interest rates. Nearly all our revenues are derived from advisory agreements for the WisdomTree
ETPs. Under these agreements, the advisory fee we receive is based on the average market value of the assets in the WisdomTree ETP portfolios
we manage. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

Fluctuations
 in
 the
 value
 of
 the
 ETPs
 are
 common
 and
 are
 generated
 by
 numerous
 factors
 such
 as
 market
 volatility,
 the
 global
 economy,
 inflation,
 changes
 in
 investor
 strategies
 and
 sentiment,
 availability
 of
 alternative
 investment
 vehicles,
 domestic
 and
 foreign
 government
 regulations,
 emerging
 markets
 developments
 and
 others.
 Accordingly,
 changes
 in
 any
 one
 or
 a
 combination
 of
 these
 factors
 may
 reduce
 the
 value
 of
 investment
 securities
 and,
 in
 turn,
 the
 underlying
 AUM
 on
 which
 our
 revenues
 are
 earned.
 These
 declines
 may
 cause
 investors
 to
 withdraw
 funds
 from
 our
 ETPs
 in
 favor
 of
 investments
 that
 they
 perceive
 as
 offering
 greater
 opportunity
 or
 lower
 risk,
 thereby
 compounding
 the
 impact
 on
 our
 revenues.
 We
 believe
 challenging
 and
 volatile
 market
 conditions
 will
 continue
 to
 be
 present
 in
 the
 foreseeable
 future. 
 Interest
 Rate
 Risk
 
 We
 invest
 our
 corporate
 cash
 in
 short-term
 interest
 earning
 assets,
 primarily
 in
 federal
 agency
 debt
 instruments,
 WisdomTree
 fixed
 income
 ETFs,
 U.S.
 treasuries,
 corporate
 bonds,
 money
 market
 instruments
 at
 a
 commercial
 bank
 and
 other
 securities
 which
 totaled
 109.2
 million
 and
 135.9
 million
 as
 of
 December
 31,
 2023
 and
 September
 30,
 2024,
 respectively.
 During
 the
 nine
 months
 ended
 September
 30,
 2024,
 we
 recognized
 gains
 on
 these
 financial
 instruments
 of
 2.6
 million
 and
 any
 gains/losses
 recognized
 in
 the
 future
 may
 be
 material
 to
 our
 operating
 results.
 We
 do
 not
 anticipate
 that
 changes
 in
 interest
 rates
 will
 have
 a
 material
 impact
 on
 our
 financial
 condition
 or
 cash
 flows. 
 In
 addition,
 our
 Convertible
 Notes
 bear
 interest
 at
 fixed
 rates
 of
 5.75 
 for
 the
 2028
 Notes
 and
 3.25 
 for
 the
 2026
 Notes
 and
 the
 2029
 Notes.
 Therefore,
 we
 have
 no
 direct
 financial
 statement
 risk
 associated
 with
 changes
 in
 interest
 rates.
 However,
 the
 fair
 value
 of
 the
 Convertible
 Notes
 changes
 primarily
 when
 the
 market
 price
 of
 our
 common
 stock
 fluctuates
 or
 interest
 rates
 change. 
 Exchange
 Rate
 Risk
 
 We
 are
 subject
 to
 currency
 translation
 exposure
 on
 the
 results
 of
 our
 non-U.S.
 operations,
 primarily
 in
 the
 United
 Kingdom
 and
 Europe.
 Foreign
 currency
 translation
 risk
 is
 the
 risk
 that
 exchange
 rate
 gains
 or
 losses
 arise
 from
 translating
 foreign
 entities 
 statements
 of
 earnings
 and
 balance
 sheets
 from
 functional
 currency
 to
 our
 reporting
 currency
 (the
 U.S.
 dollar)
 for
 consolidation
 purposes.
 The
 advisory
 fees
 earned
 on
 our
 European
 listed
 ETPs
 are
 predominantly
 in
 U.S.
 dollars
 (and
 also
 paid
 in
 gold,
 other
 precious
 metals
 and
 cryptocurrency,
 as
 described
 below);
 however,
 expenses
 for
 corporate
 overhead
 are
 generally
 incurred
 in
 British
 pounds.
 Currently,
 we
 do
 not
 enter
 into
 derivative
 financial
 instruments
 aimed
 at
 offsetting
 certain
 exposures
 in
 the
 statement
 of
 operations
 or
 the
 balance
 sheet
 but
 may
 seek
 to
 do
 so
 in
 the
 future. 
 Exchange
 rate
 risk
 associated
 with
 the
 euro
 is
 not
 considered
 to
 be
 significant. 
 Commodity
 and
 Cryptocurrency
 Price
 Risk
 
 Fluctuations
 in
 the
 prices
 of
 commodities
 and
 cryptocurrencies
 that
 are
 linked
 to
 certain
 of
 our
 ETPs
 could
 have
 a
 material
 adverse
 effect
 on
 our
 AUM
 and
 revenues.
 In
 addition,
 a
 portion
 of
 the
 advisory
 fee
 revenues
 we
 receive
 on
 our
 ETPs
 backed
 by
 gold,
 other
 precious
 metals
 and
 cryptocurrencies
 are
 paid
 in
 the
 underlying
 metal
 or
 cryptocurrency.
 While
 we
 readily
 sell
 the
 gold,
 precious
 metals
 and
 cryptocurrencies
 that
 we
 earn
 under
 these
 advisory
 contracts,
 we
 still
 may
 maintain
 a
 position.
 We
 currently
 do
 not
 enter
 into
 arrangements
 to
 hedge
 against
 fluctuations
 in
 the
 price
 of
 these
 commodities
 and
 cryptocurrencies
 and
 any
 hedging
 we
 may
 undertake
 in
 the
 future
 may
 not
 be
 cost-effective
 or
 sufficient
 to
 hedge
 against
 this
 exposure. 

ITEM 4. 

 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024, our management, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable
assurance level in ensuring that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules, regulations and forms of the SEC,
including ensuring that such material information is accumulated by and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

PART
 II:
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 

 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We may be subject to reviews, inspections and
investigations by federal regulators including, but not limited to, the SEC, Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), National Futures
Association (NFA), Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), state and foreign regulators, as well as legal proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of business. See Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding (1) a 4.0
million civil money penalty in connection with the SEC ESG Settlement and (2) actual and potential claims brought by investors in our
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged ETP totaling approximately 27.5 million 30.7 million), including an appealed claim
for total damages of 7.8 million 8.7 million). 

ITEM 1A. 

 RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the updated risk factor and other
information set forth below and elsewhere in this Report, you should carefully consider the information set forth in Part 1, Item 1A.
 Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and in subsequent reports filed
with or furnished to the SEC. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Compliance with extensive, complex and changing regulation
imposes significant financial and strategic costs on our business, and non-compliance could result in fines and penalties. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation of our
business and operations. One of our U.S. subsidiaries, WTAM, is a registered investment adviser and is subject to oversight by the SEC
pursuant to its regulatory authority under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. We also must comply with certain requirements
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, with respect to the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs for which WTAM acts as investment
adviser. WTAM is also a member of the NFA and registered as a commodity pool operator for certain of our ETFs. As a commodity pool operator,
we are subject to oversight by the NFA and the CFTC pursuant to regulatory authority under the Commodity Exchange Act. In addition,
the content and use of our marketing and sales materials and the conduct of our sales force in the U.S. regarding our U.S. listed ETFs
are subject to the regulatory authority of FINRA. The SEC also has recently adopted rule amendments that are designed to modernize sales
and marketing materials and, as a result, could impact our marketing materials. We are also subject to foreign laws and regulatory authorities
with respect to operational aspects of our products that invest in securities of issuers in foreign countries, in the marketing, offer
and/or sales of our products in foreign jurisdictions and in our offering of investment products domiciled outside of the U.S., such as
our ETPs issued by the ManJer Issuers, UCITS ETFs and ETPs issued by WMAI. Each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has
regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of our business, including the authority to grant, and, in specific circumstances to cancel,
permissions to carry on particular businesses. Our ETPs failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations has in the past,
and could in the future, result in fines, censure, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our registration
as an investment adviser. For example, on August 5, 2024, WTAM received a Wells Notice from the staff (the Staff of the
SEC advising WTAM that the Staff had made a preliminary determination to recommend that the SEC file an enforcement action against WTAM
alleging violations of certain provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws relating to three exchange-traded series of WisdomTree Trust
managed by WTAM that pursued ESG-focused strategies (collectively, the Funds ). Without admitting or denying the SEC s
allegations, WTAM agreed to resolve the matter by consenting to the entry of an Order by the SEC, which was announced publicly on October
21, 2024, in which WTAM agreed to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Sections 206(2)
and 206(4) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, Rules 206(4)-7 and 206(4)-8 thereunder, and Section 34(b) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and to pay a civil money penalty of 4.0 million. 
 Even if a sanction imposed against us, our personnel
or our ETPs is small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity arising from the imposition of sanctions against us, our personnel or our
ETPs by regulators could harm our reputation and thus result in redemptions from our products and impede our ability to retain and attract
investors in WisdomTree ETPs, all of which may reduce our revenues. 
 We face the risk of significant intervention
by regulatory authorities, including extended investigation activity, adoption of costly or restrictive new regulations and judicial or
administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties. Among other things, we have been and could be fined or be prohibited
from engaging in some of our business activities. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the
financial markets and to protect investors in WisdomTree ETPs and our advisory clients and are not designed to protect our stockholders.
Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities, including through WisdomTree ETP investor protection and market conduct
requirements. 
 The regulatory environment in which we operate
also is subject to modifications and further regulation. Concerns have been raised at various times about ETFs possible contribution
to market volatility as well as the disclosure requirements applicable to certain types of more complex ETFs. In addition, the SEC recently
approved a broad set of rules regarding data reporting and fund liquidity, fund valuation and funds use of derivatives, which are
imposing additional expense and require additional administrative services and requirements, among other matters, in seeking to comply
with these rules. New laws or regulations, or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, applicable to us or investors
in our products also may adversely affect our business, and our ability to function in this environment will depend on our ability to
constantly monitor and react to these changes. Compliance with new laws and regulations may result in increased compliance costs and expenses. 

56 

 Table of Contents 

Specific
 regulatory
 changes
 also
 may
 have
 a
 direct
 impact
 on
 our
 revenues.
 In
 addition
 to
 regulatory
 scrutiny
 and
 potential
 fines
 and
 sanctions,
 regulators
 continue
 to
 examine
 different
 aspects
 of
 the
 asset
 management
 industry.
 New
 regulations,
 revised
 regulatory
 or
 judicial
 interpretations,
 revised
 viewpoints,
 outcomes
 of
 lawsuits
 against
 other
 fund
 complexes
 or
 growth
 in
 our
 ETP
 assets
 and/or
 profitability
 related
 to
 the
 annual
 approval
 process
 for
 investment
 advisory
 agreements
 may
 result
 in
 the
 reduction
 of
 fees
 under
 these
 agreements,
 which
 would
 mean
 a
 reduction
 in
 our
 revenues
 or
 otherwise
 may
 lead
 to
 an
 increase
 in
 costs
 or
 expenses. 
 Our
 operations
 outside
 the
 U.S.
 are
 subject
 to
 the
 laws
 and
 regulations
 of
 various
 non-U.S.
 jurisdictions
 and
 non-U.S.
 regulatory
 agencies
 and
 bodies.
 As
 we
 have
 expanded
 our
 international
 presence,
 a
 number
 of
 our
 subsidiaries
 and
 international
 operations
 have
 become
 subject
 to
 regulatory
 systems
 in
 various
 jurisdictions,
 comparable
 to
 those
 covering
 our
 operations
 in
 the
 U.S.
 Regulators
 in
 these
 non-U.S.
 jurisdictions
 may
 have
 broad
 authority
 with
 respect
 to
 the
 regulation
 of
 financial
 services
 including,
 among
 other
 things,
 the
 authority
 to
 grant
 or
 cancel
 required
 licenses
 or
 registrations. 

ITEM 2. 

 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
 
 The following table provides information with
respect to purchases made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser of shares of our common stock. 

Total Number 
of Shares Purchased 

Average Price 
Paid Per Share 

Total
Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate 
Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

Period 

(in thousands) 

July 1, 2024 to July 30,
2024 

August 1, 2024 to August
31, 2024 

September 1, 2024 to September
30, 2024 

5,704,023 

9.65 

5,704,023 

Total 

5,704,023 

9.65 

5,704,023 

33,535 

On February 22, 2022, our Board of Directors
approved an increase of 85.7 million to our share repurchase program and extended the term for three years through April 27, 2025. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 6,800,301 shares of our common stock under this program for an aggregate cost
of approximately 62.9 million. As of September 30, 2024, 33.5 million remained under this program for future repurchases. 
 In addition, on August 13, 2024, we repurchased
all of our then-outstanding Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, which was convertible into 14,750,000 shares of our common
stock, from ETFS Capital for aggregate cash consideration of approximately 143.8 million. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information. 

ITEM 3. 

 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. 

 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. 

 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted, terminated or modified
a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation
S-K). 

57 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 

 EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
Number 

Description 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31,
2011) 

3.2 

Certificate of Amendment to the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Name Change) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022) 

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment to the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Declassification of Board of Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 20, 2022) 

3.4 

Certificate of Amendment to the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Increase in Authorized Shares) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 20, 2022) 

3.5 

Certificate of Designations of Series
A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2018) 

3.6 

Certificate of Elimination of Series A
Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2024) 

3.7 

Certificate of Designations of Series
B Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s
Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on March 20, 2023) 

3.8 

Fifth Amended and Restated By-Laws (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.7 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 2, 2024) 

4.1 

Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.2 

Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement
among the Registrant and certain investors dated December 21, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s
Registration Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.3 

Securities Purchase Agreement among the
Registrant and certain investors dated December 21, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Registration
Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.4 

Securities Purchase Agreement among the
Registrant and certain investors dated October 15, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Registration
Statement on Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.5 

Third Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement dated October 15, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on
Form 10, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2011) 

4.6 

Indenture, dated as of June 14,
2021, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021) 

4.7 

Form of Global Note, representing
the Registrant s 3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021) 

4.8 

Indenture, dated as of February 14,
2023, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023) 

4.9 

Form of Global Note, representing
the Registrant s 5.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023) 

4.10 

Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2024,
by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2024) 

4.11 

Form of Global Note, representing the Registrant s
3.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K,
filed with the SEC on August 13, 2024) 

4.12 

Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated
as of March 17, 2023, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on March 20, 2023) 

58 

 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
Number 

Description 

4.13 

Amendment No. 1, dated as of May
4, 2023, to Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
SEC on May 5, 2023) 

4.14 

Amendment No. 2, dated as of May
10, 2023, to Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
SEC on May 10, 2023) 

4.15 

Amendment No. 3, dated as of
March 18, 2024, to Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, as amended, between WisdomTree, Inc. and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form
8-K, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2024) 

4.16 

Amendment
No. 4, dated as of March 25, 2024, to Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, as amended, between WisdomTree, Inc. and
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 

4.17 

Amendment
No. 5, dated as of April 30, 2024, to Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2023, as amended, between WisdomTree, Inc. and
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 30, 2024) 

4.18 

Termination
Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2024, by and between ETFS Capital Limited and WisdomTree, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024) 

10.1 

Stock Repurchase
Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2024, by and between WisdomTree, Inc. and ETFS Capital Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024) 

31.1 (1) 

Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification 

31.2 (1) 

Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification 

32.1 (2) 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 (1) 

Financial Statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended
September 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023; (ii) Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (Unaudited);
(iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September
30, 2023 (Unaudited); (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (Unaudited);
and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, as blocks of text and in detail. 

101.SCH (1) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL (1) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF (1) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB (1) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE (1) 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 (1) 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits
101. 
 
 __________________________________________________________ 

(1) 

 Filed herewith. 

(2) 

 Furnished herewith. 

59 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURE
 
 Pursuant
 to
 the
 requirements
 of
 the
 Exchange
 Act,
 the
 registrant
 has
 duly
 caused
 this
 report
 to
 be
 signed
 on
 its
 behalf
 by
 the
 undersigned
 hereunto
 duly
 authorized
 on
 this
 7 th 
 day
 of
 November
 2024. 

WISDOMTREE, INC. 

By: 

 /s/ Jonathan Steinberg 

Jonathan Steinberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

WISDOMTREE, INC. 

By: 

 /s/ Bryan Edmiston 

Bryan Edmiston 

Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal
 Accounting Officer) 
 
 60 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 Certification 

 I, Jonathan Steinberg, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WisdomTree, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan
 Steinberg 

Jonathan Steinberg 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 Date: November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 Certification 

 I, Bryan Edmiston, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of WisdomTree, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Bryan Edmiston 

Bryan Edmiston 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date: November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the Quarterly Report
of WisdomTree, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Jonathan Steinberg, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, and Bryan Edmiston, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to our knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

 This certification is being furnished and not
filed, and shall not be incorporated into any documents for any purpose, under the Exchange Act, as amended. A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
SEC or its staff upon request. 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Steinberg 

Jonathan Steinberg 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Bryan Edmiston 

Bryan Edmiston 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and
 Principal 
Accounting Officer) 

November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 wt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 wt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 wt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 wt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 wt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

