<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1607939_0001607939-24-000188.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8817504</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>293204</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1531838</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3268638</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1882896</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1653640</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607939-24-000188.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030181311
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607939-24-000188
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Udemy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001607939
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				271779864
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40956
		FILM NUMBER:		241411730

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 378-4789

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607939-24-000188.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 udmy-20240930.htm
 10-Q

udmy-20240930 
 
 Table of Content s 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

Table of Content s 

Table of Contents 
 Page Summary of Risk Factors 
 i 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 PART I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 PART II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 74 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 75 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 75 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 75 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 76 
 Signatures 
 79 

Table of Content s 

 Summary of risk factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section of this report titled Risk Factors. The following is a summary of the principal risks we face, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects: 
 We have a history of losses, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We operate in an emerging and dynamic market, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly from period to period due to a wide range of factors, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to attract new learners, instructors, and organizations and retain existing ones. 
 Our platform relies on a limited number of instructors who create a significant portion of the most popular content on our platform, and the loss of these instructor relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain and expand our relationships with Udemy Business UB or Enterprise customers, our ability to grow our business and revenue will suffer. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market, and we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 The market for online learning solutions is relatively new and may not grow as we expect, which may harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Adherence to our values and our focus on long-term sustainability may negatively impact our short- or medium-term financial performance. 
 Failure to effectively leverage our strategic partnerships to market and sell our products could impact our ability to increase brand awareness and grow our revenue. 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, including those relating to the protection or transfer of data relating to individuals, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or any other obligations could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be unable to adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary information, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We could face liability, or our reputation might be harmed, as a result of courses posted to our platform. 
 Intellectual property litigation, including litigation related to content available on our platform, could result in significant costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 i 

Table of Content s 

 Special note regarding forward-looking statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Form 10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, would, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our expectations regarding our financial and operating performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, costs, monthly average buyers, number of Udemy Business UB customers, UB Annual Recurring Revenue, UB Net Dollar Retention Rate, UB Large Customer Net Dollar Retention Rate, segment revenue, segment gross profit, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin; 
 our ability to successfully execute our business, growth and operational strategies, including our operational efficiency initiatives; 
 our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, and enterprise customers; 
 the timing, impact, and success of new features, integrations, capabilities, and other platform enhancements by us, or by our competitors to their offerings, or any other changes in the competitive landscape of our markets and industry; 
 anticipated trends, developments, and challenges in our industry, business, the markets in which we operate, and broader macroeconomic environment; 
 the size of our addressable markets, market share, and market trends, including our ability to grow our business internationally; 
 the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments to meet our liquidity needs; 
 our ability to develop and protect our brand and reputation; 
 our expectations and management of future growth; 
 our expectations concerning relationships with third parties; 
 our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our skilled personnel, including members of our senior management team; 
 our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and regulations, including with respect to taxation and privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity; 
 our ability to maintain the security and availability of our platform; 
 our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us; 
 our ability to successfully identify, execute, and integrate any potential acquisitions or strategic investments; 
 our expectations regarding our income and other tax liabilities; 
 our ability to effectively manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and 
 our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary information. 
 Actual events or results may differ from those expressed in forward-looking statements. As such, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, operating results, prospects, strategy, and financial needs. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-Q. While we believe that such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 ii 

Table of Content s 

 The forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-Q or to reflect new information, actual results, revised expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to the public through filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, our website (udemy.com), press releases, public conference calls, public webcasts, and social media, including our corporate and our Chief Executive Officer s social media accounts on LinkedIn and X. We encourage our investors and others to review the information disclosed through such channels as such information could be deemed to be material information. Please note that this list may be updated from time to time . 
 Market and industry data 
 Certain market and industry data included in this Form 10-Q has been obtained from third party sources that we believe to be reliable. Market estimates are calculated by using independent industry publications, government publications, and third-party forecasts in conjunction with our assumptions about our markets. We have not independently verified such third-party information. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any market, industry or similar data presented herein, such data involves risks and uncertainties and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in this Form 10-Q in the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 iii 

Table of Content s 

 PART I. 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Udemy, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts 
 (unaudited) 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current 
 Marketable securities 
 Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deferred contract costs, current Total current assets Property and equipment, net Capitalized software, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Restricted cash, non-current Deferred contract costs, non-current Strategic investments Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Content costs payable Accrued compensation and benefits Operating lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue, current Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Deferred revenue, non-current Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Note 7 Commitments and contingencies par value - shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Content s 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 in thousands, except share and per share amounts 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring charges Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net 
 Interest income Interest expense ) ) Other income (expense), net 
 ) ) ) Total other income, net Net loss before taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax provision ) ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per share 
 Basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share 
 Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Content s 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 in thousands 
 (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Foreign currency translation gain (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Content s 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 in thousands, except share amounts 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Shares Amount Balance June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) Balance June 30, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance December 31, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Other comprehensive income (loss) Net loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Content s 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 in thousands 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred contract costs 
 Stock-based compensation Allowance for credit losses Accretion of marketable securities ) ) Non-cash operating lease expense Unrealized loss on strategic investments Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Deferred contract costs ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Content costs payable ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Capitalized software costs ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from share purchases under employee stock purchase plan Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 
 ) Repurchases of common stock 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash flows ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period 
 
 5 

Table of Content s 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Restricted cash, non-current Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Stock-based compensation in capitalized costs Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets exchanged for operating lease liabilities Accrued excise tax on share repurchases 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Content s 

 Udemy, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 

operating and reportable segments: Enterprise and Consumer. The Company continually monitors and reviews its segment reporting structure in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting, to determine whether any changes have occurred that would impact its reportable segments. For further information on the Com pany s segment reporting, see Note 12 Segment and geographic information. 
 
 7 

Table of Content s 

Summary of significant ac counting policies There have been no significant changes to the policies as disclosed in Note 2 Summary of significant accounting policies of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 26, 2024 (the Annual Report ). 
 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 8 

Table of Content s 

million. Revenue recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2023, from amounts included in deferred revenue as of June 30, 2023, was million. 
 
 Revenue recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from amounts included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023, was million. Revenue recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, from amounts included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022, was million. 
 
 Consumer Total deferred revenue 
 
 Remaining performance obligations Remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate amount of the transaction price in contracts for performance obligations not delivered, or partially undelivered, as of the end of the reporting period. Remaining performance obligations primarily relate to deferred revenue as well as unbilled revenue from multi-year Enterprise subscription contracts with future installment payments, as well as unearned revenue from Consumer single course purchases and subscriptions at the end of any given period. As of September 30, 2024 , the aggregate transaction price for remaining performance obligations was million, of which is expected to be recognized over the next and the remainder thereafter. 
 
 Deferred contract costs 
 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 9 

Table of Content s 

 Time deposits Marketable securities: U.S. government securities Strategic investments Total assets 
 Liabilities 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities: 
 Cash settled stock appreciation rights 
 Other liabilities, non-current: 
 Cash settled stock appreciation rights Total liabilities 

As of December 31, 2023 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets 
 Cash equivalents 1 : 
 Money market funds Marketable securities: U.S. government securities Strategic investments Total assets 
 Other liabilities, non-current: 
 Cash settled stock appreciation rights (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, in addition to million and million of cash, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company s money market funds and time deposits are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted prices in active markets. The Company s investments in U.S. government securities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they have been valued using inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are directly or indirectly observable. The Company s strategic investment and cash settled stock appreciation rights are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because they have been valued using significant unobservable inputs for which the Company has been required to develop its own assumptions. 
 10 

Table of Content s 

 Vesting and remeasurement of SARs ) Balance September 30, 2024 
 Balance June 30, 2023 
 Vesting and remeasurement of SARs ) Balance September 30, 2023 
 Balance December 31, 2023 
 Vesting and remeasurement of SARs ) Exercises of SARs ) Unrealized loss on strategic investments ) Balance September 30, 2024 
 Balance December 31, 2022 
 Vesting and remeasurement of SARs ) Exercises of SARs ) Unrealized loss on strategic investments ) Balance September 30, 2023 
 
 The fair value analysis involved the use of significant observable and unobservable assumptions, including the investee s forecasted financial condition in relation to its outstanding obligations, ability to secure additional funds through various alternative scenarios, and a dual market and income approach involving revenue multiples of publicly traded peer companies and financial forecasts provided by the investee. Based on the assessment performed as of June 30, 2024, the Company recognized an impairment loss of million during the second quarter of 2024, such that the carrying value of its strategic investments was reduced to zero. 
 The cost basis of the strategic investments is million. In addition to the million impairment charge recognized during the second quarter of 2024, the Company previously recognized impairment charges of million during the second quarter of 2023 and million during the third quarter of 2022. There have been no observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer during the periods presented. 
 
 11 

Table of Content s 

Money market funds Time deposits Total cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities: U.S. government securities Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and cash equivalents: Cash Money market funds Total cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities: U.S. government securities Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities 
 
 Realized gains and losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other income, net were zero for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The Company had securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company does not intend to sell available-for-sale marketable debt securities in unrealized loss positions, and it is more likely than not that the Company will hold these securities until maturity or recovery of the cost basis. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have an allowance for credit losses related to its available-for-sale debt securities due to a zero loss expectation for the portfolio which consists solely of U.S. government securities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the entirety of the Company s marketable securities portfolio had remaining contractual maturities of one year or less. 
 
 12 

Table of Content s 

 Computers and equipment Furniture and fixtures Purchased software Construction in progress 
 Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expe nse was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Capitalized software, net Less accumulated amortization ) ) Capitalized software, net 
 Amortization expense of capitalized software was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 Total expected amortization 
 
 years ) Vendor relationships years ) Developed technology years ) Tradename years ) Total ) 
 
 13 

Table of Content s 

 years ) Vendor relationships years ) Developed technology years ) Tradename years ) Total ) 
 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 Total expected amortization 
 
 Goodwill in the amount of million was established as part of the CorpU acquisition on August 24, 2021, and allocated to the Enterprise segment. This amount represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. There have been no adjustments to the carrying amount of goodwill as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company tests for impairment at least annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. No such triggering events were noted for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Indirect tax reserves Indirect tax payables Other current liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

14 

Table of Content s 

 million. These activities primarily consisted of extensions to lease terms for real estate facilities through fiscal year 2029. The longest remaining lease term, relating to the Company s San Francisco headquarters, also has a renewal option not included in the lease term as it was not reasonably certain of being exercised at the time of renewal. 
 As part of these activities, the Company is entitled to receive million in tenant incentives for future leasehold improvements to be constructed by the Company, which was still outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The amount of cash restricted in connection with certain new and renewed lease agreements was also reduced by million. 
 Variable lease costs Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Weighted average remaining term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Gross lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 15 

Table of Content s 

 million w orth of future minimum payments under noncancellable purchase commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year as of September 30, 2024, which are expected to be paid through 2027 . 
 Indemnification The Company enters into indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including certain business partners, investors, contractors, and the Company s officers, directors, and certain employees. The Company has agreed to indemnify and defend the indemnified party s claims and related losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party resulting from actual or threatened third-party claims because of the Company s activities or, in some cases, non-compliance with certain representations and warranties made by the Company. In general, the Company does not record any liability for these indemnities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as the amounts cannot be reasonably estimated and are not considered probable. The Company does, however, accrue for losses for any known contingent liability, including those that may arise from indemnification provisions, when future payment is probable. To date, losses recorded in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations in connection with the indemnification provisions have not been material. 
 Litigation From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to legal proceedings, claims, investigations, and other proceedings, including claims of alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, and commercial, employment, and other matters. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Company makes a provision for a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least annually and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. The outcome of such litigation is not expected to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operation and cash flows of the Company. The Company has recorded an immaterial amount related to all outstanding litigation matters in the accrued expenses and other current liabilities caption of the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 . 
 and ) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The difference between the 21 statutory federal tax rate and the effective tax rate was primarily a result of income earned in jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates, foreign withholding taxes, and tax credits offset by change in valuation allowance. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has provided a valuation allowance against U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. Management continues to evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and the related valuation allowance. If management's assessment of the deferred tax assets or the corresponding valuation allowance were to change, the Company would record the related adjustment to income during the period in which management makes the determination. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as part of the income tax provision. To date, the Company has not recognized any interest and penalties in its condensed consolidated statements of operations, nor has it accrued for or made payments for interest and penalties. 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Due to NOL carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, the statutes of limitations remain open for tax years from inception of the Company through 2023. There are currently no income tax audits underway by U.S. federal or state tax authorities. In October 2023, the Company s subsidiary, Udemy India LLP received a tax assessment from the India Income Tax Department, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The assessment challenged the transfer pricing 
 16 

Table of Content s 

Insight and affiliates Companies affiliated with Board members Expense recognized from services provided by vendors 
 Insight and affiliates 
 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Amounts in accounts receivable 
 Naspers and affiliates Insight and affiliates Companies affiliated with Board members Amounts in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Insight and affiliates 
 
 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of per share with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of direc tors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares issued and outstanding. 
 17 

Table of Content s 

 vote per share. 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan: RSUs outstanding and PSUs (1) 
 Shares available for future issuance under: 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total shares of common stock reserved (1) For those PSUs in their respective performance periods, the number of shares reserved for issuance is based on the maximum achievement of the corporate performance metrics. 
 
 Share repurchase program On February 14, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the Repurchase Program with authorization to purchase up to million of Udemy common stock. The Board of Directors approved a million extension of the Repurchase Program on May 2, 2024, bringing the total authorized under the Repurchase Program to million. The Company may repurchase shares of common stock from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The number of shares to be repurchased and the timing of the repurchases depend on several factors, including, without limitation, business, economic, and market conditions, corporate, legal, and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, trading volume, and other considerations. The Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate the Company to acquire any amount of common stock. 
 Shares repurchased by the Company are accounted for on the settlement date. Upon settlement, repurchased shares are immediately retired and no longer considered issued or outstanding. The total cost to repurchase shares includes any direct costs incurred, including broker commissions and excise taxes, and is recorded as a reduction to additional paid in capital in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares for an aggregate total of million, inclusive of direct costs incurred. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares for an aggregate total of million, inclusive of direct costs incurred. 
 Equity incentive plans In 2010, the Company adopted the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan ). The 2010 Plan provided for incentive stock options ISOs ), non-statutory stock options NSOs , collectively with ISOs, stock options ), SARs, restricted stock, and restricted stock units RSUs to be granted to eligible employees, directors, and consultants. The 2010 Plan was terminated in October 2021 in connection with the IPO but continues to govern the terms and conditions of the outstanding awards granted pursuant to the 2010 Plan. No further equity awards will be granted under the 2010 Plan. 
 The Company adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2021 Plan") in September 2021, which became effective on October 28, 2021 (collectively with the 2010 Plan, the Equity Incentive Plans and was approved by the Company s stockholders. The 2021 Plan provides for the granting of ISOs, NSOs, SARs, restricted stock, RSUs, and performance awards to eligible employees, directors, and consultants. 
 The Company initially reserved shares for issuance under the 2021 Plan. The amount available for issuance is subject to an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2023, in an amount equal to of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year or a lesser amount determined by the Company s Board of Directors or compensation committee. The amount available for issuance shall also include Returning Shares, which are any shares subject to awards granted under the 2010 Plan that, on or after October 29, 2021, expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full, are tendered to or withheld by the Company for payment of an exercise price or for tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest. Additionally, any difference in (i) the number of PSUs reserved for future 
 18 

Table of Content s 

 pursuant to the above evergreen provision of the 2021 Plan. 
 Restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units The fair value of RSUs and PSUs are determined using the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense for RSUs with service-based vesting conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each award, which typically vest over a three or period. 
 Each PSU conveys a right to receive share of the Company s common stock on the date it vests, provided that the number of PSUs that will ultimately vest may vary based upon achievement of the corporate performance metrics at the end of the performance period. During the performance period, Management estimates the number of PSUs that are expected to vest based on the anticipated achievement. If the performance-based vesting condition is considered probable of being achieved, the Company recognizes expense over the requisite service period based on the probable outcome of achievement. If the performance goals are not met, or are considered improbable, no compensation cost is recognized, and any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed. Total stock-based compensation expense to be recognized may fluctuate during the performance period due to changes in forecasted achievement. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company granted PSUs at target to certain executives, with payout achievement ranging from to of target. One quarter of the eligible PSUs vest upon certification of the corporate performance metrics by the Board of Directors compensation committee in the first quarter of 2025, and the remaining will vest equally over the following 12 quarters, subject to continual service by the grantee. Achievement has been considered probable since the grant date, and, as of September 30, 2024, the Company estimated a payout rate of of target based on forecasted achievement. 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the Company granted PSUs at target to certain executives, with payout achievement ranging from to of target. In February 2024, the Board of Directors compensation committee certified actual achievement against target of . As a result, shares were awarded to the grantees, of which one quarter vested in the quarter of certification, while the remaining will vest equally over the following 12 quarters, subject to continual service by the grantee. The difference in the number of shares granted at target and the shares certified by the Board based on actual achievement were canceled and returned to the pool of available for future issuance under the 2021 Plan. 
 Granted Released ) ) Canceled ) ) Unvested - September 30, 2024 
 Awards vested, not yet released - September 30, 2024 
 (1) Canceled PSU shares consist of awards forfeited as well as the difference in the number of shares granted at target in 2023 and the shares certified by the Board based on actual achievement. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested PSUs was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Stock options The Company may grant stock options at exercise prices not less than the fair market value at the date of grant. These options generally expire years from the date of grant. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each award, which is generally even over . 
 19 

Table of Content s 

 Granted Exercised ) Canceled ) Balance - September 30, 2024 
 Vested expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options was immaterial. 
 Stock appreciation rights There have been no other changes to the Company s SARs compared to those described in Note 12 Stockholders equity, included in Part II, Item 8 of the Company s Annual Report. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, SARs were exercised at an exercise price of . As of September 30, 2024, there were outstanding SARs worth an immaterial total fair value. 
 Performance-based stock options There have been no other changes to the Company s performance-based stock options compared to those described in Note 12 Stockholders equity, included in Part II, Item 8 of the Company s Annual Report. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were performance-based stock options outstanding, of which were exercisable. As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested Performance-Based Options was immaterial. 
 Employee stock purchase plan The 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP became effective on October 29, 2021. The Company initially reserved shares of the Company's common stock under the ESPP. Shares reserved for issuance shall increase on the first day of the fiscal year, beginning in fiscal 2023, in an amount equal to the least of of the outstanding shares of common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, times the initial number of shares reserved under the ESPP, or a lesser amount determined by the Company s Board of Directors or compensation committee. On January 1, 2024, the shares available for future grants under the ESPP automatically increased by pursuant to the above evergreen provision of the 2021 ESPP. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares of common stock were issued under the ESPP. 
 On May 20, 2024, the Company s ESPP purchase price was reset for the November 2023 offering period. Under the reset provision, if the closing stock price on the purchase date falls below the closing stock price on the offering date of an ongoing offering period, the ongoing offering period terminates immediately following the purchase of ESPP shares on the purchase date. Participants in the terminated offering period are then automatically enrolled in the new offering period. The ESPP reset resulted in an immaterial amount of incremental compensation cost for the reset participants. This amount, along with the unrecognized expense remaining from the original grant date fair value, will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the new offering period ending in May 2026. 
 20 

Table of Content s 

 Expected volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost for the ESPP was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of year. 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring charges ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 The Company capitalized million and million of stock-based compensation expense as capitalized software during three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 21 

Table of Content s ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share 
 Basic and diluted Net loss per share 
 Basic and diluted 
 
 Stock options Contingently issuable shares under ESPP Total potentially dilutive securities 

segments, Enterprise and Consumer, in order to allocate resources and evaluate the Company s financial performance. 
 
 22 

Table of Content s 

 Consumer Total revenue Segment cost of revenue Enterprise Consumer Total segment cost of revenue Segment gross profit 
 Enterprise Consumer Total segment gross profit Reconciliation of segment gross profit to gross profit Amortization of capitalized software Amortization of intangible assets Depreciation Stock-based compensation Total reconciling items Total gross profit 
 
 Geographic information 
 Revenue : 
 Europe, Middle East, Africa Asia Pacific Latin America Total revenue 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as well as the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue from the United States and Japan each exceeded 10 of the Company s total revenue. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the United States was the only country to exceed 10 of the Company s total revenue. 
 23 

Table of Content s 

 Rest of world Total long-lived assets 

of the Company s global workforce, primarily targeting employees located in higher-cost regions, such as the United States, as well as those within the Company s sales and marketing and research and development functions. Of those impacted, approximately had no future substantive service requirement as of the communication date, while the remaining population will continue to provide services as employees during a retention period to assist with transition and training through no later than March 31, 2025. 
 As a result, the Company expects to recognize total restructuring charges of approximately million, of which recognized million was recognized into expense during the third quarter of 2024. The majority of the charges were made up of million in personnel-related costs, consisting of one-time severance payments, salary and wages earned over legally required retention periods, and other benefits. 
 For impacted employees with no future substantive service requirement, restructuring costs were recognized in-full as of the communication date. For employees rendering services through a retention period, one-time severance costs settled at the end of the retention period are recognized as restructuring costs on a straight-line basis from the communication date to the end of the applicable retention period. Other direct and incremental costs are recognized as incurred. 
 2023 Restructuring On February 13, 2023, the Company communicated to its employees that in response to current macroeconomic conditions and to further streamline its operations and cost structure, it would reduce its global workforce by approximately (collectively, the 2023 Restructuring ). As a result, the Company recognized restructuring charges of million in the first quarter of 2023, primarily consisting of million of personnel expenses such as salaries and wages, one-time severance payments, and other benefits. The Company also recognized million of stock-based compensation expense on the communication date, resulting from impacted employees having no future substantive service requirement but continuing to vest into their equity awards during legally required retention periods as well as certain modifications to enable additional vesting after impacted employees termination dates. The restructuring plan was completed in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Restructuring charges are presented as separate operating expenses within the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Restructuring charges Settlements ) ) ) ) Ending balance 

24 

Table of Content s 

shares of common stock for an aggregate principal value of million, pursuant to the Repurchase Program as discussed in Note 10 Stockholders' equity. 
 
 25 

Table of Content s 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. In addition to historical condensed consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. You should review the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of forward-looking statements and in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to transform lives through learning. 
 We believe traditional skills development and validation methods are fast becoming outdated. Technological advancements and novel industries have significantly altered the types of skills required of workers, and lifelong training and continuous skills acquisition are becoming the norm. There is a clear need to expand access to learning across traditional barriers such as geography and social demographics. Our online platform empowers organizations and individuals with flexible and effective skill acquisition and development, connecting global learners with relevant and up-to-date knowledge from experts and practitioners around the world. 
 Udemy s consumer marketplace has attracted nearly 75 million learners in over 180 countries who are looking for the knowledge and skills they need to attain in-demand jobs, further their career, and improve their well-being. We curate the highest-quality content from our marketplace for Udemy s enterprise SaaS platform, Udemy Business (UB), which enables companies around the world to offer effective on-demand learning for employees, immersive laboratory-style learning for tech teams, and cohort-based learning focused on leadership development. Our network of over 75,000 instructors have created over 250,000 courses in 75 languages that cover a wide range of topics, including technology, business, soft skills, and personal development. 
 Strategic restructuring 
 In September 2024, we committed to a restructuring plan impacting approximately 280 of the Company's global employees as a part of our pursuit of operational efficiencies through the reduction of organizational layers, optimization of our go-to-market organization and relocation of certain roles to lower-cost locations. As a result, we recognized restructuring charges of 11.3 million during the third quarter of 2024, primarily consisting of one-time severance payments, salary and wages earned over legally required retention periods, and other benefits. We expect the restructuring plan to be complete by March 31, 2025. See Note 13 - Restructuring in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 
 Key factors impacting our performance 
 We believe that the growth of our business and our future success are dependent upon many factors. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for us, these factors also pose challenges that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and enhance our results of operations. 
 26 

Table of Content s 

 Ability to attract and engage new learners and Udemy Business customers 
 To grow our business, we must attract new learners and UB customers efficiently and increase engagement on our platform over time. We acquire a substantial portion of our learners via organic channels and also use paid marketing to further enhance the growth of our learner base. Our organic channels include those outside of our paid marketing efforts, such as a Udemy brand name internet search. Once we bring new learners onto our platform, we work to create a best-in-class experience to encourage engagement and drive learning and career outcomes. 
 Ability to retain and expand our existing learner and customer relationships 
 Our business and results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to drive higher usage of our platform within our existing customer base and our ability to add new customers. 
 Our efforts to grow our existing relationships with our consumer learners are focused on increasing their engagement and converting free learners first into purchasers of individuals courses, and then into subscribers. New learners to our platform may first engage with our free courses, which serve as a funnel to grow our total learner base and drive purchases and referrals to our paid offerings. 
 Our efforts to grow our UB offering are focused primarily on corporate and government customers. Historically, we have expanded from individual to department to multi-department to enterprise-wide sales as our value is proven. Building upon this success, we believe a significant opportunity exists for us to acquire new UB customers and expand our existing UB customers use of our platform by identifying new use cases and increasing the size of existing deployments. In particular, we believe that our UB Large Customers, which we define as companies with at least 1,000 employees, present the most significant opportunities for us to retain and grow revenue over time, given the wider range of potential use cases and land-and-expand opportunities. 
 We often enter into customized contractual arrangements with our UB customers in which we offer more favorable pricing terms in exchange for larger total contract values that accompany larger deployments and longer terms. As we drive a greater portion of our revenue through our deployments with UB customers, we expect that our revenue will continue to grow significantly, but the price we charge UB customers per seat may decline, which could reduce margins in the future. 
 Ability to source in-demand content from our instructors 
 We believe that learners and UB customers are attracted to Udemy largely because of the high quality and wide selection of content our instructors offer. Continuing to source in-demand content and credentials from our instructors will be an important factor in attracting learners and UB customers and growing our revenue over time. When we offer content as part of the UB and consumer subscription offerings, our instructors agree to distribute such content exclusively through our platform, which we believe demonstrates our ability to increase the value of our platform through unique content. 
 We view the breadth and diverse expertise of our instructor base and the content they create as one of our competitive advantages. Our ability to expand the instructor payment pool over time while optimizing the revenue share structure is a key element of supporting the long-term growth of our business. Furthermore, a significant portion of the most popular content on our platform, and as a result a significant portion of our revenue, is attributable to a limited number of our instructors. We experienced minimal turnover among top instructors during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Impact of mix of Enterprise and Consumer segments 
 Our mix of revenue continues to shift toward our higher-margin Enterprise segment from our Consumer segment. Our Enterprise segment s higher gross margins are primarily driven by comparably lower content costs, though partially offset by higher customer support costs. The mix of customer acquisition methods in our Consumer segment will substantially impact our financial performance. We presently expect that revenue from our Enterprise segment will continue to grow faster than our Consumer segment, which will be beneficial to our overall margins. 
 27 

Table of Content s 

 Ability to expand our international footprint 
 We currently generate a majority of our revenue outside North America. We see a significant opportunity to expand our offerings into regions with large underserved adult and corporate learning populations. We have invested, and plan to continue to invest, in personnel and marketing efforts to support our international growth and expand our international operations as part of our strategy to grow our customer and learner base, particularly among our UB customers. We also plan to continue investing in strategic partnerships that either extend our marketing reach or the capabilities and reach of our global go-to-market sales team. Our success in certain markets, such as Japan, depends on strategic partnerships with key resellers. 
 Our investment in growth 
 We are actively investing in our business as we believe that we are only just beginning to penetrate our market opportunity. We are prioritizing resources for high-growth opportunities through expanding and deepening our opportunities with larger enterprise customers, further penetrating our existing customer base, and pursuing strategic partnerships. As we continue to build our sales and marketing efforts, expand our course catalog, develop our immersive learning capabilities, execute on our operational efficiency initiatives, and invest in our technology development, including investments in generative artificial intelligence, we anticipate our operating expenses will generally decrease as a percentage of revenue over time. Any investments we make to facilitate our future growth, whether organically or through acquisitions or strategic partnerships, will occur in advance of the benefits from such investments. 
 Pace of adoption of cloud-based skill development solutions 
 Our ability to grow our learner base and drive market adoption of our platform is affected by the overall demand for cloud-based skill development solutions. The market for cloud-based skill development is less mature than the market for in-person, instructor-led-training, and potential customers may be slow or unwilling to migrate from these legacy approaches. We believe that as technology becomes increasingly critical to business operations, the need for cloud-based skill development solutions, particularly an integrated enterprise-grade platform such as ours, will increase, and our customer base and the breadth and deployment of usage in our customer base will also increase. However, it is difficult to predict customer adoption rates and demand, the future growth rate and size of the market for cloud-based skill development solutions, or the entry of competitive solutions. 
 
 Components of results of operations 
 Revenue 
 We recognize revenue from contracts with UB customers and paid consumer learners by delivering access to our online learning platform. 
 Enterprise revenue primarily relates to enterprise license subscription contracts with annual or multi-year subscription terms. Enterprise license subscriptions include Team Plan, Enterprise Plan, Udemy Business Pro, and Leadership Academy. Enterprise subscriptions are typically billed in advance on a quarterly or annual basis. Subscription revenue excludes any taxes to be remitted to governmental authorities. Access to the Udemy platform represents a series of distinct services as we continually provide access to course content and fulfill our obligation to the UB customer over the subscription term. Because the series of distinct services represents a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time, we recognize revenue ratably over the contractual subscription term. Enterprise revenue recognized from professional services, in which Udemy provides customers with effective support and strategic guidance to enable learners and align with business goals, was immaterial for the periods presented. 
 28 

Table of Content s 

 Consumer revenue consists of individual course content purchases made by individual learners, as well as our consumer subscription offerings. Consumer revenue includes the gross transaction value paid by the learner at checkout, net of (a) actual and estimated refunds and (b) passthrough taxes collected from learners and remitted to governmental authorities. After a successful checkout, consumer learners receive a non-exclusive license to the digital course content in addition to stand-ready access to the Udemy platform hosting services needed to access the content. Access to the online content on the Udemy platform represents a series of distinct services as we continually provide access to and fulfill our hosting obligation to the learner. This series of distinct services represents a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time. Revenue from single course purchases is recognized ratably over the estimated service period, which is four months from the date of enrollment, while revenue from consumer subscriptions is recognized ratably over the contractual subscription term. 
 We are the principal with respect to revenue generated from sales to UB and consumer customers as we control the performance obligation and are the primary obligor with respect to delivering our customers access to the course content. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of content costs, which are the payments to our instructors. Content costs are driven by the means by which we acquired the learner consuming the content. For courses offered on Udemy s consumer marketplace, instructors earn a specific percentage of the net sale amount when a learner purchases the instructor s course. For courses offered through Udemy Business or a consumer subscription offering, instructors earn a pro-rata share of a monthly instructor payments pool for that subscription offering. Each month, Udemy calculates the revenue for each subscription offering, with a fixed percentage allocated as an instructor payments pool. Instructors whose content is included in the collection earn a prorated portion of this pool based on the number of minutes of consumption their courses achieved that month. 
 Content costs are recorded as cost of revenue in the period earned by our instructors. Content costs as a percentage of revenue for our UB and consumer subscription offerings are lower relative to individual course content purchases in our consumer offering. As a result, shifts in the mix between offerings and changes to the revenue share structure for UB and consumer subscriptions are expected to be a significant driver of future changes in gross margin. We are reducing the instructor revenue share for our subscription offerings, which are derived as a percentage of total UB and consumer subscription revenues, from a historical rate of 25 to 15 by 2026. The first rate adjustment to 20 was effective on January 1, 2024. 
 For consumer single course purchases, content costs are incurred at the time of purchase. As consumer course content revenue is recognized ratably over an estimated service period of four months, consumer gross margins are lower in the period of purchase, and higher in the remaining periods of the estimated service period over which revenue is recognized. For our UB and consumer subscription offerings, content costs are incurred based on monthly subscription fees, and margins are more stable from period to period. 
 Cost of revenue also includes payment and mobile processing fees, costs associated with hosting digital content, employee related expenses for our customer support organization, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation, facilities and other expenses, depreciation of network equipment, amortization of capitalized software, amortization of vendor relationship and developed technology intangible assets acquired through business combinations, and the portion of fees paid to certain reseller partners attributable to their providing customer support services to UB customers. We expect cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue to generally decrease, as we increase the percentage of revenue derived from our UB offering and decrease the instructor revenue share percentage. 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses consist of sales and marketing, research and development, general and administrative expenses, and restructuring charges. Personnel costs are the most significant component of our operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and commissions. Our operating expenses also include allocated costs of facilities, information technology, depreciation, and amortization. We are focused on investing in initiatives which will drive operational efficiency while focusing resources on high-growth opportunities, and as a result we anticipate our operating expenses will generally decrease as a percentage of revenue over time. 
 29 

Table of Content s 

 Sales and marketing 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, marketing costs, sponsorship and brand costs, costs related to customer and instructor acquisition, amortization of deferred contract costs, and amortization of trade name and customer relationship intangible assets acquired through business combinations. Sales and marketing expenses also consist of costs incurred for hosting and customer support services related to providing our platform to free learners. While sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue may vary from period to period, in part due to the extent and timing of sales and marketing initiatives, we generally expect this percentage to decrease over the long term given our focus on sales efficiency and our land-and-expand strategy. 
 Research and development 
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, and costs related to the ongoing management, maintenance, and expansion of features and services offered on our platform. Research and development costs also include contracted services, supplies, and other miscellaneous expenses. We believe that continued investment in our platform is important to our future growth and to maintain and attract learners and UB customers to our platform. While research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue may vary from period to period, in part due to the timing of investments in our platform, we generally expect this percentage to decrease over the long term given our focus on operational efficiency and high-growth opportunities. 
 General and administrative 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, costs related to our executive, legal, finance, and human resources departments, as well as charges for indirect tax reserves, allowance for credit losses, professional fees, and other corporate expenses. We expect general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue to vary from period to period but generally decrease over the long term as we benefit from greater operational scale and efficiency. 
 Restructuring charges 
 Our restructuring charges consist primarily of personnel expenses, such as employee severance, benefits costs, and stock-based compensation, as well as other direct and incremental costs incurred as a result of non-recurring restructuring activities that we committed to during the third quarter of 2024 and the first quarter of 2023. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash equivalents and short-term investments, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts related to our available-for-sale marketable securities, net of associated fees. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense related to certain indirect tax reserves. 
 Other expense, net 
 Other expense, net consists of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, as well as changes in the valuation of strategic investments, if any. 
 Income tax provision 
 Our income tax provision consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We have a full valuation allowance against our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets as the realization of the full amount of these deferred tax assets is uncertain, including net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits related primarily to research and development. The valuation allowance is driven by our overall loss position, and we will not be able to utilize any of these favorable tax attributes until we are in a taxable income position. When we begin to consistently operate in a taxable income position, we may release portions of the valuation allowance to recognize and use those tax attributes. Until then, we expect to maintain this full valuation allowance until it becomes more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 30 

Table of Content s 

 Results of operations 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented. The results below are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for future periods. Results are as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 195,417 184,722 586,623 539,392 Cost of revenue (1)(2) 72,362 77,264 221,888 229,903 Gross profit 123,055 107,458 364,735 309,489 Operating expenses (1)(2) Sales and marketing 85,997 76,492 260,288 233,520 Research and development 32,976 30,307 96,607 90,829 General and administrative 22,266 22,155 74,299 71,112 Restructuring charges 11,275 11,275 10,263 Total operating expenses 152,514 128,954 442,469 405,724 Loss from operations (29,459) (21,496) (77,734) (96,235) Other income (expense), net Interest income 4,732 5,542 15,655 14,758 Interest expense 504 (124) 424 (464) Other income (expense), net (185) 122 (11,077) (2,181) Total other income, net 5,051 5,540 5,002 12,113 Net loss before taxes (24,408) (15,956) (72,732) (84,122) Income tax provision (863) (811) (2,692) (2,924) Net loss 
 (25,271) (16,767) (75,424) (87,046) Net loss per share 
 Basic and diluted (0.17) (0.11) (0.49) (0.59) Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share 
 Basic and diluted 149,179,826 151,307,963 152,867,160 148,392,636 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 1,807 1,788 5,277 5,130 Sales and marketing 7,573 7,646 22,578 23,022 Research and development 7,183 7,045 21,187 19,762 General and administrative 6,839 7,005 21,382 23,806 Restructuring charges (160) (160) 1,208 Total stock-based compensation expense 23,242 23,484 70,264 72,928 
 (2) Includes amortization of intangible assets as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 430 725 1,880 2,175 Sales and marketing 228 296 688 979 Total amortization of intangible assets 658 1,021 2,568 3,154 
 
 31 

Table of Content s 

 The following table summarizes our results of operations as a percentage of revenue for each of the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 100 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 37 42 38 43 Gross profit 63 58 62 57 Operating expenses Sales and marketing 44 41 44 43 Research and development 17 16 16 17 General and administrative 11 13 13 13 Restructuring charges 6 2 2 Total operating expenses 78 70 75 75 Loss from operations (15) (12) (13) (18) Other income (expense), net Interest income 2 3 3 3 Interest expense Other income (expense), net (2) Total other income, net 2 3 1 3 Net loss before taxes (13) (9) (12) (15) Income tax provision (1) (1) Net loss 
 (13) (9) (13) (16) 
 Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Enterprise 126,123 109,101 17,022 16 364,319 305,962 58,357 19 Consumer 69,294 75,621 (6,327) (8) 222,304 233,430 (11,126) (5) Total revenue 195,417 184,722 10,695 6 586,623 539,392 47,231 9 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 195.4 million, compared to 184.7 million for the same period in the prior year, which represents an increase of 10.7 million, or 6 . The increase in total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily driven by an increase in revenue from our Enterprise segment while being partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our Consumer segment. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Enterprise revenue was 126.1 million, or 65 of total revenue, compared to 109.1 million, or 59 of total revenue, for the same period in the prior year. The 17.0 million, or 16 , increase in Enterprise revenue was primarily driven by an increase in the number of UB customers. These changes were partially offset by a negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Consumer revenue was 69.3 million, or 35 of total revenue, compared to 75.6 million, or 41 of total revenue, for the same period in the prior year. The 6.3 million, or 8 , decrease in Consumer revenue was primarily due to a decrease in revenue recognized from single course purchases. Monthly average buyers purchasing single courses decreased across the comparative periods, and the amount of revenue recognized in the current period that was deferred from course purchases in the prior fiscal quarter decreased in the current period. Foreign currency exchange rates also contributed to the decrease across the comparative periods. These factors were partially offset by an increase in revenue recognized from consumer subscriptions as we continued to expand the offering into new markets. 
 32 

Table of Content s 

 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 586.6 million, compared to 539.4 million for the same period in the prior year, which represents an increase of 47.2 million, or 9 . The increase in revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily driven by an increase in revenue from our Enterprise segment while being partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our Consumer segment. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Enterprise revenue was 364.3 million, or 62 of total revenue, compared to 306.0 million, or 57 of total revenue, for the same period in the prior year. The 58.4 million, or 19 , increase in Enterprise revenue was primarily driven by an increase in the number of UB customers, as well as net expansions in our existing UB customer base. These changes were partially offset by a negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Consumer revenue was 222.3 million, or 38 of total revenue, compared to 233.4 million, or 43 of total revenue, for the same period in the prior year. The 11.1 million, or 5 , decrease in Consumer revenue was primarily due to a decrease in revenue recognized from single course purchases, as monthly average buyers purchasing single courses decreased across the comparative periods. Foreign currency exchange rates also contributed to the decrease across the comparative periods. These factors were partially offset by an increase in revenue recognized from consumer subscriptions as we continued to expand the offering into new markets. 
 Cost of revenue, gross profit and gross margin 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue 72,362 77,264 (4,902) (6) 221,888 229,903 (8,015) (3) Gross profit 123,055 107,458 15,597 15 364,735 309,489 55,246 18 Gross margin 63 58 62 57 
 Cost of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 72.4 million, compared to 77.3 million for the same period in the prior year, which represents a decrease of 4.9 million, or 6 . Content costs for the Enterprise and Consumer segments were 23.0 million and 24.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 24.7 million and 27.5 million for the same period in the prior year, respectively. Segment content costs as a percentage of segment revenue for the Enterprise and Consumer segments were 18 and 35 , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 23 and 36 , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The reduction in content costs as a percentage of revenue was primarily driven by the reduction in instructor revenue share from 25 to 20 for all subscription offerings, which became effective on January 1, 2024. 
 In each of our Enterprise and Consumer segments, customer support costs, hosting and platform fees, and payment processing fees were generally consistent with the costs incurred in the same period in the prior year. On a consolidated basis, there was an increase of 0.5 million in amortization of capitalized software for the three months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Gross margin was 63 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 58 for the same period in the prior year. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to the reduction in instructor revenue share for all subscription offerings and the continued shift in mix of revenue toward our Enterprise segment. 
 Cost of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 221.9 million, compared to 229.9 million for the same period in the prior year, which represents a decrease of 8.0 million, or 3 . Content costs for the Enterprise and Consumer segments were 66.2 million and 77.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 70.0 million and 85.1 million for the same period in the prior year, respectively. Segment content costs as a percentage of segment revenue for the Enterprise and Consumer segments were 18 and 35 , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 23 and 36 , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The reduction in content costs as a percentage of revenue was primarily driven by the reduction in instructor revenue share from 25 to 20 for all subscription offerings, which became effective on January 1, 2024. 
 In our Enterprise segment, customer support costs increased by 0.9 million and hosting costs increased by 0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Otherwise, segment cost of revenue for both 
 33 

Table of Content s 

 segments were generally consistent with the costs incurred the same period in the prior year. On a consolidated basis, there was an increase of 2.1 million in amortization of capitalized software for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Gross margin was 62 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 57 for the same period in the prior year. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to the reduction in instructor revenue share for all subscription offerings and the continued shift in mix of revenue toward our Enterprise segment. 
 Operating expenses Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating expenses (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing 85,997 76,492 9,505 12 260,288 233,520 26,768 11 Research and development 32,976 30,307 2,669 9 96,607 90,829 5,778 6 General and administrative 22,266 22,155 111 1 74,299 71,112 3,187 4 Restructuring charges 11,275 11,275 100 11,275 10,263 1,012 10 Total operating expenses 152,514 128,954 23,560 18 442,469 405,724 36,745 9 
 Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 86.0 million, compared to 76.5 million for the same period in the prior year. The 9.5 million increase in sales and marketing expense was primarily due to a 2.6 million increase in amortization of deferred contract costs, a 2.6 million increase in personnel-related expenses, a 1.7 million increase in direct sales and marketing costs, and a 1.5 million increase in sponsorship costs. 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 260.3 million, compared to 233.5 million for the same period in the prior year. The 26.8 million increase in sales and marketing expense was primarily due to a 9.4 million increase in amortization of deferred contract costs, a 7.5 million increase in direct marketing costs, a 4.4 million increase in sponsorship costs, a 2.8 million increase in personnel-related expenses, a 1.2 million increase in professional services, and a 1.0 million increase in travel and employee activities. 
 Research and development. Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 33.0 million, compared to 30.3 million for the same period in the prior year. The 2.7 million increase in research and development expense was primarily due to a 2.1 million increase in personnel costs. 
 Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 96.6 million, compared to 90.8 million for the same period in the prior year. The 5.8 million increase in research and development expense was primarily due to a 3.0 million increase in personnel costs, a 1.4 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, and a 1.2 million increase in software subscriptions and allocated costs. 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 22.3 million, compared to 22.2 million for the same period in the prior year. General and administrative expenses were generally flat across the comparative periods. 
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 74.3 million, compared to 71.1 million for the same period in the prior year. The 3.2 million increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to a 4.5 million increase in professional services that are not part of our ongoing operations. This was offset by a 2.4 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, primarily driven by the accelerated expense incurred during the three months ended March 31, 2023, as a result of the retirement of our former CEO. 
 Restructuring charges. As a result of the strategic restructuring activities announced in September 2024, we recognized 11.3 million in restructuring charges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The restructuring charges primarily consisted of one-time severance payments, salary and wages earned over legally required retention periods, and other benefits. 
 In comparison, as a result of the restructuring activities announced in February 2023, we recognized restructuring charges of zero and 10.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The restructuring charges during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, consisted of 8.9 
 34 

Table of Content s 

 million of personnel and other expenses, such as employee severance and benefits costs, as well as 1.2 million of stock-based compensation expense. 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Other income (expense), net (in thousands, except percentages) Interest income 4,732 5,542 (810) (15) 15,655 14,758 897 6 Interest expense 504 (124) 628 n/m 424 (464) 888 n/m Other income (expense), net 
 (185) 122 (307) n/m (11,077) (2,181) (8,896) n/m Total other income, net 5,051 5,540 (489) (9) 5,002 12,113 (7,111) (59) n/m - not meaningful 
 
 We recorded total other income, net of 5.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.5 million for the same period in the prior year. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 4.7 million in interest and accretion income on our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities portfolio, compared to 5.5 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 We recorded total other income, net of 5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.1 million for the same period in the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 15.7 million in interest and accretion income on our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities portfolio, compared to 14.8 million for the same period in the prior year. Also during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an impairment charge of 10.3 million on our strategic investments, reducing the carrying value of our holdings to zero. In comparison, we recognized an impairment charge of 1.8 million on our strategic investments during the same period in the prior year. 
 Income tax provision Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Income tax provision (863) (811) (52) 6 (2,692) (2,924) 232 (8) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income tax expense of 0.9 million, compared to 0.8 million for the same period in the prior year. Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was primarily comprised of foreign and state taxes. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income tax expense of 2.7 million, compared to 2.9 million for the same period in the prior year. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was primarily comprised of foreign and state taxes. 
 
 Certain key business metrics and non-GAAP financial metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the key business metrics and non-GAAP financial metrics identified below to help us assess the health of our community, evaluate our business, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. 
 Udemy Business customers 
 We count the total number of UB customers at the end of each period. To do so, we generally count unique customers using the concept of a domestic ultimate parent, defined as the highest business in the family tree that is in the same country as the contracted entity. In some cases, we deviate from this methodology, defining the contracted entity as a unique customer despite the existence of a domestic ultimate parent. This often 
 35 

Table of Content s 

 occurs where the domestic ultimate parent is a financial owner, government entity, conglomerate, or acquisition target where we have contracted directly with the subsidiary. We define a UB customer as a customer who purchases Udemy via our direct sales force, reseller partnerships or through our self-service platform. We believe that the number of UB customers and our ability to increase this number is an important indicator of the growth of our UB and future revenue trends. The increase in UB customers is primarily attributable to the continued pursuit of our global land and expand strategy. 
 
 September 30, 2024 2023 
 Udemy Business customers 16,848 15,378 10 
 Udemy Business Annual Recurring Revenue 
 We disclose our UB Annual Recurring Revenue ARR as a measure of our Enterprise revenue growth. ARR represents the annualized value of our UB customer contracts on the last day of a given period. Only revenue from closed UB contracts with active seats as of the last day of the period are included. The increase in UB ARR was primarily driven by an increase in the number of UB customers. 
 
 September 30, 2024 2023 
 (in thousands) Udemy Business annual recurring revenue 504,625 443,145 14 
 Udemy Business Net Dollar Retention Rate and Udemy Business Large Customer Net Dollar Retention Rate 
 We disclose UB Net Dollar Retention Rate, or UB NDRR, as a measure of revenue growth for all UB customers within our Enterprise segment, including UB Large Customers, which we define as companies with at least 1,000 employees. We believe UB NDRR is an important metric that provides insight into the long-term value of our UB subscription agreements and our ability to retain and grow revenue from our UB customers. We believe UB Large Customer NDRR reflects our ability to retain and expand our footprint with larger organizations, who present greater opportunities for us to retain and grow revenue given the wider range of potential use cases and land-and-expand opportunities. 
 We calculate UB NDRR as the total ARR at the end of a trailing twelve-month period divided by the total ARR at the beginning of a trailing twelve-month period for the cohort of all UB customers active at the beginning of the trailing twelve-month period. We calculate UB Large Customer NDRR as the total UB Large Customer ARR at the end of a trailing twelve-month period divided by the total Large Customer ARR at the beginning of a trailing twelve-month period for the cohort of UB customers with at least 1,000 employees active at the beginning of the trailing twelve-month period. Total ARR and Large Customer ARR at the end of a trailing twelve-month period are calculated as ARR and Large Customer ARR, respectively, at the beginning of a trailing twelve-month period that are then adjusted for upsells, downsells, and churns for the same cohort of customers during that period. Large Customer ARR represents the annualized value of contracts for UB customers with active seats and having at least 1,000 employees on the last day of a given period. 
 Our UB NDRR and UB Large Customer NDRR are expected to fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including the growth of our revenue base, the penetration within our learner base, expansion of products and features, and our ability to retain our UB customers. The decreases in our NDRR metrics were driven by lower rates of upsells and expansion, which were negatively impacted by longer sales cycles in light of overall economic factors. 
 36 

Table of Content s 

September 30, 2024 2023 
 Udemy Business net dollar retention rate 99 106 (7) Udemy Business Large Customer net dollar retention rate 104 114 (9) 
 Monthly average buyers 
 A buyer is a consumer who purchases a course or subscription through our direct-to-consumer offering. We first determine the number of monthly buyers by taking the total buyers of single courses during a given month plus the total active, paid consumer subscribers at any point in that month, adjusting for duplicate buyers that may be present in both totals. We then calculate monthly average buyers by taking an average of the monthly buyer totals over a particular period, such as a fiscal year. Our monthly average buyer count is not intended as a measure of active engagement, as not all buyers are active at any given time or over any given period. We believe that the number of monthly average buyers in a given period is an important indicator of the growth of our business and potential future revenue trends. Our monthly average buyers count is expected to fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including the growth of our customer base, expansion of products and features, and our ability to retain our Consumer customers. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 
 2024 2023 
 (in thousands) 
 Monthly average buyers 1,312 1,414 (7) 1,346 1,382 (3) 
 Segment revenue and segment gross profit 
 Our revenue is generated from our UB and Consumer offerings, each of which is an individual segment of our business. Segment revenue represents the revenue recognized from each of these offerings and is a key measure of the performance of our platform, and in turn drives our financial performance. We also monitor segment gross profit as a key metric to help evaluate the financial performance of our individual segments and our business as a whole. Segment gross profit is defined as segment revenue less segment cost of revenue, which include content costs, hosting and platform costs, customer support services, and payment processing fees that are allocable to each segment. Segment gross profit excludes amortization of capitalized software, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation, and stock-based compensation allocated to cost of revenue as our chief operating decision maker does not include the information in his measurement of the performance of the operating segments. Content costs, which are payments made to our instructors, are the largest individual component of segment cost of revenue. We expect to increase the percentage of our revenue derived from our Enterprise segment over time, which we expect will improve our gross margins. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Enterprise segment revenue 126,123 109,101 364,319 305,962 Enterprise segment gross profit 
 92,793 74,317 264,675 204,359 Enterprise segment gross margin 74 68 73 67 Consumer segment revenue 69,294 75,621 222,304 233,430 Consumer segment gross profit 
 37,610 40,250 122,323 125,431 Consumer segment gross margin 
 54 53 55 54 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the improvement in Enterprise segment gross margin was primarily due to the reduction in instructor revenue share from 25 to 20 for all subscription offerings, which was effective on January 1, 2024. Other than content costs, the mix of Enterprise segment 
 37 

Table of Content s 

 costs were generally a consistent percentage of Enterprise revenue when compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 Consumer segment gross margin slightly increased in comparison to the same period in the prior year, due to the timing of revenue recognition relative to content costs, the relative increase in consumer subscriptions as a percentage of total Consumer revenue, and the lower instructor revenue share incurred on subscription transactions in comparison to single course purchases. 

Non-GAAP financial metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the following non-GAAP financial metrics identified below to help us evaluate our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. 

Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin 
 As adjusted EBITDA facilitates internal comparisons of our historical operating performance on a more consistent basis, we use this measure for business planning purposes. Accordingly, we believe that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management team and board of directors. In addition, it provides a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business, as it removes the effect of certain non-cash expenses and certain variable charges. 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net loss, adjusted to exclude: 
 interest income; 
 interest expense; 
 provision for income taxes; 
 depreciation and amortization; 
 stock-based compensation expense; 
 other expense, net; and 
 restructuring charges. 
 We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue for the same period. 
 38 

Table of Content s 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss 
 (25,271) (16,767) (75,424) (87,046) Adjusted to exclude the following: Interest income (4,732) (5,542) (15,655) (14,758) Interest expense 
 (504) 124 (424) 464 Income tax provision 863 811 2,692 2,924 Depreciation and amortization 6,340 6,183 19,515 18,069 Stock-based compensation expense 23,402 23,484 70,424 71,720 Other income (expense), net 185 (122) 11,077 2,181 Restructuring charges 11,275 11,275 10,263 Adjusted EBITDA 11,558 8,171 23,480 3,817 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss margin, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to adjusted EBITDA margin (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 195,417 184,722 586,623 539,392 Net loss 
 (25,271) (16,767) (75,424) (87,046) Net loss margin (13) (9) (13) (16) Revenue 195,417 184,722 586,623 539,392 Adjusted EBITDA 11,558 8,171 23,480 3,817 Adjusted EBITDA margin 6 4 4 1 
 Net loss increased by 8.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. The change in net loss in the current period was primarily driven by charges incurred as a result of our strategic restructuring activities announced in September 2024 as well as increased sales and marketing costs. These costs were partially offset by the reduction in the instructor revenue share that went into effect on January 1, 2024. Adjusted EBITDA improved by 3.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. The improvement in adjusted EBITDA was largely driven by the reduction in the instructor revenue share. 
 Net loss decreased by 11.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. The improvement in net loss was primarily driven by the reduction in the instructor revenue share. Adjusted EBITDA improved by 19.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year. The improvement in adjusted EBITDA was largely driven by the reduction in the instructor revenue share. 
 
 39 

Table of Content s 

 Liquidity and capital resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 205.8 million and marketable securities of 152.5 million. Cash and cash equivalents includes money market funds, certain U.S. government securities purchased with original maturities of less than 90 days, time and on demand deposits, and amounts in transit from certain payment processors for credit and debit card transactions. Restricted cash totaled 1.2 million and consists of cash deposited with financial institutions held as collateral for our obligations under various facility leases. Marketable securities are comprised of investments in U.S. government securities with an original maturity greater than 90 days at the date of purchase. Our non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents have been earmarked for indefinite investment in our operations outside the U.S., and consequently no U.S. current or deferred taxes have been accrued on such amounts. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and our expected cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next 12 months. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to our commitments and contractual obligations, in comparison to those set forth in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on February 26, 2024 (our Annual Report ), that occurred outside the ordinary course of business. Refer to Note 6 Leases and Note 7 Commitments and contingencies in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q, for our outstanding commitments and contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024. 
 As discussed above, we committed to a restructuring plan in September 2024. As a result, we have incurred cash-based restructuring charges, primarily consisting of one-time severance payments, salary and wages earned over legally required retention periods, and other benefits. We expect to complete the restructuring by March 31, 2025. We expect to incur restructuring charges until the plan has been completed, and we expect to make cash payments related to the plan through the second quarter of 2025. These charges may impact our operating cash flows until then. We plan to pay these amounts using our existing cash and cash equivalents. 
 Over the long term, we plan to continue investing in the growth and development of our platform. If our available funds are insufficient to fund these future activities or execute on our business strategies, we may raise additional capital through equity, equity-linked or debt financing, to the extent such funding sources are available. Alternatively, we may be required to reduce expenses to manage liquidity; however, any such reductions could adversely impact our business and competitive position. 
 Sources of funds 
 We have historically financed our operations primarily through revenue, as well as proceeds from issuances of our capital stock. From time to time, we may explore additional financing sources, which could include equity, equity-linked or debt financing. In addition, in connection with any future acquisitions or strategic investments, we may pursue additional funding, which could include debt, equity or equity-linked financings, or a combination of these methods. We can provide no assurance that any additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. 
 40 

Table of Content s 

 Use of funds 
 Our principal uses of cash are funding our operations, capital expenditures and working capital requirements. We have generated significant net losses from our operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit of 795.1 million as of September 30, 2024. We have historically incurred operating losses and generated negative cash flows from operations as we have invested in growing our business. Our operating cash requirements may increase in the future as we continue to invest in the development of our platform and the growth of our business. We cannot be certain our revenue will grow sufficiently to offset our operating expense increases. As a result, we may need to raise additional funds to support our operations, and such funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 43,461 5,263 Investing activities 14,204 (3,992) Financing activities (161,500) 13,034 Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash flows 61 (116) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (103,774) 14,189 
 Operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities mainly consists of our net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, and amortization of deferred sales commissions, as well as the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities during each period. 
 Our main source of operating cash is payments received from our customers. Our primary use of cash from operating activities are for personnel-related expenses, instructor payments, advertising expenses, indirect taxes, and third-party cloud infrastructure expenses. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by operating activities was 43.5 million, primarily consisting of our net loss of 75.4 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 143.3 million and net cash outflows of 24.4 million from changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The main drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities were a 19.9 million increase in deferred revenue, a 6.0 million increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and a 10.4 million decrease in accounts receivable, as cash collections from customers outpaced new billings. These changes were offset by a 46.6 million increase in deferred contract costs, due to continued expansion in our Enterprise business, a 5.5 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, a 4.0 million decrease in content costs payable, and 4.5 million in outflows due to changes in our operating lease liabilities. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 5.3 million, primarily consisting of our net loss of 87.0 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 128.7 million and net cash outflows of 36.3 million provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The main drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities were a 20.4 million decrease in accounts receivable, as cash collections from customers outpaced new billings, and a 3.9 million increase in deferred revenue, resulting primarily from our Enterprise business growth. These changes were offset by a 45.2 million increase in deferred contract costs and a 7.1 million decrease in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 38.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower net loss after adjusting for non-cash charges, continued growth in deferred revenue associated with our Enterprise segment, and the timing of certain accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities activities, including restructuring costs accrued in the current period and payments made on certain tax and other reserves in the prior period. 
 41 

Table of Content s 

 Investing activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by investing activities was 14.2 million, primarily as a result of 265.4 million of proceeds received from the maturity of marketable securities, which was partially offset by 239.8 million in purchases of marketable securities and 10.2 million related to capitalized internal-use software costs. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 4.0 million, primarily as a result of 231.3 million of proceeds received from the maturity of marketable securities. This was partially offset by 225.5 million in purchases of marketable securities and 9.3 million related to capitalized internal-use software costs. 
 Financing activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 161.5 million, driven by repurchases of common stock of 141.6 million and 25.4 million in taxes paid related to net share settlement of employee equity awards. This was partially offset by 4.5 million in proceeds from issuances of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 13.0 million, driven by proceeds from issuance of common stock via stock option exercises of 8.3 million and issuances of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan of 4.8 million. 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 During the periods presented, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected. 
 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to those described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report. 
 
 Recent accounting pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 42 

Table of Content s 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest rate sensitivity 
 As of September 30, 2024 we had 204.6 million of cash and cash equivalents, which includes money market funds, certain U.S. government securities purchased with original maturities of less than 90 days, time and on demand deposits, and amounts in transit from certain payment processors for credit and debit card transactions. We also held 152.5 million of marketable securities, consisting of investments in various U.S. government securities. In addition, we had 1.2 million of restricted cash, which primarily consists of cash deposited with financial institutions held as collateral for our obligations under various facility leases. We did not hold any long-term debt during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents are held for working capital purposes. Given the above facts and circumstances, hypothetical changes in interest rates of 100 basis points would not result in a material increase or decrease of either the market value of our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities as of September 30, 2024, or interest income earned from our portfolio during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Foreign currency risk 
 The Company s reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. We determine the functional currency for each of our foreign subsidiaries by reviewing their operations and currencies used in their primary economic environments. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our condensed consolidated statement of operations, or translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders equity. Our marketable securities portfolio is also held in U.S. dollar investments, and to date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk or other derivative financial instruments, although we may choose to do so in the future. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in current exchange rates would not have had a material impact on income or expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent limitations on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. However, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 43 

Table of Content s 

 PART II. 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although the results of legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe we are not currently party to any legal proceedings which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 Video Privacy Protection Act class action complaint and threatened arbitration demands 
 On December 12, 2022, a putative class action complaint captioned Mohamed Saleh v. Udemy, Inc., was filed against us, alleging violations of the Video Privacy Protection Act (the VPPA and claiming that Udemy violated the VPPA by knowingly sharing personally identifiable information about the viewing history of Udemy courses with an advertiser. The complaint is currently pending in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, Case No. 2:23-cv-02207. 
 The complaint seeks declaratory relief, injunctive relief, statutory, liquidated, and punitive damages, as well as reasonable attorney fees and costs. On August 30, 2023, we filed a motion to compel arbitration and on March 21, 2024, the motion was granted and the matter stayed pending individual arbitration. 
 In addition, several law firms have threatened to file individual arbitration demands against us on behalf of approximately 20,000 purported Udemy learners, and one law firm has initiated a total of 4 individual arbitrations. The firms threaten claims similar to those in the class action complaint described above arising under the VPPA and/or California state privacy laws. Udemy has resolved the claims of approximately 6,000 of these purported learners for an immaterial amount. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves in these matters. 
 Other legal proceedings 
 We are subject to other legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business from time to time, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims against us in the form of letters and other communications. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and our business partners and to determine the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 44 

Table of Content s 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with all of the other information contained in this Form 10-Q, including the sections titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Any of the following risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. Our risk factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. 
 Risks related to our business and operations 
 We have a history of losses, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We incurred net losses of 75.4 million, and 87.0 million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and, as of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 795.1 million. We expect our losses to continue as we make significant investments towards growing our business and operating as a public company. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, substantial financial and other resources in developing our platform, including expanding our platform offerings, developing or acquiring new platform features and services, expanding into new markets and geographies, and increasing our sales and marketing efforts. These expenditures will make achieving and maintaining profitability more difficult, and these efforts may also be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. 
 We have undertaken, and are continuing to undertake, measures to accelerate our operational efficiency. However, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be successful. We may experience delays or unanticipated costs in implementing these measures, which could prevent the timely or full realization of the anticipated benefits. Even if we successfully execute on our operational efficiency measures, these measures may not be sufficient to ensure our investments and other expenses keep pace with our revenue. 
 As a result, we can provide no assurance as to whether or when we will achieve profitability. If we are not able to achieve and maintain profitability, the value of our company and our common stock could decline significantly, and you could lose some or all of your investment. 
 We operate in an emerging and dynamic market, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future results of operations. 
 The market for online learning solutions is relatively new and continues to evolve rapidly. These factors may make it difficult to accurately assess our future prospects and the risks, challenges, and uncertainties that we may encounter. These uncertainties include: 
 maintaining and increasing a base of learners, instructors, and UB customers using our platform; 
 successfully competing with existing and future participants in the market for online learning solutions; 
 successfully expanding our business in existing markets and entering new markets and geographies; 
 anticipating and responding to market and broader economic conditions; 
 avoiding interruptions or disruptions in the service of our platform; 
 accurately forecasting our revenue and operating expenses on a quarterly and annual basis; 
 maintaining and enhancing the value of our reputation and brand; 
 attracting, hiring, and retaining qualified personnel to manage our operations and further develop our platform; 
 effectively managing growth in our operations, including personnel; and 
 successfully implementing and executing our business strategies. 
 45 

Table of Content s 

 Additionally, because we operate in a rapidly evolving market, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we operated in a more established and predictable market. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks, challenges, and uncertainties frequently experienced by companies operating in emerging markets. If our assumptions regarding any of these risks, challenges, or uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address them successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly from period to period due to a wide range of factors, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our results of operations have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that our results of operations will continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results include, but are not limited to: 
 our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, and enterprises that use our platform in a cost-effective manner; 
 our ability to accurately forecast revenue and operating expenses; 
 the effects of increased competition on our business; 
 the impact of worldwide economic conditions, including the resulting effect on consumer and business spending on online learning solutions; 
 our ability to successfully expand in existing markets and successfully enter new markets and manage the risks associated with doing so; 
 our ability to successfully leverage our resellers and other strategic relationships to market and sell our products; 
 changes in learner or customer behavior with respect to online learning solutions; 
 increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and acquire new learners, instructors, and customers; 
 the revenue mix between our consumer and UB offerings; 
 our ability to maintain an adequate rate of growth and effectively manage that growth; 
 the effects of changes in search engine placement and prominence; 
 our ability to keep pace with technology changes in our industry; 
 the success of our sales and marketing efforts; 
 our ability to protect, maintain, and enforce our intellectual property rights; 
 costs associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims, and related judgments or settlements; 
 changes in governmental or other regulations affecting our business; 
 interruptions in service and any related impact on our business, reputation, or brand; 
 the attraction and engagement of qualified employees and key personnel; 
 our ability to choose and effectively manage third-party service providers; 
 the effects of natural or man-made catastrophic events, including wars and other armed conflicts, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East; 
 the impact of actual or anticipated public health emergencies, such as an outbreak of an epidemic or pandemic; 
 46 

Table of Content s 

 potential volatility in our gross margins, including due to revenue mix shifts between our Enterprise and Consumer segments, changes in our pricing policies, increased use of subscriptions in our Consumer segment, and timing differences between recognition of revenue and related content costs for courses; 
 the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; 
 the impact of payment processor costs and procedures; and 
 changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities. 
 The unpredictability of our results of operations could cause our results to vary from period to period or to fall below our public guidance or the expectations of analysts and investors for a given period, which will adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to attract new learners, instructors, and organizations and retain existing ones. 
 Our success depends, in part, on growing the number of learners and instructors engaging with our platform. We believe the increase in the number of instructors increases the quality and quantity of the content available on our platform, in turn making our platform more appealing and engaging to learners in both our Enterprise and Consumer segments. This increase in learners then attracts more instructors to our platform. This dynamic marketplace model takes time to build and may grow at a slower pace than we expect. In addition, although the number of individual and UB learners and instructors engaging with our platform has grown in recent years, there can be no assurance that this growth will continue. For example, there is significant uncertainty regarding the adoption and growth of remote, online and asynchronous learning and training, as well as skills-based learning, compared to the traditional models of education and training, which may adversely affect demand for our platform. We have also experienced elongated sales cycles for our UB offerings as a result of what we believe to be budget tightening as a result of economic uncertainty. Additionally, our average sales cycle may lengthen as we focus more on our UB Large Customers, which tend to have longer procurement processes than smaller customers. If we fail to grow or maintain the number of learners and instructors engaging with our platform, the value of our platform will diminish and our revenue will decline. 
 We believe that many of our new learners find us by word of mouth and other non-paid referrals from existing learners. If existing learners do not find our platform or its content appealing and engaging, whether because of a negative experience with, declining interest in or relevancy of the content, they may stop referring others to us. In turn, if instructors perceive that our platform lacks an adequate learner audience, instructors may be less willing to provide content for our platform, and the experience of learners could be further negatively impacted. The willingness or ability of instructors to provide content for our platform could also be negatively impacted by other factors, such as: 
 complaints or negative publicity about us or our platform, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents; 
 changes to our terms and policies that our instructors find, or even perceive, to be unpopular or that are not clearly articulated to them; or 
 our failure or perceived failure to enforce our policies fairly and transparently. 
 In addition, the costs associated with retaining learners and instructors are substantially lower than those associated with acquiring new learners and instructors. As a result, if we are unable to retain existing learners and instructors, even if such losses are offset by an increase in revenue resulting from new learners and instructors, it could harm our growth prospects and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 47 

Table of Content s 

 Our platform relies on a limited number of instructors who create a significant portion of the most popular content on our platform, and the loss of these instructor relationships could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We strive to build meaningful connections with instructors, ranging from those that are well known and have created extensively to those that have just begun the process of creating courses. We are expanding our platform, using generative AI, to improve our instructors ability create additional modalities and hands-on learning experiences. As of September 30, 2024, we had relationships with over 75,000 instructors. Although we view the breadth and diverse expertise of our instructor base and the content they create as one of our competitive advantages, a significant portion of the most popular content on our platform, and as a result a significant portion of our revenue, is attributable to a limited number of our instructor s. B ecause instructors may unpublish content or leave the Udemy platform altogether, subject to our right to continue offering such content to new learners on the consumer marketplace for 60 days afterwards and in our subscription offerings for 12 months afterwards, we may need to source replacement content by a different instructor on short notice. For example, we recently announced a change in our revenue share model with instructors, which became effective at the beginning of 2024, which could cause some instructors to unpublish content or leave the Udemy platform. Although we do not believe the loss of any one of these instructors would materially impact our business, the loss of multiple existing instructors, as well as any failure to attract additional instructors, could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations by adversely affecting our ability to provide high-quality, engaging, and relevant content for one or more subject matters and the pace at which we provide such content, which in turn could reduce the attractiveness of our platform to learners and customers. 
 If we fail to maintain and expand our relationships with UB customers, our ability to grow our business and revenue will suffer. 
 Revenue from our Enterprise segment represented 65 and 59 of total revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 62 and 57 of total revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to grow this offering, both by retaining and expanding our relationship with existing customers and attracting new customers. Many customers initially use our platform within specific groups or departments within their organizations, or for specific use cases. Our ability to grow our UB business depends, in part, on our ability to persuade these customers to expand their use of our platform to address additional use cases. Further, the continued growth of our business requires that our customers renew their subscriptions with us and that we expand our relationships with our existing customers. Customers may decide not to renew their subscriptions with a similar contract period, at the same prices and terms, with the same or a greater number of users, or at all. It is difficult to accurately predict whether we will have future success in retaining customers or expanding our relationships with them. We have experienced significant growth in the number of customers subscribing to our UB offerings, but we do not know whether we will continue to achieve similar growth, or achieve any growth at all, in the future. Our ability to retain UB customers and expand our deployments with them may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including customers satisfaction with our platform, the quality and timeliness of our customer success and customer support services, our prices, the prices and features of competing solutions, reductions in customers spending levels, insufficient adoption of our platform by our customers constituents, and new feature releases, any of which could cause our revenue to decline or grow less quickly than anticipated, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market, and we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment, as the market for online learning is relatively new, fragmented, and rapidly evolving, with limited barriers to entry. We compete for learners, enterprise customers, and instructors: 
 Learners : We compete for learners based on our course catalog, instructors, and learning tools. 
 UB customers : We compete for customers based on our up-to-date content, the breadth and depth of that content across the full range of core business functions, and advanced product features that optimize self-paced learning and enable organizations to effectively drive programmatic learning. 
 Instructors : We compete for instructors based on our ability to promote monetization opportunities. 
 Our competition includes corporate training offerings, direct-to-consumer training offerings, specialized content training offerings, and free online resources used to gather and share knowledge and skills. 
 48 

Table of Content s 

 We expect our existing competitors and new entrants to the online learning market to continually evolve and improve their business models. If these or other market participants introduce new or improved delivery of online education and technology-enabled services that are more compelling or widely accepted than ours, our ability to grow our revenue and achieve profitability could suffer. The emergence of enhanced generative artificial intelligence capabilities could provide competitors with an advantage. Several new and existing companies in the online education industry provide or may provide offerings similar to what we offer on our platform, and, despite any exclusivity arrangements we have with our instructors, these companies may nonetheless pursue relationships with our instructors that may reduce, or stop altogether, the content our instructors produce for our platform. In addition, customers may choose to continue using or develop their own online learning or training solutions in-house rather than pay for our platform. 
 We believe that our ability to successfully compete depends on a range of factors, both within and beyond our control, including: 
 the availability or development of alternative online learning platforms that are more compelling to learners, instructors, or organizations than ours; 
 changes in pricing policies and terms offered by our competitors or by us, including the 2024 change to our instructor revenue sharing model; 
 the ability to adapt to or compete with new technologies and changes in requirements of our learners, instructors, and UB customers; 
 the ability to adapt to disruptive innovation that may significantly alter or transform the competitive landscape, such as natural language processing, artificial intelligence and machine learning; 
 costs associated with acquiring and retaining learners, instructors, and UB customers; 
 the ability of our current and future competitors to establish relationships with customers; 
 industry consolidation and the number and rate of new entrants; 
 difficulties with software development that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or implementation of platform modifications and enhancements; and 
 costs associated with improving and maintaining our platform. 
 Current and potential competitors (including any new entrants into the market) may enjoy substantial competitive advantages over us, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, market- or industry-specific knowledge, more successful marketing capabilities, more successful adaptation to or integration of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources than we have. Our current or new competitors may adopt certain aspects of our business model, which could reduce our ability to differentiate our services. Furthermore, online educational content is not typically marketed exclusively through any single channel and, accordingly, our competitors could aggregate a set of online learning courses similar to ours. Competition may intensify as our competitors raise additional capital or as new participants, including established companies, enter the markets in which we compete. Our ability to grow our business and achieve profitability could be impaired if we cannot compete successfully. 
 49 

Table of Content s 

 The market for online learning solutions may not grow as we expect, which may harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our future success depends in part on the future growth in the demand for online learning solutions. We expect that broader societal and macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, general economic uncertainty, and the prevalence of remote or hybrid work, will influence the further development of the online learning market and the growth rate of remote, online and asynchronous learning and training solutions such as ours. In addition, the rate at which online learning solutions are adopted by learners or UB customers may also depend on a variety of factors specific to individual learners or UB customers, such as budget constraints and training needs. Consequently, it is difficult to predict demand for and continued use of our platform by learners, instructors, and UB customers, the rate at which existing learners and instructors expand their engagement with our platform, the size and growth rate of the market for our platform, the entry of competitive offerings into the market, or the success of existing competitive offerings. Even if market demand for online learning solutions generally increases, we cannot assure you that adoption of our platform will also increase. If the market for online learning solutions does not grow as we expect or our platform does not achieve widespread adoption, it could result in reduced learner and customer spending, reduced engagement from instructors, attrition by learners, instructors, and UB customers, and decreased revenue, any of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may need to change our pricing model for our platform s offerings, which in turn could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 We have in the past, and expect that we may in the future, need to change our pricing model or target contract length from time to time. As the market for our learning platform develops, as new competitors introduce competitive applications or services, or as we enter into new international markets, we may be unable to attract new learners or UB customers at the same price or based on the same pricing models we have historically used, or for contract lengths consistent with our historical averages. In addition, as we introduce new products, or improve existing ones, we may not be successful in developing appealing pricing and contract models for these products. Pricing and contract length decisions may also impact the mix of adoption among our offerings and negatively impact our overall revenue. Competition may also require us to make substantial price concessions. Moreover, our consumer pricing model and methodology has been, and may in the future become, subject to legal challenge under applicable federal or state laws, regulations, and guidelines relating to promotional pricing practices. Our results of operations may be adversely affected by any of the foregoing, and we may have increased difficulty achieving or maintaining profitability. 
 Failure to effectively leverage our strategic partnerships to market and sell our products could impact our ability to increase brand awareness and grow our revenue . 
 We rely on strategic partners, including resellers, for certain sales and marketing efforts. We plan to continue to establish and maintain similar strategic relationships as part of our growth strategy, and we expect these partners to become an increasingly important aspect of our business. Identifying partners and negotiating terms with them requires significant time and resources, and we are dependent on our ability to negotiate terms that are favorable to us and provide sufficient incentives for our partners to promote our products. If our partners do not effectively sell or market our products, choose to promote our competitors products or otherwise choose not to devote sufficient efforts to our business, our ability to grow our revenue may be impaired, and our results of operations may suffer. 
 
 In addition, we have granted exclusivity to resellers in certain geographies for UB, such as to our partner Benesse in Japan, and so we are dependent on the sales efforts of our resellers in those geographies. If we fail to effectively manage our existing resellers, or if our reseller partners are unsuccessful in fulfilling the orders for our products, or if we are unable to enter into arrangements with, and retain a sufficient number of, high quality reseller partners in each of the regions in which they sell products and keep them motivated to sell our products, our ability to sell our products and operating results will be harmed. Any negative changes in our relationship with our reseller partners, including the loss of a reseller or a significant reduction in business with a reseller, 
 50 

Table of Content s 

 could adversely impact our sales in particular geographies, which could, in turn, negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Failure to effectively expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our base of learners and UB customers and achieve broader market acceptance. 
 Our ability to broaden our base of both consumer learners and UB customers, and achieve broader market acceptance of our marketplace platform, will depend to a significant extent on the ability of our sales and marketing organizations to work together to drive our sales pipeline and cultivate customer relationships. Our marketing efforts include the use of search engine optimization, paid search, email marketing, and television. 
 We have invested in and plan to continue expanding our sales and marketing organizations, both domestically and internationally. Identifying, recruiting, training, and retaining talented sales and marketing personnel will require significant time, expense, and attention, and if we are unable to do so, or if the hired personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective, our ability to broaden our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform could be harmed. In addition, the investments we make in our sales and marketing organizations will occur in advance of experiencing benefits from such investments, making it difficult to determine in a timely manner if we are efficiently allocating our resources in these areas. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our reputation and business may suffer. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand recognition is critical to our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, UB customers, and partners, and that the importance of our reputation and brand recognition will continue to increase as competition in the markets in which we operate continues to develop. Our success in this arena will depend on a range of factors, both within and beyond our control. Factors affecting our reputation and brand recognition that are within our control include our ability to: 
 market our platform effectively and efficiently; 
 maintain a useful, innovative, and reliable platform; 
 maintain a high satisfaction among learners, instructors, and UB customers; 
 provide a high quality and perceived value for our platform; 
 successfully differentiate our platform from competing offerings; 
 maintain a consistently high level of customer service; and 
 prevent any actual or perceived data security breach or incident or data loss, or misuse or perceived misuse of our platform. 
 Additionally, our reputation and brand recognition may be affected by factors that are beyond our control, such as: 
 the actions of competitors or other third parties; 
 the quality and quantity of, as well as the nature and subject matter of, content available from instructors on our platform; 
 positive or negative publicity, including with respect to events or activities attributed to us, our employees, instructors, or our commercial partners; 
 interruptions, delays, or attacks on our platform; and 
 litigation or legal developments. 
 Damage to our reputation and brand, from the factors listed above or otherwise, may reduce demand for our platform and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, any attempts to rehabilitate our reputation and brand recognition may be costly and time-consuming, and there can be no assurance that any such efforts will ultimately be successful. 
 51 

Table of Content s 

 We could face liability, or our reputation might be harmed, as a result of courses posted to our platform. 
 Instructors at times post courses and related materials to our platform that contain content owned by third parties, and we do not proactively review content for potential infringement of intellectual property rights. Although we maintain and enforce terms and policies requiring instructors to respect the intellectual property rights of others, they may not do so. As a result, we are subject to potential liability to third parties for the unauthorized duplication, distribution, or other use of this material. In addition, third parties have alleged, and in the future may allege, misappropriation, plagiarism, defamation, disparagement or similar claims related to content appearing on our platform. Any such claims could subject us to costly litigation, regardless of whether the claims have merit. Moreover, there can be no assurance that our responses to complaints by third-party content owners regarding intellectual property violations will be sufficient to protect us from adverse claims. Our various liability insurance coverages may not cover potential claims of this type adequately or at all, and we may be required to alter or cease our uses of such material, which may include removing course content or altering the functionality of our platform, or be required to pay monetary damages. 
 Where applicable, we rely on a variety of statutory and common law frameworks and defenses, including those provided by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the Communications Decency Act (the CDA ), the fair-use doctrine in the United States and the E-Commerce Directive in the European Union (the E.U. ). However, the availability, scope, and application of such frameworks, defenses, and statutes varies across the many jurisdictions in which we operate, and the applicable limitations on immunity, requirements to maintain immunity, and moderation efforts required in the many jurisdictions in which we operate may affect our ability to rely on these frameworks and defenses, or create uncertainty regarding liability for content posted to our platform. Moreover, regulators in the United States and in other countries in which we operate may introduce new regulatory regimes or modify existing regulatory regimes, including in ways that increase potential liability for information or content available on or through our platform or the content moderation decisions we make with respect to our platform, or which impose additional obligations to monitor such information or content, which could increase our costs. 
 Failure of our resellers or other commercial partners to use acceptable ethical business practices or comply with applicable laws could negatively impact our business. 
 In certain jurisdictions, such as Japan, we rely on third-party resellers and other commercial partners to distribute and market our offerings. We expect these resellers and partners to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, but we cannot control their conduct. If any of our resellers or partners violates applicable laws or implements business practices that are regarded as unethical, the distribution of our platform in those jurisdictions could be interrupted, usage of our platform could decline, our reputation could be damaged and we may be subject to liability. Any of these events could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our revenue, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected by general economic conditions. 
 Our business is sensitive to trends in the general economy, which is unpredictable. Therefore, our operating results, to the extent they reflect changes in the broader economy, may be subject to significant fluctuations. Since online learning is generally dependent on discretionary spending, negative general economic or financial conditions or uncertainty regarding future economic or financial conditions could significantly reduce the overall amount that learners and organizations spend on, and the frequency of, online learning or result in delays to planned spending on online learning. Any or all of these factors could reduce the demand for our services, reducing our revenue and potentially increasing our need to make significant expenditures to continue to attract learners and UB customers to our platform. Additionally, adverse developments affecting the banking or financial services industries or the financial and capital markets, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could negatively affect our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business and operations could be materially and adversely affected by natural disasters, public health emergencies, political crises, or other catastrophic events. 
 Our business and operations could be materially and adversely affected by catastrophic events, such as earthquakes, floods, fires, telecommunications failures, power losses, break-ins, acts of terrorism, wars and other armed conflicts, political or geopolitical crises, inclement weather and public health emergencies. In particular, our corporate headquarters are located in San Francisco, California, an earthquake-sensitive area 
 52 

Table of Content s 

 and one that has been increasingly vulnerable to wildfires, and damage to or total destruction of our executive offices resulting from earthquakes may not be covered in whole or in part by any insurance we may have. If catastrophic events were to cause damage to our properties or interrupt our operations, our results of operations would suffer. Global climate change may result in natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise, and flooding. We may not be able to effectively adapt our operations to avoid disruptions arising from the occurrence of such events, and our business could be affected adversely as a result. 
 Our business could be harmed if we fail to manage our growth effectively. 
 The growth we have experienced, and may continue to experience, in our business places significant demands on our operational infrastructure. The scalability and flexibility of our platform depends on the functionality of our technology and network infrastructure and our ability to handle increased traffic and demand for bandwidth. The growth in the number of learners and instructors using our platform and the amount of educational content available through our platform has increased the amount of data and requests that we process. Any problems with the transmission of increased data and requests could result in harm to our brand or reputation. Moreover, as our business grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our operational infrastructure and enhancing our scalability in order to maintain the performance of our platform. 
 Our growth has placed, and will likely continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, financial, and other resources. Future growth in our organization could place additional strain on our existing resources, and we could experience systemic operating difficulties in managing our business, which may negatively impact our gross profit or operating expenses. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain our senior management team and other highly skilled employees and to attract, retain, and motivate our qualified personnel. 
 We depend on the continued services and performance of our senior management team, key technical employees, and other key personnel. Although we have entered into employment agreements with senior management team members, each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time or not be able to perform the services we require in the future. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or other employees. Similarly, third parties may attempt to encourage our senior management team or other key employees to leave for other employment. The loss of one or more of the members of our senior management team or other key personnel for any reason could disrupt our operations, create uncertainty among investors, adversely impact employee retention and morale and significantly harm our business. 
 From time to time we have experienced, and may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with the appropriate level of qualifications. The companies with which we compete for qualified employees may have greater resources than we have and may offer compensation packages that are perceived to be better than ours. We use restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units, among other things, to help attract and retain employees; however, if our stock price performs poorly, these equity incentives may not be sufficient to achieve these goals. Additionally, changes in our compensation structure, workforce reductions and other cost reduction efforts (including our ongoing operational efficiency initiatives and the restructuring plan announced in September 2024) may be negatively received by employees and result in attrition or recruiting difficulties. 
 
 If we fail to attract new employees or fail to retain and motivate our current employees, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Acquisitions and other strategic investments may expose us to significant risks, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have in the past pursued, and may in the future pursue, acquisitions of, or strategic investments in, businesses, technologies, services and other assets that complement our business. For example, in 2021 we acquired CUX, Inc. (d/b/a CorpU) CorpU ), an online leadership development platform that we have rebranded as our UB Leadership Academy. We have limited experience as an organization with successfully executing and managing acquisitions and strategic investments. These kinds of transactions involve numerous risks, including the following: 
 difficulties in realizing the anticipated economic, operational and other benefits of the acquisition or strategic investment successfully or in a timely manner; 
 53 

Table of Content s 

 failure of businesses we acquire or invest in to achieve anticipated revenue, earnings, or cash flow; 
 diversion of management s attention or other resources from our existing business; 
 any inability to maintain the key customers, business relationships, suppliers, and brand potential of businesses we acquire or invest in; 
 uncertainty of entry into businesses or geographies in which we have limited or no prior experience or in which competitors have stronger positions; 
 unanticipated or greater costs than expected associated with pursuing acquisitions or investments; 
 difficulties in, or costs associated with, any integration process, such as challenges associated with assigning or transferring acquired intellectual property or intellectual property licenses; integrating and auditing financial statements of acquired companies that have not historically prepared financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP and integrating the workforce of acquired companies and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; 
 responsibility for the liabilities of acquired businesses, including those that were not disclosed to us or exceed our estimates, such as liabilities arising out of the failure to maintain effective privacy, data protection and cybersecurity controls, and liabilities arising out of the failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including tax laws; 
 inability to maintain our culture and values, ethical standards, controls, procedures, and policies; and 
 asset write-offs and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets in connection with any acquisition or strategic investment, as well as any inability to accurately forecast such impacts. 
 We may not succeed in addressing these or other risks in connection with any acquisitions or strategic investments we undertake, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, we may have to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity or equity-linked securities to finance any acquisitions or investments, which could also adversely affect our financial condition or the trading price of our securities, and the sale of equity or equity-linked securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 We may need to raise additional funds to pursue our growth strategy or continue operations, and we may be unable to raise capital when needed or on acceptable terms. 
 From time to time, we may seek additional equity or debt financing to fund our growth, enhance our platform, respond to competitive pressures, or make acquisitions or other investments. Our business plans may change, general economic, financial or political conditions in our markets may deteriorate or other circumstances may arise, in each case that have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and the anticipated cash needs of our business. Any of these events or circumstances could result in significant additional funding needs, requiring us to raise additional capital. We cannot predict the timing or amount of any such capital requirements at this time. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or at all, we may be unable to expand our business at the rate desired and our results of operations may suffer. 
 We operate internationally and we plan to continue expanding our international operations, which exposes us to risks inherent in international operations. 
 Managing a global organization requires significant resources and management attention. We currently maintain operations outside of the United States in Ireland, Turkey, Australia, and India, and we plan to expand our international operations in the future. 
 We generated 60 and 60 of our total revenue outside of North America during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 60 and 60 of our total revenue outside of North America during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Based on our instructor registration records, we estimate that a majority of our instructors are located outside the United States. Any further international expansion efforts that we may undertake may not be as successful as we expect or at all. 
 Additionally, conducting international operations subjects us to risks that we have not generally faced in the United States. These risks include: 
 the cost and resources required to localize our services, which requires the translation of our websites into foreign languages and adaptation for local practices and regulatory requirements; 
 54 

Table of Content s 

 competition with local market participants who understand the local market better than we do or who have pre-existing relationships with our potential learners and UB customers in those markets; 
 greater reliance on third-party resellers and other commercial partners for the distribution and marketing of our offerings; 
 legal uncertainty regarding the operations of our platform and our liability for the content and services provided by our instructors, including as a result of evolving local laws or a lack of clear precedent of applicable law; 
 the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and legal standards; 
 lack of familiarity with and unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements; 
 adapting to variations in methods of payment from learners and UB customers; 
 difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added tax systems, digital services tax and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities and difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls; 
 political, social, and economic instability abroad, wars and other armed conflicts, terrorist attacks, and security concerns in general, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East; 
 reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; and 
 higher telecommunications and internet service provider costs. 
 Operating in international markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources. The investment and additional resources required to establish operations and manage growth in other countries may not produce desired levels of revenue or profitability. 
 Our strategic and other relationships with partners overseas may also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny in the United States and other jurisdictions. Operating in international markets could also increase our business exposure to the effects of trade and economic sanctions regulations. See We are subject to governmental export and import controls and regulations that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 
 Further, as we continue to expand internationally, we could also become subject to increased difficulties in collecting accounts receivable (including as a result of international sanctions or other trade restrictions affecting the geographies in which we or our learners or customers are present), repatriating money without adverse tax consequences, and risks relating to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have not engaged in currency hedging activities to limit risk of exchange rate fluctuations, and while we may decide to do so in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these hedging transactions may be limited. Changes in exchange rates affect our costs and earnings, and may also affect the book value of our assets located outside the United States and the amount of our stockholders equity. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S. and abroad that affect our business. As a global platform with learners and instructors in over 180 countries, w e are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations regarding consumer protection, advertising, electronic marketing, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, data localization requirements, online services, freedom of speech, labor, real estate, taxation, intellectual property ownership and infringement, export and national security, tariffs, anti-corruption and telecommunications, all of which are continuously evolving and developing. 
 55 

Table of Content s 

 The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the U.S., and compliance with laws, regulations and similar requirements may be burdensome and expensive. Because these laws and regulations are subject to change over time, we must continue to dedicate resources to monitoring developments in the law and ensuring compliance. Laws and regulations may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and certain jurisdictions may impose more stringent regulatory requirements than the U.S., which may increase the cost of compliance and doing business and expose us to possible litigation, penalties, or fines. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could make our platform less attractive to learners, instructors, or enterprise customers or cause us to change or limit our ability to make available our platform. We have policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but we cannot assure you that we will not experience violations of such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. Any such violations could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages, civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We use machine learning and artificial intelligence throughout the business. As the regulatory framework for machine learning technology and artificial intelligence evolves, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The regulatory framework for machine learning technology, artificial intelligence and automated decision making is evolving. It is possible that new laws and regulations will be adopted in the United States and in non-U.S. jurisdictions, or that existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in ways that would affect the operation of our learning platforms and the way in which we use artificial intelligence and machine learning technology. Further, the cost to comply with such laws or regulations could be significant and would increase our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls and regulations that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 
 Our business activities are subject to various restrictions under U.S. export and similar laws and regulations, including trade and economic sanctions regulations. The U.S. export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations include restrictions or prohibitions on the sale of certain services to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons, and entities which in some cases might apply to our activities. In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain technology and have enacted or could enact laws that could limit our ability to provide learners access to our platform or could limit our learners ability to access or use our services in those countries. 
 Although we take precautions to prevent our platform from being provided in violation of such laws and regulations, our platform could nevertheless be provided inadvertently in violation of such laws. Complying with these laws and regulations could be particularly difficult because our products are widely available worldwide, in some cases, by providing only minimal information at registration. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we and certain of our employees could be subject to civil or criminal penalties. We also may be adversely affected through penalties, reputational harm, loss of access to certain markets, or otherwise. In addition, various countries regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our platform or could limit our learners ability to access our platform in those countries. Changes in our platform, or future changes in export and import regulations, may prevent our international learners or instructors from using our platform or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our platform to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions, or related legislation or changes in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our platform. 
 56 

Table of Content s 

 Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to the anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the U.S. and other applicable jurisdictions. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. 
 We sometimes engage third parties to sell our products and conduct our business abroad. We and our employees, agents, representatives, business partners, or third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these employees, agents, representatives, business partners, or third-party intermediaries even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. We cannot assure you that none of our employees and agents will take actions in violation of applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. 
 These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners, or third-party intermediaries will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. 
 Any allegations or violations of applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 We are from time to time involved in claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and other proceedings that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are involved in litigation matters from time to time, such as matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including intellectual property, commercial, employment, class action, whistleblower, accessibility, and other litigation and claims, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources, cause us to incur significant expenses or liability, or require us to change our business practices. In addition, the expense of litigation and the timing of these expenses from period to period are difficult to estimate, subject to change, and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because of the potential risks, expenses, and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes, even where we have meritorious claims or defenses, by agreeing to settlement agreements. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our sales to government clients expose us to additional risks. 
 We derive a portion of our revenue from sales to US federal, state and local governmental agencies, as well as foreign governments and agencies. Sales to government customers may be subject to lengthy and complex procurement processes, including technology and security assessments, budget approvals and competitive bidding requirements. Government demand for our offerings may be impacted by government shutdowns, public sector budgetary cycles, contracting requirements, and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products and subscriptions. Further, governmental entities may demand contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements and are less favorable than terms agreed with private sector customers , including terms that may allow a government to terminate without cause and provide for higher liability limits for certain losses. 
 In addition, as a government contractor, we must comply with laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, and performance of government contracts, which affect how we do business with government agencies. Governmental entities may also be subject to a rapidly evolving regulatory framework that may impact their ability to use our platform and products. As a result of actual or perceived noncompliance with these laws, regulations, or contractual provisions, we may be subject to non-ordinary 
 57 

Table of Content s 

 course audits and internal investigations, which may prove costly to our business, divert management time, or limit our ability to continue selling our products and services to our government customers. Any violation of government contracting laws and regulations or contract terms could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments and fines, treble damages, and suspension from future government contracting. Also, engaging in sales activities to foreign governments introduces additional compliance risks specific to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other similar statutory requirements prohibiting bribery and corruption in the jurisdictions in which we operate. All these factors add further risk to business conducted with these customers. 
 Adherence to our values and our focus on long-term sustainability may negatively impact our short- or medium-term financial performance. 
 Our values motivate everything we do, and we accordingly intend to focus on the long-term sustainability of our business and platform. We may take actions that we believe will benefit our business and our ecosystem and, therefore, our stockholders over a period of time, even if those actions do not maximize short- or medium-term financial results. However, these longer-term benefits may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all. For example: 
 we may choose to prohibit certain content from our platform that we believe is inconsistent with our values even though we could benefit financially from the sale of that content; 
 we may choose to revise our policies in ways that we believe will be beneficial to our learners, instructors, and UB customers in the long term even though the changes may be perceived unfavorably among our existing learners, instructors, and customers; or 
 we may take actions, such as locating our servers in low-impact data centers, that reduce our environmental footprint even though these actions may be more costly than other alternatives. 
 
 Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from regulators, investors, customers, employees, and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting could cause us to incur additional costs, devote additional resources and expose us to additional risks, which could adversely impact our reputation, customer acquisition and retention, access to capital and employee retention. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental, social and governance, or ESG, practices and reporting. Regulators, investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders have focused increasingly on ESG practices and placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments, purchases and other interactions with companies. If our ESG practices and reporting do not meet investor, customer, or employee expectations, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation, and learner, instructor, and UB customer retention may be negatively impacted. We also expect to incur additional costs and devote additional resources to monitor, report and implement various ESG practices, including as a result of regulatory developments. 
 Inadequate self-insurance accruals or insurance coverage for employee healthcare benefits could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results or financial condition. 
 Beginning in 2023, we became self-insured for certain medical benefits, up to certain stop-loss limits. We accrue these costs based on known claims and estimates of incurred but not reported claims. Our actual liabilities may exceed our estimates of losses. We may also experience an unexpectedly large number of claims that result in costs or liabilities in excess of our projections, which could cause us to record additional expenses. 
 Risks related to technology, privacy, and cybersecurity 
 Changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, including those relating to the protection or transfer of data relating to individuals, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations or any other obligations could adversely affect our business. 
 We receive, transmit, store, and otherwise process personal information and other data relating to our learners, instructors, and other individuals, such as our employees. Numerous local, municipal, state, federal, and international laws and regulations address privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, and the collection, storing, use, disclosure, protection, and other processing of certain types of data. These laws, rules, and regulations 
 58 

Table of Content s 

 evolve frequently and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, and changes in enforcement, and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. 
 For example, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR has resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for companies like ours. The GDPR regulates our collection, control, sharing, use, disclosure, and other processing of personal data of individuals in the E.U. Actual or alleged failure to comply with the GDPR may result in fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4 of the annual global revenue of the infringer, whichever is greater. It may also lead to civil litigation, with the risks of damages, injunctive relief, or regulatory orders adversely impacting our processing of personal data. 
 The United Kingdom maintains a United Kingdom version of the GDPR (combining the GDPR and the United Kingdom Data Protection Act of 2018), referred to as the U.K. GDPR, which provides for fines of up to 17.5 million British pounds sterling or 4 of global turnover, whichever is greater. The relationship between the United Kingdom and the E.U. in relation to certain aspects of data protection law is subject to uncertainty. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission announced a decision of adequacy concluding that the United Kingdom ensures an equivalent level of data protection to the GDPR, generally permitting personal data transfers from the European Economic Area (the EEA to the United Kingdom. This adequacy determination must, however, be renewed after four years and may be modified or revoked in the interim. We cannot fully predict how United Kingdom data protection laws or regulations may develop nor the effects of divergent laws and guidance, including those relating to data transfers. Changes with respect to any of these matters may lead to additional costs and increase our risk exposure. 
 Additionally, we are or may become subject to laws, rules, and regulations regarding cross-border transfers of personal data, including transfers of personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Recent developments have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from the EEA to the U.S. and other jurisdictions. In 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU invalidated the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (the Privacy Shield ), under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA. The CJEU also noted that standard contractual clauses (approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism) may not necessarily be relied upon in all circumstances. In addition to other mechanisms, in limited circumstances we may rely on Privacy Shield certifications of third parties (for example, vendors and partners). The European Commission and the United Kingdom s Information Commissioner s Office have published new standard contractual clauses that are required to be implemented. 
 Following issuance of a U.S. Executive Order, a new framework, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework EU-U.S. DPF was created as a successor to the Privacy Shield. Following an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission on July 10, 2023, the DPF, along with a UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF that allows the transfer of personal data from the UK to the U.S. (the UK DPF Extension ), is available for companies as a lawful transfer mechanism for personal data transfers to the U.S. from the EEA and UK. The Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Swiss-U.S. DPF also has been established to serve as a lawful transfer mechanism for personal data transfers to the U.S. from Switzerland. We have self-certified to the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK DPF Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. The EU-U.S. DPF already has been the subject of legal challenge, however, and more generally, these frameworks may be subject to legal challenges from privacy advocacy groups or others. Additionally, the European Commission's adequacy decision regarding the DPF provides that the DPF will be subject to future reviews and may be subject to suspension, amendment, repeal, or limitations in scope by the European Commission. These developments regarding cross-border data transfers have created uncertainty and increased the risk around our international operations and may require us to review and amend the legal mechanisms by which we make or receive personal data transfers to the U.S. and other jurisdictions. We may, among other things, be required to implement additional contractual and technical safeguards for any personal data transferred out of the EEA, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or other regions which may increase compliance costs, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or liability, may require additional contractual negotiations, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The California Consumer Protection Act CCPA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, among other things, requires covered companies to provide specified disclosures to California consumers and affords such consumers the ability to opt out of certain types of data sharing and sales. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches. Additionally, in November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (the CPRA ). As of January 1, 2023, the CPRA expanded the CCPA with additional requirements that may impact our business and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing the law. Several states in the U.S. have proposed or 
 59 

Table of Content s 

 enacted their own privacy laws, many of which contain obligations similar to the CCPA and CPRA. Many of these similar state privacy laws have taken effect or will take effect in coming years, creating the potential for a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws and for a trend of increasingly stringent privacy legislation in the U.S., which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the Personal Information Protection Law, or PIPL, went into effect in the People s Republic of China (the PRC on November 1, 2021. The PIPL shares similarities with the GDPR, including extraterritorial application, data minimization, data localization, and purpose limitation requirements, and obligations to provide certain notices and rights to PRC citizens. The PIPL allows for fines of up to 50 million renminbi or 5 of a covered company s revenue in the prior year. Aspects of the interpretation and enforcement of the CCPA, as amended by CPRA, and other evolving federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, protection, and other processing of certain types of data are subject to varying enforcement and new and changing interpretations by courts, and may impose different or inconsistent obligations. These laws or regulations, particularly any new or modified laws or regulations, or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of laws or regulations, that require enhanced protection of certain data or new obligations, could greatly increase the cost of providing our platform, require significant changes to our data processing practices and other aspects of our operations, or prevent us from providing our platform in jurisdictions in which we currently operate and in which we may operate in the future. 
 Additionally, we have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses in efforts to comply with privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, or contractual obligations. We may be subject to investigation or enforcement actions by regulators if our statements, policies or practices relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity are alleged to be deficient, lacking transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative. We are also bound by contractual obligations related to our collection, use, disclosure, protection, and other processing of personal data and other types of data. Our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful or may have other negative consequences. With laws, regulations, and other actual and asserted obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations and with uncertainty over their interpretation and application, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices and may incur significant costs and expenses in efforts to do so. Despite our efforts, our interpretations of the law or our practices, policies, or platform or other services or offerings could be inconsistent with, or fail or be alleged to fail to meet all requirements of, such laws, regulations, or obligations. Any actual or perceived failure, or consequences associated with our efforts, to comply with applicable laws or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, or data processing, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or use or release of data relating to learners, instructors, or other individuals could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing learners, instructors, and UB customers from using our platform, and could result in investigations, or other proceedings by governmental agencies, private claims and litigation, and fines, penalties, and other liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Even if not subject to legal challenge, concerns relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and brand adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 A cybersecurity attack or other security breach or incident could delay or interrupt service to our learners, instructors, and UB customers, harm our reputation or subject us to significant liability. 
 Our platform involves the processing of significant amounts of data relating to learners, instructors, and UB customers interacting with our platform, including personal data and personal information. Additionally, we collect and store certain sensitive and proprietary information, and personal information, in the operation of our business, including trade secrets, intellectual property, employee data, and other confidential data. 
 60 

Table of Content s 

 We engage third-party service providers to store and otherwise process certain data, including sensitive and personal information. Our service providers have been, and in the future may be, the targets of cyberattacks, malicious software, phishing schemes, fraud, and other risks to the confidentiality, security, and integrity of their systems and the data they process for us. Our ability to monitor our service providers cybersecurity is limited, and third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures, resulting in the unauthorized access to, misuse, disclosure, loss, unavailability, destruction or other processing of data they process for us, including sensitive and personal information. There have been and may continue to be significant supply chain attacks, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party providers systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our services. 
 While we have taken measures to protect our own proprietary and confidential information, as well as the personal data and confidential information that we otherwise process, and measures to protect our platform, we, our third-party service providers, and the networks and systems used in our business, including those of third-party service providers, have been subject to, and we, our service providers and our platform may in the future may be subject to, cybersecurity attacks or other security breaches or incidents. Cybersecurity attacks may take the form of denial of service attacks, attacks using ransomware or other malware, or other attacks, and can come from individual hackers, criminal groups, and state-sponsored organizations. These sources have used artificial intelligence and machine learning to launch more automated, targeted and sophisticated attacks against targets. They can also implement social engineering techniques to induce our employees, contractors, or customers to disclose passwords or other sensitive information or take other actions to gain access to data, and we and our platform otherwise may be subject to security breaches and incidents resulting from employee or contractor error or malfeasance. These and other threats may be heightened by geopolitical tensions and conflicts. We also may be more susceptible to cyberattacks and other security breaches and other security incidents while many of our employees work remotely, because we have less ability to implement, monitor, and enforce our information security and data protection policies. 
 More generally, we cannot guarantee that applicable recovery systems, security protocols, network protection mechanisms, and other procedures of ourselves or our third-party service providers are or will be adequate to prevent network and service interruption, system failure or loss, corruption, or unauthorized access to, or disclosure, acquisition, unavailability, destruction, or other processing of, data, including personal data and other sensitive information that we or they process or maintain. Moreover, our platform could be breached or disrupted if vulnerabilities in our platform are exploited by unauthorized third parties. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and the volumes of cybersecurity attacks and of security breaches and incidents generally are increasing. We and our third-party service providers may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or stop any attacks while they are occurring. A cybersecurity attack or security breach or incident could delay, disrupt or interrupt our platform and services and may deter learners, instructors, or organizations from using our platform, and we and our service providers may face difficulties or delays in identifying, remediating, and otherwise responding to any cybersecurity attack or other security breach or incident. In addition, any actual or perceived cybersecurity attack or security breach or incident could damage our reputation and brand, expose us to a risk of claims, litigation, regulatory investigations or other proceedings and possible fines, penalties, or other liability and require us to expend significant capital and other resources. We incur significant costs in an effort to detect and prevent security breaches and other security-related incidents, and we expect our costs will increase as we make improvements to our systems and processes to prevent future breaches and incidents. Some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Any disclosures relating to an actual or perceived cyberattack or other security breach or incident suffered by us or any of our third-party service providers could lead to negative publicity and any such disclosures, or any belief that a cybersecurity attack, or a security breach or incident, has impacted us, our platform, or our service providers may cause our learners, instructors, or UB customers to lose confidence in the security of our platform and the effectiveness of the cybersecurity measures we and our service providers utilize. 
 61 

Table of Content s 

 Further, any limitations of liability provisions in our customer and user agreements, contracts with third-party service providers, or other contracts may not be enforceable or adequate or otherwise protect us from any liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim relating to a security breach or incident or other security-related matter. While our insurance policies include liability coverage for certain of these matters, subject to applicable deductibles, any cybersecurity attack or other security breach or other incident, could subject us to claims or damages that exceed our insurance coverage. Our insurance coverage might not be adequate for liabilities actually incurred relating to any security breach or incident, such insurance may not continue to be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all, and insurers may deny us coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our continued growth partially depends on the ability of learners and instructors to access our platform at any time. Our platform has encountered, and may in the future encounter, disruptions, outages, and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new capabilities, human or technology errors, distributed denial of service attacks, or other security related incidents. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems in a timely manner. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the performance of our platform as it grows and becomes more complex, and in the future we may be required to allocate significant resources to augment and update our technology and network infrastructure. If learners or instructors are unable to access our platform within a reasonable amount of time, or at all, our business will be harmed. 
 Applicable regulations that permit ISPs to limit internet consumption could harm our business. 
 The current legislative and regulatory landscape regarding the regulation of the Internet and, in particular, Internet neutrality, in the United States is subject to uncertainty. In 2018, the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC repealed its open internet rules, which prohibited internet service providers from charging content providers higher rates in order to deliver their content over certain fast traffic lanes. In response, California and several other U.S. states have implemented their own open internet or net neutrality rules, and in 2024, the FCC voted to reinstate, with certain modifications, its open internet rules. We cannot predict the outcome of any litigation or whether the FCC order or state initiatives regulating providers will be modified, overturned, or vacated by legal action, federal legislation, or the degree to which this repeal would adversely affect our business, if at all. Similarly, the EU requires equal access to internet content, but as part of its Digital Single Market initiative, the EU may impose network security and disability access requirements, which could increase our costs. Outside these jurisdictions, government regulation of the internet, including the idea of network neutrality, may be developing or non-existent. It is possible that governments of one or more foreign countries may seek to censor content available on our platform or may even attempt to block access to our platform. If we are restricted from operating in one or more countries, our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, and customers may be adversely affected and we may not be able to grow our business as we anticipate. 
 We rely on Amazon Web Services for a substantial portion of our platform services. Any disruption of, or interference with, our use of Amazon Web Services could negatively impact our business and operations. 
 Amazon Web Services provides distributed computing infrastructure platforms for business operations, commonly referred to as cloud computing services. We currently run a significant portion of our platform s computing on Amazon Web Services, and any significant disruption of, or interference with, our use of Amazon Web Services would negatively impact our operations and our business would be seriously harmed. If learners or instructors are unable to access our platform through Amazon Web Services or encounter difficulties in doing so, we may lose learners, instructors, and UB customers. The level of service provided by Amazon Web Services may also impact the adoption and perception of our platform. If Amazon Web Services experiences interruptions in service regularly or for a prolonged basis, or other similar issues, our business would be seriously harmed. Hosting costs will also increase if and as our base of learners, instructors, and UB customers grows, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to grow our revenue faster than the cost of using Amazon Web Services or similar providers increases. 
 62 

Table of Content s 

 Amazon Web Services may take actions beyond our control that could seriously harm our business, including discontinuing or limiting access to Amazon Web Services, increasing pricing terms, terminating our contract, establishing more favorable terms with one or more of our competitors, and modifying or interpreting its terms of service or other policies in a manner that impacts our ability to administer our business and operations. 
 Our payments system depends on third-party providers and is subject to evolving laws and regulations. 
 We rely on third-party payment processors to process payments made by learners and customers, and to instructors, on our platform. We have engaged third-party service providers to perform underlying card processing, currency exchange, identity verification, and fraud analysis services. If these service providers do not perform adequately or if our relationships with these service providers end for any reason, we will need to find an alternate payment processor and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such payment processors in an acceptable time frame. Further, the software and services provided by our third-party payment processors may not meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised, or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our ability to accept online payments, make payments to our instructors or conduct other payment transactions, any of which could make our platform less convenient and attractive and harm our ability to attract and retain learners, instructors, and customers. In addition, if these providers increase the fees they charge us, our operating expenses could increase. 
 The laws and regulations related to payments are complex and vary across different jurisdictions in the United States and globally. As a result, we are required to spend significant time and effort to comply with those laws and regulations. Any failure or claim of our failure to comply, or any failure by our third-party service providers to comply, could cost us substantial resources, result in liabilities, or force us to stop offering certain third-party payment services. In addition, as we expand our international operations, we will need to accommodate international payment method alternatives. As we expand the availability of new payment methods in the future, including internationally, we may become subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements. 
 Further, through our agreement with our third-party credit card processors, we are indirectly subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. We are also subject to rules governing electronic funds transfers. Any change in these rules and requirements could make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to additional fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our learners and UB customers, process electronic funds transfers or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The use of our platform could be adversely affected if our mobile solutions are not effective. 
 Learners have been increasingly accessing our platform on mobile devices through our Udemy and UB apps in recent years. The smaller screen size and reduced functionality associated with some mobile devices may make the use of our platform more difficult. Those accessing our platform primarily on mobile devices may not enroll in the courses offered on our platform as often as those accessing our platform through personal computers, which could result in less revenue for us. If we are not able to provide a rewarding experience on mobile devices, our ability to attract learners to our platform could be impaired, and consequently our business may suffer. 
 As new mobile devices and mobile features are released, we may encounter problems in developing or supporting apps for them. In addition, supporting new devices and mobile device operating systems may require substantial time and resources. 
 The success of our mobile apps could also be harmed by factors outside our control, including: 
 actions taken by mobile app distributors, including the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store; 
 unfavorable treatment received by our mobile apps, especially as compared to competing apps, such as the placement of our mobile apps in a mobile app download store; 
 increased costs in the distribution and use our mobile app; or 
 changes in mobile operating systems, such as iOS and Android, that degrade the functionality of our mobile website or mobile apps or that give preferential treatment to competitive offerings. 
 If our learners encounter difficulty accessing or using, or if they choose not to use, our mobile platform, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 63 

Table of Content s 

 Internet search engines drive traffic to our platform and, if we fail to appear prominently in search results, our growth rate could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Many learners find our website through internet search engines, like Google. A critical factor in attracting learners to our website is how prominently we are displayed in response to search queries. Search engine companies typically provide two types of search results: algorithmic listings and paid advertisements. We rely on both types of search results to attract visitors to our website. Algorithmic search result listings are determined and displayed in accordance with a set of proprietary formulas or algorithms developed by particular search engine companies. From time to time, these companies revise their algorithms without notice. In some instances, these modifications have caused our website to be listed less prominently in search results. In addition, search engine companies retain broad discretion to remove from search results any company whose marketing practices are deemed to be inconsistent with the search engine companies guidelines. If our marketing practices violate or appear to violate search engine company guidelines, we may, without warning, not appear in search result listings at all. If we are listed less prominently or fail to appear in search result listings for any reason, visits by prospective learners to our website would likely decline. We may not be able to replace this traffic and any attempt to do so may require us to increase our sales and marketing expenditures, which may not be offset by additional revenue and could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Risks related to our intellectual property 
 We may be unable to adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary information, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is critical to our success. We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names, copyrights, and trademarks to protect our competitive advantage, all of which offer only limited protection. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property, including physical, operational, and managerial protections of our confidential information, contractual obligations of confidentiality, assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, license agreements, and the prosecution and maintenance of registrations and applications for registration of intellectual property rights, require significant resources and may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our competitive advantage if we are unable to establish, protect, maintain, or enforce our rights or if we do not detect or are unable to address unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of our proprietary information may be unenforceable under the laws of certain jurisdictions. 
 We hold various registered trademarks in the United States and in fore ign jurisdictions. We also have common law rights in some trademarks and pending trademark applications in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.udemy.com and some other variations. Competitors may adopt service names or domain names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to user confusion. In addition, our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names could be declared generic, and there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build and maintain name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. Effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which our products are made available, in every class of goods and services in which we operate, and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. Additionally, we may from time to time be subject to opposition or similar proceedings with respect to applications for registrations of our intellectual property, including trademarks. While we aim to acquire adequate protection of our brand through trademark registrations in key markets, occasionally third parties may have already registered or otherwise acquired rights to identical or similar marks for services that also address our market. We rely on our brand and trademarks to identify our platform and to differentiate our platform and services from those of our competitors, and if we are unable to adequately protect our trademarks, third parties may use our brand names or trademarks similar to ours in a manner that may cause confusion in the market, which could decrease the value of our brand and adversely affect our business and competitive advantages. 
 
 64 

Table of Content s 

 We hold a small number of issued patents and thus have a limited ability to exclude or prevent our competitors from implementing technology, methods, and processes similar to our own. Further, we may not timely or successfully apply for a patent or register its trademarks or otherwise secure rights in our intellectual property. We expect to continue to expand internationally and, in some foreign countries, the mechanisms to establish and enforce intellectual property rights may be inadequate to protect our technology, which could harm our business. 
 It is our policy to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with the parties with whom we have strategic relationships. The confidentiality agreements on which we rely to protect certain technologies may be breached, may not be adequate to protect our confidential information, trade secrets, and proprietary technologies, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, trade secrets, or proprietary technology. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or others from independently developing products that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours. 
 Our intellectual property rights and the enforcement or defense of such rights may be affected by developments or uncertainty in laws and regulations relating to intellectual property rights. Moreover, many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of our intellectual property or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property rights generally. 
 Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property and misappropriation of our technology and trade secrets is difficult and we may not always be aware of such unauthorized use or misappropriation. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized third parties may attempt to use, copy, or otherwise obtain and market or distribute our technology or otherwise develop services with the same or similar functionality as our platform. If our competitors infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights and we are not able to enforce our rights, or if our competitors are able to develop a platform with the same or similar functionality as ours without infringing our intellectual property, our competitive advantage and results of operations could be harmed. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. As a result, we may be aware of infringement by our competitors but may choose not to bring litigation to protect our intellectual property rights due to the cost, time, and distraction of bringing such litigation. Furthermore, if we do decide to bring litigation, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits challenging or opposing our right to use and otherwise exploit particular intellectual property, services, and technology or the enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our platform, prevent or delay introductions of new or enhanced solutions, result in us substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our platform, or injure our reputation. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to developing and protecting their technology or intellectual property rights than we do. 
 65 

Table of Content s 

 Intellectual property litigation, including litigation related to content available on our platform, could result in significant costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 Companies in the technology industry are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We periodically receive notices that claim we have infringed, misappropriated, or misused other parties intellectual property rights, including with respect to content made available on our platform by instructors and other third parties. As we gain greater public recognition, we may face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property claims. Any intellectual property claims against us, with or without merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or litigate and could divert the attention of our management. Some of our competitors have extensive portfolios of issued patents. Many potential litigants, including some of our competitors and patent holding companies, have the ability to dedicate substantial resources to enforcing their intellectual property rights. Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is inherently uncertain due to the complex issues involved, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves in such matters. Furthermore, we may not qualify for the safe harbors established by laws in the United States and other countries protecting online service providers from claims related to content posted by users, or those laws could change in a manner making it difficult or impossible to qualify for such protection, increasing our exposure. While our terms and policies require instructors to respect the intellectual property rights of others, we have limited ability to influence the behavior of third parties, and there can be no assurance that these terms and policies will be sufficient to dissuade or prevent infringing activity by third parties on our platform. For more information, see Risks related to our business and operations We could face liability, or our reputation might be harmed, as a result of courses posted to our platform. 
 Any claims successfully brought against us could subject us to significant liability for damages and we may be required to stop using technology or other intellectual property alleged to be in violation of a third party s rights. We also might be required to seek a license for third-party intellectual property. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties or submit to unreasonable terms, which would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit our service and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our business. 
 Our platform contains third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to provide our platform. 
 We use open source software in our platform and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. In addition, we contribute software source code to open source projects under open source licenses or release internal software projects under open source licenses and anticipate continuing to do so in the future. Additionally, under some open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with certain open source software in a certain manner, certain proprietary software (including our own software) or other intellectual property rights could become subject to obligations to be disclosed in source code form and licensed, including for the purpose of enabling further modification and distribution, and at no charge or for only a nominal fee. Third parties may also seek to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license through litigation which, if successful, could subject us to liability and require us to make our proprietary software source code available under an open source license, seek to purchase a license (which, if available, could be costly), and cease offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to complete it successfully. Many of the terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products or services. While we try to insulate our proprietary code from the effects of such open source license provisions, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful, that all open source software is reviewed prior to use in our products, that our developers have not incorporated open source software into our products in potentially disruptive ways, or that they will not do so in the future. In addition to risks related to open source license requirements, use of certain open source software may pose greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, since open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 66 

Table of Content s 

 Risks related to financial reporting, taxation, and operations as a public company 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, lead to a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 As a public company, we are required to comply with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, among other things, requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers. 
 Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The cost of our compliance with Section 404 will continue to divert resources and take significant time and effort. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq . Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate for a variety of reasons, including changes in conditions in our business. Moreover, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal additional deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. Our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting are not expected to prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Any failure to implement and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including the identification of one or more material weaknesses, could cause investors to lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements and reports, which would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, and other regulatory authorities. 
 Operating as a public company requires us to incur substantial costs and administrative burdens, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a public company, we are subject to additional reporting and other obligations, such as the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq. Compliance with these rules and regulations results in legal and financial compliance costs and places demands on our systems. Our recent loss of emerging growth company status has required additional attention from management and will result in increased costs to us, which could include higher legal fees, accounting fees and fees associated with investor relations activities, among others. As a public company, we may also be subject to stockholder activism, which can lead to additional substantial costs, distract management, and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Our business and financial condition will become more visible as a result of our reporting obligations as a public company, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors. 
 Many members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 67 

Table of Content s 

 Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities, including as a result of our international operations or implementation of new tax rules, could harm our future results of operations. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws, rates, treaties, and regulations or the interpretation of the same, changes to the financial accounting rules for income taxes, the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations or administrative appeals, certain non-deductible expenses and the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. For example, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which imposes a 15 alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development proposed a 15 global minimum tax, which has been adopted by the European Union effective from January 1, 2024. Increases in our effective tax rate would reduce profitability or increase losses. In addition, we are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. Changes in tax and trade laws, treaties, or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could have a material adverse effect on our tax position. We made significant judgments and assumptions in the interpretation of new laws and in our calculations reflected in our financial statements. 
 Further, we are subject to examination by tax authorities on income, employment, sales, and other tax matters. While we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from such examinations and the adequacy of our provision for taxes, there can be no assurance that such provision is sufficient and that a determination by a tax authority would not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We believe our income, employment, and transactional tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, but an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period. 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we have not properly collected or remitted, or in the future should collect or remit, sales and use, gross receipts, value added, or similar taxes, or employment, payroll, or withholding taxes, and may successfully impose additional obligations on us, and any such assessments, obligations, or inaccuracies could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The application of non-income, or indirect, taxes, such as sales and use tax, value-added tax, goods and services tax, business tax, and gross receipt tax, to businesses like ours is a complex and evolving issue. Significant judgment is required on an ongoing basis to evaluate applicable tax obligations, and as a result, amounts recorded are estimates and are subject to adjustments. In many cases, the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it is not clear how new and existing statutes might apply to our business. In addition, we do not collect and remit indirect taxes in all jurisdictions in which we operate on the basis that such indirect taxes are not applicable to us. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect and remit such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest, could discourage learners, instructors, or organizations from using our platform, could increase the cost for consumers using our platform, or could otherwise harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, one or more states, localities, or other taxing jurisdictions may seek to impose additional reporting, record-keeping, or indirect tax collection obligations on businesses like ours. Requiring tax reporting or collection could decrease learner or instructor activity, which would harm our business, and could require us to incur substantial costs in order to comply, including costs associated with tax calculation, collection, and remittance and audit requirements, which could make our offerings less attractive and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Also, tax rules of certain countries, including the United States, generally require payors to report payments to unrelated parties to the applicable taxing authority and to withhold a percentage of certain amounts and remit such amounts to the applicable taxing authority. Failure to comply with such reporting and withholding obligations with respect to payments we make to our instructors could result in the imposition of liabilities for the under withheld amounts, fines, and penalties. In addition, a tax authority could assert that we should be withholding employment or other taxes from payments to instructors. Due to our large number of instructors and the amounts paid to each, process failures with respect to these reporting obligations could result in financial liability and other consequences to us if we were unable to remedy such failures in a timely manner. 
 68 

Table of Content s 

 As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and any such difference may adversely affect our results of operations in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 W e have incurred net operating losses NOLs since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses in the near future. As such, there is a risk that our existing NOLs could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities if we do not achieve profitability. This may require us to pay federal income taxes in future years even if our NOLs were otherwise sufficient to offset our federal taxable income in such years. There is also a risk that due to regulatory and economic changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Similar or different limitations may apply under state laws. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our NOLs and other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the realization of the future benefits of these assets. If our NOLs and other tax attributes expire before utilization or are subject to limitations, our business and financial results could be harmed. 
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and federal tax credit carryforwards to offset its post-change taxable income, or reduce its federal income tax liability, may be limited. In general, an ownership change occurs when there is a cumulative change in our equity ownership by 5 percent shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Certain of our gross U.S. federal NOLs are subject to this limitation as a result of these ownership changes, and if it is determined that we have experienced additional ownership changes, our ability to use our NOLs and federal tax credit carryforwards to reduce future taxable income and tax liabilities may be further limited. Similar limitations may apply under state tax laws. 
 Our results of operations, which we report in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected if currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future. 
 We conduct our business across more than 180 countries a round the world. As we continue to expand our international operations, we will become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. This exposure is the result of selli ng in multiple currencies and operating in foreign countries where the functional currency is the local currency. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 27 of our sales were denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, including euros, Indian rupees, British pounds sterling, Brazilian reais, and Japanese yen. Our expenses, by contrast, are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, any increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies may cause our revenue to decline relative to our costs, thereby decreasing our gross margins. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars, but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could materially impact our results of operations. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge exposures to non-U.S. dollar currencies. 
 
 69 

Table of Content s 

 We could be adversely impacted by the effects of inflation. 
 Certain of our key markets, including the United States, are experiencing historically high rates of inflation, resulting from several macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including supply chain constraints and rising oil and natural gas prices. Our operating costs have increased and may continue to increase due to rising inflation and as a result we may be required to take measures to respond to the impact of inflation. Among other things, we could be required to change our pricing model to offset inflationary pressures on our operating costs, but doing so could adversely affect customer acquisition and retention, negatively impacting our long-term growth, and could impair our competitive position if our competitors choose to absorb the cost of inflation. Alternatively, if we choose to absorb the cost of inflation to prioritize growth, our financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted. Moreover, our instructors may independently make pricing decisions with respect to the courses they offer on our platform as a result of inflationary pressures, and any price increase could negatively impact the attractiveness of our marketplace to learners. Inflation has also contributed to higher interest rates, which may make it more difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms, should we choose to pursue additional financing in the future. 
 In any case, there can be no assurance that any measures we take to mitigate or address the impact of inflation will be effective. Even if such mitigatory measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred. 
 Any failure to successfully manage the impact of inflation on our business in a timely manner could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported results of operations and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. It is difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which could negatively affect our reported results of operations. 
 Risks related to ownership of our common stock 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The market price of our common stock has, and may continue to, fluctuate substantially depending on a number of factors, including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 
 volatility in the trading prices and trading volumes of technology stocks; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet those projections; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of new services or platform features; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 
 rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 
 70 

Table of Content s 

 actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses, or the competitive landscape generally; 
 litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 
 actual or perceived privacy or security breaches or other incidents; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses, services, or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 any significant change in our management; 
 general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from wars and other armed conflicts, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, public health emergencies, or natural disasters, as well as responses to any of these events. 
 In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 Future sales of our common stock could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale, or the perception in the market that such sales could occur. 
 Certain holders of our common stock are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act under our investors rights agreement. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares held by our affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act), which shares would be subject to the limitations of Rule 144. Sales of our securities or the perception that such sales could occur pursuant to these registration rights may make it more difficult for us to issue and sell securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales could also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock. 
 Future issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution to our stockholders and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 We may issue additional common stock, convertible securities, or other equity from time to time. We also expect to issue common stock to our employees, directors, and other service providers pursuant to our equity incentive plans. Such issuances will be dilutive to investors and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. New investors in such issuances could also receive rights senior to those of holders of our common stock. 
 71 

Table of Content s 

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business or our industry, or if they change their recommendation regarding our common stock adversely, the market price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. The analysts estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations. If any of the analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our common stock adversely, provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets and demand for our securities could decrease, which could cause the price and trading volume of our common stock to decline. 
 We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends to holders of our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their shares of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 Our directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders beneficially own a substantial percentage of our common stock and are able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our directors, executive officers, and holders of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, together with their respective affiliates, beneficially owned shares representing approximately 52 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company and might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be fully implemented or that they will enhance long-term stockholder value. 
 Our board of directors previously authorized a share repurchase program under which we may repurchase up to a total of 150 million of our common stock, subject to certain limitations. As of September 30, 2024, we have repurchased approximately 15.1 million shares of our common stock with an aggregate principal value of 141.3 million under the share repurchase program. We have funded all repurchases under this program with existing cash and cash equivalents, and expect to do so for future activity under this plan. Under the program, share repurchases may be made at our discretion from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares of our common stock. The timing and amount of repurchases under the program will be determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. Our board of directors may review the program periodically and may authorize adjustments of their terms, if appropriate. As a result, there can be no guarantee around the timing or volume of our share repurchases. The program could affect the price of our common stock, increase volatility and diminish our cash reserves. Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 introduced a 1 excise tax on share repurchases, which increases the costs associated with repurchasing shares of our common stock. The program may be suspended or terminated at any time and, even if fully implemented, may not enhance long-term stockholder value. Refer to Part II, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws might delay, discourage or prevent a merger, tender offer or proxy contest, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. 
 72 

Table of Content s 

 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make any acquisition of our company more difficult or delay or prevent changes in control of our management. Among other things, these provisions: 
 provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; 
 authorize our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval; 
 provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors; 
 provide that all vacancies on our board of directors and all newly created directorships may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, except as otherwise required by law, our governing documents or resolution of our board of directors, and subject to the rights of the holders of our preferred stock; 
 establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving staggered three-year terms; 
 provide that a director may only be removed from the board of directors by the stockholders for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors; 
 prohibit cumulative voting (therefore allowing the holders of a plurality of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose); 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent; 
 require that stockholders give advance notice to nominate directors or submit proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings; 
 provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the entire board of directors, the Chairperson of the board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our President; 
 provide that, unless we otherwise consent in writing, a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws, or (4) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine; 
 provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act; and 
 require a super-majority vote of stockholders to amend some of the provisions described above. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay, discourage, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 73 

Table of Content s 

 Our amended and restated bylaws provide, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders, or employees and, in turn, discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, stockholders, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders; any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws; and any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against any person in connection with any offering of our securities. The enforceability of similar exclusive federal forum provisions in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and while the Delaware Supreme Court and certain other state courts have ruled that this type of exclusive federal forum provision is facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts would enforce such provisions and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. This exclusive federal forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may discourage lawsuits against us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders, and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find either exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Our Board of Directors has approved a share repurchase program with authorization to purchase up to 150 million of Udemy common stock. We may repurchase shares of common stock from time to time through open market purchases, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The number of shares to be repurchased and the timing of the repurchases, if any, will depend on several factors, including, without limitation, business, economic, and market conditions, corporate, legal, and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, trading volume, and other considerations. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate us to acquire any amount of common stock. 
 
 74 

Table of Content s 

 The following table presents details of our monthly share repurchases for the third quarter of 2024: 
 
 Period 
 Total number of shares purchased 
 Average price paid per share 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be repurchased under the program (in thousands) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 1,961,639 8.57 1,961,639 42,783 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 2,598,313 7.66 2,598,313 22,876 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 1,759,987 8.05 1,759,987 8,711 Total 
 6,319,939 8.05 6,319,939 8,711 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the last fiscal quarter, no director or officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K during the last fiscal quarter. 

75 

Table of Content s 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are herein incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 76 

Table of Content s 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 001-40956 3.1 November 2, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 10-K 
 001-40956 3.2 
 February 27, 2023 
 10.1 + 
 Udemy, Inc. Outside Director Compensation Policy (as amended September 1, 2024) 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

77 

Table of Content s 

 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Form 10-Q are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Udemy, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 78 

Table of Content s 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Udemy, Inc. Date: October 30, 2024 
 By: /s/ Greg Brown Greg Brown President and Chief Executive Officer Date: October 30, 2024 
 By: /s/ Sarah Blanchard Sarah Blanchard Chief Financial Officer 

79 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 udemy-10xq_exx101q32024.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 UDEMY, INC. 
 OUTSIDE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY 
 (Originally adopted and approved September 15, 2021, and effective as of October 28, 2021 as amended May 12, 2023, November 16, 2023, May 15, 2024, and September 1, 2024) 
 Udemy, Inc. (the Company believes that providing cash and equity compensation to members of its Board of Directors (the Board , and members of the Board, the Directors represents an effective tool to attract, retain, and reward Directors who are not employees of the Company (the Outside Directors ). This Outside Director Compensation Policy (the Policy is intended to formalize the Company s policy regarding cash compensation and grants of equity awards to its Outside Directors. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Policy will have the meaning given such term in the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (or if such plan no longer is in use at the time of the grant of an equity award, the meaning given such term or any similar term in the equity plan then in place under which such equity award is granted) (such applicable plan, the Plan ). Each Outside Director will be solely responsible for any tax obligations incurred by such Outside Director as a result of the equity awards and cash and other compensation such Outside Director receives under this Policy. 
 1. Cash Compensation . 
 a. Annual Cash Retainers for Service as Outside Director . Each Outside Director will be paid a cash retainer of 40,000 per year. There are no per meeting attendance fees for attending Board meetings or meetings of any committee of the Board. 
 b. Additional Annual Cash Retainers for Service as Chairperson, Lead Independent Director, Committee Chair, and Committee Member . Each Outside Director who serves as the Chairperson, Lead Independent Director, or chair or a member of a committee of the Board will be eligible to earn additional annual fees as follows 
 
 Chairperson of the Board 60,000 
 Lead Independent Director 20,000 
 Audit Committee Chair 20,000 
 Member of Audit Committee 10,000 
 Compensation Committee Chair 14,500 
 Member of Compensation Committee 7,000 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Chair 9,000 
 Member of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 4,000 
 
 For clarity, each Outside Director who serves as the chair of a committee will receive only the additional annual fee as the chair of the committee and not the additional annual fee as a member of such committee while serving as such chair, provided that the Outside Director who serves as 

the Chairperson or Lead Independent Director will receive the annual fee as an Outside Director and the additional annual fee as the Chairperson or Lead Independent Director. 
 c. Payments . Each annual cash retainer under this Policy will be paid quarterly in arrears on a prorated basis to each Outside Director who has served in the relevant capacity at any point during the immediately preceding fiscal quarter of the Company Fiscal Quarter ), and such payment will be made no later than 30 days following the end of such immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter. For purposes of clarity, an Outside Director who has served as an Outside Director, as a member of an applicable committee (or chair thereof) during only a portion of the relevant Fiscal Quarter will receive a prorated payment of the quarterly payment of the applicable annual cash retainer(s), calculated based on the number of days during such Fiscal Quarter such Outside Director has served in the relevant capacities. 
 2. Elections to Receive Restricted Stock Units in Lieu of Cash Retainer Payments. 
 a. Retainer Awards . Each Outside Director may elect to convert all or a portion of his or her cash retainer payments with respect to a calendar year into a number of Restricted Stock Units Retainer RSUs , and an Award of such Retainer RSUs, a Retainer Award with a Value on the date of grant equal to the amount of the applicable cash retainer payments to which the Retainer Award relates, provided that any resulting fraction shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share (such election, a Retainer RSU Election ). Retainer Awards shall be subject to certain terms and conditions as provided for in Section 3, below. 
 b. Retainer RSU Election Mechanics . Each Retainer RSU Election must be submitted to the Company s Legal department in the form and manner specified by the Board or Compensation Committee. An individual who fails to make a timely Retainer RSU Election shall not receive Retainer Awards and instead shall receive the applicable cash retainer payments. Retainer RSU Elections must comply with the following timing requirements 
 i. Initial Election . Each individual who first becomes an Outside Director may make a Retainer RSU Election with respect to cash retainer payments scheduled to be paid in the same calendar year as such individual first becomes an Outside Director (the Initial Election ). The Initial Election must be submitted to the Company s Legal department on or prior to the date that the individual first becomes an Outside Director (the Initial Election Deadline ), and the Initial Election shall become irrevocable effective as of the Initial Election Deadline. 
 ii. Annual Election . Subject to the last sentence of this paragraph, by no later than December 31 of each calendar year, or such earlier deadline as may be established by the Board or the Compensation Committee, in its discretion (the Annual Election Deadline ), each individual who is an Outside Director as of immediately prior to the Annual Election Deadline may make a Retainer RSU Election with respect to cash retainer payments relating to services to be performed in the following calendar year and otherwise scheduled to be paid following the completion of those services (the Annual Election ). The Annual Election must be submitted to the Company s Legal department on or prior to the applicable Annual 
 2 

Election Deadline and shall become irrevocable effective as of the Annual Election Deadline. For avoidance of doubt, the Annual Election Deadline hereunder for cash retainer payments earned for service in 2024 shall be December 31, 2023. 
 c. Termination Prior to Date of Grant of Retainer Award . If an Outside Director who has made a valid Retainer RSU Election ceases to be an Outside Director prior to the applicable grant date of the Retainer Award to which the Retainer RSU Election relates, as specified in Section 3 of this Policy, the Retainer RSU Election will be treated as cancelled, and the Outside Director will be eligible to receive a prorated payment of the Outside Director s applicable cash retainer for the Fiscal Quarter to which such cash retainer relates, calculated based on the number of days during the applicable Fiscal Quarter the Outside Director served in the relevant capacities, in accordance with Section 1(c) of this Policy (such payment, the Prorated Cash Retainer Payment ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Deferral Election (as defined in Section 3(f) of this Policy) that would have applied to a Retainer Award that is not granted due to the cancellation of the applicable Retainer RSU Election will continue to apply to the corresponding Prorated Cash Retainer Payment. 
 
 3. Equity Compensation. Outside Directors will be eligible to receive all types of Awards (except Incentive Stock Options) under the Plan, including discretionary Awards not covered under this Policy. All grants of Awards to Outside Directors pursuant to Section 3 of this Policy will be automatic and nondiscretionary, except as otherwise provided herein, and will be made in accordance with the following provisions 
 a. No Discretion . No person will have any discretion to select which Outside Directors will be granted any Awards under this Policy or to determine the number of Shares to be covered by such Awards, except as provided in Sections 3(e) and 10 below. 
 b. Initial Awards . Each individual who first becomes an Outside Director will be granted an award of Restricted Stock Units (an Initial Award covering a number of Shares having a Value (as defined below) of 380,000, with any resulting fraction rounded down to the nearest whole Share. The Initial Award will be granted automatically on the first Trading Day on or after the date on which such individual first becomes an Outside Director (the first date as an Outside Director, the Initial Start Date ), whether through election by the Company s stockholders or appointment by the Board to fill a vacancy. If an individual was a member of the Board and also an employee, becoming an Outside Director due to termination of employment will not entitle the Outside Director to an Initial Award. Each Initial Award will be scheduled to vest as follows One third (1 3rd) of the Shares subject to the Initial Award will be scheduled to vest each year following the grant date on the same day of the month as the grant date (or, if there is no corresponding day in a particular month, then the last day of that month), in each case subject to the Outside Director continuing to be an Outside Director through the applicable vesting date. 
 c. Annual Award . On the first Trading Day immediately following each Annual Meeting of the Company s stockholders (an Annual Meeting ), each Outside Director automatically will be granted an award of Restricted Stock Units (an Annual Award covering 
 3 

a number of Shares having a Value of 190,000 provided that the first Annual Award granted to an individual who first becomes an Outside Director will have a Value equal to the product of (A) 190,000 multiplied by (B) a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the number of fully completed days between the applicable Initial Start Date and the date of the first Annual Meeting to occur after such individual first becomes an Outside Director, and (ii) the denominator of which is 365 and provided further that any resulting fraction shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. Each Annual Award will be scheduled to vest in full on the earlier of (i) the one-year anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the date of the next Annual Meeting following the grant date, in each case subject to the Outside Director continuing to be an Outside Director through the applicable vesting date. 
 d. Retainer Awards . Subject to Section 2(c) of this Policy, Retainer Awards will be granted on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, as applicable, immediately following the end of the Fiscal Quarter for which the corresponding cash retainer payment was earned, except that if such date is not a trading day, the associated grant of the applicable Retainer Award shall occur on the next trading day following such date. Each Retainer Award will be fully vested on the date of grant. 
 e. Additional Terms of Initial Awards, Annual Awards and Retainer Awards . Each Initial Award, Annual Award and Retainer Award will be granted under and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the applicable form of Award Agreement previously approved by the Board or its Compensation Committee, as applicable, for use thereunder. For purposes of this Policy, Value means the grant date fair value as determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or such other methodology the Board or any committee of the Board designed by the Board with appropriate authority (the Designated Committee ), as applicable, may determine prior to the grant of the applicable Award becoming effective. The Board or the Designated Committee, as applicable and in its discretion, may change and otherwise revise the terms of Initial Awards, Annual Awards and Retainer Awards granted under this Policy, including, without limitation, the number of Shares subject thereto and type of Award. 
 f. Deferral of Awards . Unless and until otherwise determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, each Outside Director may elect to defer the delivery of the Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Units granted under this Policy pursuant to an Initial Award, Annual Award or Retainer Award that would otherwise be delivered to such Outside Director on or following the date such Award vests pursuant to the terms of this Section 3, as applicable (the Deferral Election ). Any Deferral Election will be irrevocable, and will be subject to such rules, conditions and procedures as shall be determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, which rules, conditions and procedures shall at all times comply with the requirements of Section 409A (as defined below), unless otherwise specifically determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee. Deferral Elections shall be made pursuant to a form of deferral election as approved by the Board or the Compensation Committee. 
 4 

4. Other Compensation and Benefits. Outside Directors also may be eligible to receive other compensation and benefits, as may be determined by the Board or its Designated Committee, as applicable, from time to time. 
 5. Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, each Outside Director will fully vest in his or her outstanding Company equity awards as of immediately prior to a Change in Control, including any Initial Awards and Annual Awards, provided that the Outside Director continues to be an Outside Director through the date of the Change in Control. 
 6. Annual Compensation Limit. No Outside Director may be granted Awards with Values, and be provided cash retainers or fees, with amounts that, in any Fiscal Year, in the aggregate, exceed 750,000, provided that, in the Fiscal Year containing an Outside Director s Initial Start Date, such limit will be increased to 1,500,000. Any Awards or other compensation provided to an individual for his or her services as an Employee, or for his or her services as a Consultant other than as an Outside Director, will be excluded for purposes of the foregoing limit. 
 7. Travel Expenses. Each Outside Director s reasonable, customary, and properly documented out-of-pocket travel expenses to meetings of the Board and any of its committees, as applicable, will be reimbursed by the Company. 
 8. Code Section 409A. Except as provided otherwise in Section 2(c) of this Policy, in no event will cash compensation or expense reimbursement payments under this Policy be paid after the later of (a) the fifteenth (15 th day of the third (3 rd month following the end of the Company s taxable year in which the compensation is earned or expenses are incurred, as applicable, or (b) the fifteenth (15 th day of the third (3 rd month following the end of the calendar year in which the compensation is earned or expenses are incurred, as applicable, in compliance with the short-term deferral exception under Code Section 409A. It is the intent of this Policy that this Policy and all payments hereunder be exempt or excepted from or otherwise comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A so that none of the compensation to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Code Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or comply. In no event will the Company Group have any responsibility, liability, or obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless an Outside Director or any other person for any taxes imposed, or other costs incurred, as a result of Code Section 409A. 
 9. Stockholder Approval. The Policy was approved by the Company s stockholders prior to the Company s initial public offering. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the Policy will not be subject to approval by the Company s stockholders, including, for the avoidance of doubt, as a result of or in connection with an action taken with respect to this Policy as contemplated in Section 10. 
 10. Revisions. The Board or any Designated Committee may amend, alter, suspend, or terminate this Policy at any time and for any reason. No amendment, alteration, suspension, or termination of this Policy will materially impair the rights of an Outside Director with respect to compensation that already has been paid or awarded, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing 
 5 

between the Outside Director and the Company. Termination of this Policy will not affect the Board s or the Designated Committee s ability to exercise the powers granted to it with respect to Awards granted pursuant to this Policy prior to the date of such termination, including without limitation such applicable powers set forth in the Plan. 

6 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 udemy-10xq_exx311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. 
 I, Greg Brown, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Udemy, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 By s Greg Brown 
 Greg Brown President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 udemy-10xq_exx312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sarah Blanchard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Udemy, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 By s Sarah Blanchard 
 Sarah Blanchard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 udemy-10xq_exx321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Udemy, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Udemy, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Date October 30, 2024 
 By s Greg Brown 
 Greg Brown President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 udemy-10xq_exx322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Udemy, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Udemy, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Date October 30, 2024 
 
 By 
 s Sarah Blanchard 
 Sarah Blanchard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 udmy-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 udmy-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 udmy-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 udmy-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 udmy-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

