<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1212545_0001212545-24-000293.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31217177</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>194931</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2465260</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18493486</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4300246</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4830203</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001212545-24-000293.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031164239
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001212545-24-000293
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001212545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32550
		FILM NUMBER:		241415818

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE E. WASHINGTON STREET
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		602-389-3500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE E. WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001212545-24-000293.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 wal-20240930.htm
 10-Q

wal-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from__________ to __________ 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, Western Alliance Bancorporation had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Glossary of Entities and Terms 
 3 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Consolidated Income Statements 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 87 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 89 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 89 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 90 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 90 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 90 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 91 
 SIGNATURES 
 92 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 GLOSSARY OF ENTITIES AND TERMS 
 The acronyms and abbreviations identified below are used in various sections of this Form 10-Q, including "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in Item 2 and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 ENTITIES / DIVISIONS: ABA Alliance Bank of Arizona FIB First Independent Bank AmeriHome AmeriHome Mortgage Company, LLC TPB Torrey Pines Bank BON Bank of Nevada WA PWI Western Alliance Public Welfare Investments, LLC Bridge Bridge Bank WAB or Bank Western Alliance Bank Company Western Alliance Bancorporation and subsidiaries WABT Western Alliance Business Trust CSI CS Insurance Company WAL or Parent Western Alliance Bancorporation DST Digital Settlement Technologies LLC WATC Western Alliance Trust Company, N.A. TERMS: ACL Allowance for Credit Losses FOMC Federal Open Market Committee AFS Available-for-Sale FRB Federal Reserve Bank ALCO Asset and Liability Management Committee FVO Fair Value Option AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ASC Accounting Standards Codification GNMA Government National Mortgage Association ASU Accounting Standards Update GSE Government-Sponsored Enterprise Basel III Banking Supervision's December 2010 final capital framework HFI Held for Investment BOD Board of Directors HFS Held for Sale Capital Rules The FRB, the OCC, and the FDIC 2013 Approved Final Rules HTM Held-to-Maturity CDARS Certificate Deposit Account Registry Service HUD U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development CECL Current Expected Credit Losses ICS Insured Cash Sweep Service CEO Chief Executive Officer IRLC Interest Rate Lock Commitment CET1 Common Equity Tier 1 ISDA International Swaps and Derivatives Association CFO Chief Financial Officer LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate CLO Collateralized Loan Obligation LIHTC Low-Income Housing Tax Credit COVID-19 Coronavirus Disease 2019 MBS Mortgage-Backed Securities CRA Community Reinvestment Act MSR Mortgage Servicing Right CRE Commercial Real Estate NPV Net Present Value DTA Deferred Tax Asset OCI Other Comprehensive Income EaR Earnings-at-Risk PPNR Pre-Provision Net Revenue EBO Early buyout SEC Securities and Exchange Commission ECR Earnings credit rates SERP Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan EPS Earnings per share SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate ESG Environmental, Social, and Governance TDR Troubled Debt Restructuring EVE Economic Value of Equity TEB Tax Equivalent Basis Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended TSR Total Shareholder Return FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board UPB Unpaid Principal Balance FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation USDA United States Department of Agriculture FHA Federal Housing Administration VA Veterans Affairs FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank VIE Variable Interest Entity FHLMC Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation XBRL eXtensible Business Reporting Language FNMA Federal National Mortgage Association 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions, except shares and per share amounts) Assets: Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits in other financial institutions Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities - AFS, at fair value; amortized cost of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 (ACL of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Investment securities - HTM, at amortized cost and net of ACL of and (fair value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Investment securities - equity Investments in restricted stock, at cost Loans HFS Loans HFI, net of deferred fees and costs Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans held for investment Mortgage servicing rights Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right of use asset Bank owned life insurance Goodwill and intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Investments in LIHTC and renewable energy Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Other borrowings Qualifying debt Operating lease liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) and liquidation value per share of ; authorized; depositary shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Common stock (par value ; authorized; shares issued at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) and additional paid in capital 
 Treasury stock, at cost shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except per share amounts) Interest income: Loans, including fees Investment securities Dividends and other Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Qualifying debt Other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Net gain on loan origination and sale activities Service charges and loan fees Net loan servicing revenue Income from equity investments Gain (loss) on sales of investment securities ) Fair value gain (loss) adjustments, net ) Gain (loss) on recovery from credit guarantees ) ) Other income Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Deposit costs Salaries and employee benefits Data processing Insurance Legal, professional, and directors' fees Loan servicing expenses Occupancy Business development and marketing Loan acquisition and origination expenses Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Other expense Total non-interest expense Income before provision for income taxes Income tax expense Net income Dividends on preferred stock Net income available to common stockholders Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Dividends declared per common share 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net: Unrealized gain (loss) on AFS securities, net of tax effect of ), , ), and respectively 
 ) ) Unrealized (loss) on SERP, net of tax effect of , , , and , respectively 
 ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on junior subordinated debt, net of tax effect of , , , and ) respectively 
 ) ) ) Realized (gain) loss on sale of AFS securities included in income, net of tax effect of , , , and ) respectively 
 ) ) ) Realized loss on impairment of AFS securities included in income, net of tax effect of , , , and ) respectively 
 Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount (in millions) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Restricted stock, performance stock units, and other grants, net Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Restricted stock, performance stock units, and other grants, net ) Restricted stock surrendered (1) ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) Other comprehensive income, net Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount (in millions) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Restricted stock, performance stock units, and other grants, net Restricted stock surrendered (1) ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Restricted stock, performance stock units, and other grants, net Restricted stock surrendered (1) ) ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) Other comprehensive income, net Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of net discounts for investment securities ) ) Amortization of tax credit investments Amortization of operating lease right of use asset Amortization of net deferred loan fees and net purchase premiums ) ) Purchases and originations of loans HFS ) ) Proceeds from sales and payments on loans HFS Mortgage servicing rights capitalized upon sale of mortgage loans ) ) Net losses (gains) on: Change in fair value of loans HFS, mortgage servicing rights, and related derivatives ) Fair value adjustments ) Sale of investment securities ) Extinguishment of debt ) Other ) Other assets and liabilities, net Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Investment securities - AFS Purchases ) ) Principal pay downs and maturities Proceeds from sales Investment securities - HTM Purchases ) ) Principal pay downs and maturities Equity securities carried at fair value Purchases ) ) Redemptions Proceeds from sales Proceeds from sale of mortgage servicing rights and related holdbacks, net Sale (purchase) of other investments ) Net (increase) decrease in loans HFI ) Purchase of premises, equipment, and other assets, net ) ) Purchase of bank owned life insurance ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in millions) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) Net proceeds from repurchase obligations Payments on repurchase obligations ) Cash paid for tax withholding on vested restricted stock and other ) ) Cash dividends paid on common and preferred stock ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure: Cash paid (received) during the period for: Interest Income taxes, net ) Non-cash activities: Transfers of mortgage-backed securities in settlement of secured borrowings Transfers of securitized loans HFS to AFS securities Transfers of loans HFI to HFS, net of fair value loss adjustment (1) Transfers of loans HFS to HFI, at amortized cost 
 million and million, respectively, of loans transferred with an original designation of HFS, which sales activity was classified as operating cash flows. 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11 

Table of Contents 

unconsolidated subsidiaries used as business trusts in connection with the issuance of trust-preferred securities. 
 WAB has the following significant wholly-owned subsidiaries: 1) WABT, which holds certain investment securities, municipal and nonprofit loans, and leases; 2) WA PWI, which holds interests in certain limited partnerships invested primarily in low income housing tax credits and small business investment corporations; 3) Helios Prime, which holds interests in certain limited partnerships invested in renewable energy projects; 4) BW Real Estate, Inc., which operates as a real estate investment trust and 
 12 

Table of Contents 

13 

Table of Contents 

 ) Private label residential MBS ) Total HTM securities ) Available-for-sale debt securities Residential MBS issued by GSEs ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Private label residential MBS ) Tax-exempt ) Commercial MBS issued by GSEs ) CLO ) Corporate debt securities ) Other ) Total AFS debt securities ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized (Losses) Fair Value (in millions) Held-to-maturity Tax-exempt ) Private label residential MBS ) Total HTM securities ) Available-for-sale debt securities U.S. Treasury securities ) Residential MBS issued by GSEs ) CLO ) Private label residential MBS ) Tax-exempt ) Commercial MBS issued by GSEs ) Corporate debt securities ) Other ) Total AFS debt securities ) 
 In addition, the Company held equity securities, which primarily consisted of preferred stock and CRA investments, with a fair value of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Unrealized gains on equity securities of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and unrealized gains of million and losses of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, were recognized in earnings as a component of Fair value gain (loss) adjustments, net. 
 Securities with carrying amounts of approximately billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged for various purposes as required or permitted by law. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Treasury securities Private label residential MBS Tax-exempt Commercial MBS issued by GSEs CLO Corporate debt securities (1) Other Total AFS securities 
 (1) Includes securities with an ACL that have a fair value of million and unrealized losses of million. 
 December 31, 2023 Less Than Twelve Months More Than Twelve Months Total Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (in millions) Available-for-sale debt securities U.S. Treasury securities Residential MBS issued by GSEs Private label residential MBS CLO Tax-exempt Corporate debt securities (1) Commercial MBS issued by GSEs Other Total AFS securities 
 (1) Includes securities with an ACL that have a fair value of million and unrealized losses of million. 
 The total number of AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2024 was , compared to at December 31, 2023. 
 On a quarterly basis, the Company performs an impairment analysis on its AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position at the end of the period to determine whether credit losses should be recognized on these securities. 
 Qualitative considerations made by the Company in its impairment analysis are further discussed below. 
 Government Issued Securities 
 U.S. Treasury securities and commercial and residential MBS are issued by either government agencies or GSEs. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government and are highly rated by major rating agencies. Further, principal and interest payments on these securities continue to be made on a timely basis. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million and million were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to a provision for credit losses of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included recognition of a million charge-off for one debt security issued by a regional bank that was sold. The Company does not intend to sell and it is more likely than not the Company will not be required to sell the remainder of these regional bank debt securities prior to their anticipated recovery, therefore, no additional credit losses on the Company's remaining portfolio have been recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 For the Company's private label residential MBS, which consist of non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations secured by pools of residential mortgage loans, the Company also considers metrics such as securitization risk weight factor, current credit support, whether there were any mortgage principal losses resulting from defaults in payments on the underlying mortgage collateral, and the credit default rate over the last twelve months. These securities primarily carry investment grade credit ratings, principal and interest payments on these securities continue to be made on a timely basis, and credit support for these securities is considered adequate. 
 The Company's CLO portfolio consists of highly rated securitization tranches, containing pools of medium- to large-sized corporate, high-yield loans. These are variable rate securities that have an investment grade rating of Single-A or better. Unrealized losses on these securities are primarily a function of the differential from the offer price and the valuation mid-market price as well as changes in interest rates. 
 Unrealized losses on the Company's other securities portfolio relate to taxable municipal and trust preferred securities. The Company is continuing to receive timely principal and interest payments on its taxable municipal securities, these securities continue to be highly rated and the number of days of cash on hand is strong. The Company's trust preferred securities are investment grade and the issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments. 
 ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance, December 31, 2023 Recovery of Credit Losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balance, September 30, 2024 (in millions) Available for sale securities Corporate debt securities ) 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2022 Provision for Credit Losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balance September 30, 2023 (in millions) Available for sale securities Corporate debt securities ) 
 The credit loss model under ASC 326-20, applicable to HTM debt securities, requires recognition of lifetime expected credit losses through an allowance account at the time the security is purchased. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance, December 31, 2023 Provision for Credit Losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balance, September 30, 2024 (in millions) Held-to-maturity debt securities Tax-exempt 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, June 30, 2023 Recovery of Credit Losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balance September 30, 2023 (in millions) Held-to-maturity debt securities Tax-exempt 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2022 Provision for Credit Losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balance September 30, 2023 (in millions) Held-to-maturity debt securities Tax-exempt 
 No allowance has been recognized on the Company's HTM private label residential MBS as losses are not expected due to the Company holding a senior position in these securities. 
 Accrued interest receivable on HTM securities totaled million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and is excluded from the estimate of expected credit losses. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Private label residential MBS Total HTM securities (1) Available-for-sale debt securities Residential MBS issued by GSEs U.S. Treasury securities Private label residential MBS Tax-exempt Commercial MBS issued by GSEs CLO Corporate debt securities Other Total AFS securities (1) Equity securities Preferred stock CRA investments Total equity securities (1) 
 (1) For rated securities, if ratings differ, the Company uses an average of the available ratings by major credit agencies. 
 December 31, 2023 AAA Split-rated AAA/AA+ AA+ to AA- A+ to A- BBB+ to BBB- BB+ and below Unrated Totals (in millions) Held-to-maturity Tax-exempt Private label residential MBS Total HTM securities (1) Available-for-sale debt securities U.S. Treasury securities Residential MBS issued by GSEs CLO Private label residential MBS Tax-exempt Commercial MBS issued by GSEs Corporate debt securities Other Total AFS securities (1) Equity securities Preferred stock CRA investments Total equity securities (1) 
 (1) For rated securities, if ratings differ, the Company uses an average of the available ratings by major credit agencies. 
 A security is considered to be past due once it is 30 days contractually past due under the terms of the agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not have a significant amount of investment securities that were past due or on nonaccrual status. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total HTM securities Available-for-sale Due in one year or less After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total AFS securities 
 Gross losses ) ) Net gains (losses) on AFS securities ) Equity securities Gross gains Gross losses ) ) Net losses on equity securities ) ) 
 billion and billion, respectively, and recognized a net gain of million and million, respectively. U.S. Treasury securities and MBS were sold to secure gains, while CLOs were sold as part of the Company's efforts to shift the investment portfolio mix toward high quality liquid assets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold securities with a carrying value of million and million, respectively, and recognized a net gain of million and a net loss of million, respectively, as sales of CLOs were executed as part of the Company's balance sheet repositioning strategy. Sales of MBS and tax-exempt municipal securities were also executed during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to secure gains. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Non-EBO Total government-insured or guaranteed Agency-conforming Non-agency Total loans HFS 
 (1) EBO loans are delinquent FHA, VA, or USDA loans purchased from GNMA pools under the terms of the GNMA MBS program that can be repooled when loans are brought current either through the borrower's reperformance or through completion of a loan modification. 
 The following is a summary of the net gain on loan purchase, origination, and sale activities on residential mortgage loans to be sold or securitized: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Mortgage servicing rights capitalized upon sale of loans Net proceeds from sale of loans (1) ) ) ) ) Provision for and change in estimate of liability for losses under representations and warranties, net Change in fair value ) ) ) Change in fair value of derivatives: Unrealized (loss) gain on derivatives ) Realized (loss) gain on derivatives ) ) Total change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Net gain on residential mortgage loans HFS Loan acquisition and origination fees Net gain on loan origination and sale activities 
 . 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Municipal nonprofit Tech innovation Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Residential - EBO Construction and land development Other Total loans HFI Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans HFI, net of allowance 
 Loans classified as HFI are stated at the amount of unpaid principal, adjusted for net deferred fees and costs, premiums and discounts on acquired and purchased loans, and an ACL. Net deferred fees of million and million reduced the carrying value of loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Net unamortized purchase premiums on acquired and purchased loans of million and million increased the carrying value of loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans 
 Tech innovation Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Residential - EBO Construction and land development Other 
 Loans contractually delinquent by 90 days or more and still accruing totaled million at September 30, 2024 and consisted primarily of government guaranteed EBO residential loans. 
 Additionally, the recorded investment of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process totaled million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Tech innovation Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Residential - EBO Construction and land development Total 
 Loans contractually delinquent by 90 days or more and still accruing totaled million at December 31, 2023 and consisted of government guaranteed EBO residential loans and construction and land development loans. 
 The reduction in interest income associated with loans on nonaccrual status was approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Municipal nonprofit Tech innovation Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Residential - EBO Construction and land development Other Total loans 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Municipal nonprofit Tech innovation Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Residential - EBO Construction and land development Other Total loans 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Municipal nonprofit Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Tech innovation Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Equity fund resources Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Other commercial and industrial Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs CRE - owner occupied Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Hotel franchise finance Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential Pass Special mention Classified Cumulative fair value hedging adjustment Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential - EBO Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Construction and land development Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Other Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Total by Risk Category Pass Special mention Classified Cumulative fair value hedging adjustment Total Current period gross charge-offs 

25 

Table of Contents 

Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Municipal nonprofit Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Tech innovation Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Equity fund resources Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Other commercial and industrial Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs CRE - owner occupied Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Hotel franchise finance Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Other CRE - non-owner occupied Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Classified Cumulative fair value hedging adjustment Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential - EBO Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Construction and land development Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Other Pass Special mention Classified Total Current period gross charge-offs Total by Risk Category Pass Special mention Classified Cumulative fair value hedging adjustment Total Current period gross charge-offs 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Other commercial and industrial Total 
 Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2024 Payment Delay and Term Extension Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Total Class of Financing Receivable Nine Months Ended (dollars in millions) Tech innovation Other commercial and industrial Other CRE - non-owner occupied Construction and land development Total 
 Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2023 Payment Delay and Term Extension Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Total Class of Financing Receivable Three Months Ended (dollars in millions) Tech innovation Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance Other CRE - non-owner occupied Total 
 Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2023 Payment Delay and Term Extension Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Total Class of Financing Receivable Nine Months Ended (dollars in millions) Tech innovation Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Total 
 The performance of these modified loans is monitored for 12 months following the modification. As of September 30, 2024, modified loans of million were current with contractual payments and million were on nonaccrual status. As of December 31, 2023, modified loans of million were current with contractual payments and million were on nonaccrual status. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company also modifies EBO loans, which are delinquent FHA, VA, or USDA insured or guaranteed loans repurchased under the terms of the GNMA MBS program and can be repooled or resold when loans are 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company completed modifications of EBO loans with an amortized cost of million and million, respectively. These modifications were largely payment delays and term extensions. Certain of these loans were repooled or resold after modification and are no longer included in the pool of loan modifications being monitored for future performance. As of September 30, 2024, modified EBO loans consisted of million in loans that were current to 89 days delinquent and million in loans 90 days or more delinquent. As of December 31, 2023, modified EBO loans consisted of million in loans that were current to 89 days delinquent and million in loans 90 days or more delinquent. 
 Collateral-Dependent Loans 
 Tech innovation Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance Other CRE - non-owner occupied Construction and land development Total 
 The Company did not identify any significant changes in the extent to which collateral secures its collateral dependent loans, whether in the form of general deterioration or from other factors during the period ended September 30, 2024. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ACL consists of the ACL on funded loans HFI and an ACL on unfunded loan commitments. The ACL on HTM securities is estimated separately from loans, see "Note 2. Investment Securities" of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Management considers the level of ACL to be a reasonable and supportable estimate of expected credit losses inherent within the Company's HFI loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024. 
 ) Municipal nonprofit ) Tech innovation Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial ) CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance ) ) Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Residential - EBO Construction and land development ) Other ) Total ) 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Municipal nonprofit ) Tech innovation Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial ) CRE - owner occupied ) Hotel franchise finance ) Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential ) Residential - EBO Construction and land development ) Other ) Total ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, June 30, 2023 Provision for (Recovery of) Credit Losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balance, September 30, 2023 (in millions) Warehouse lending ) Municipal nonprofit Tech innovation ) Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial ) CRE - owner occupied ) Hotel franchise finance ) Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential ) ) Residential - EBO Construction and land development ) Other ) Total ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2022 Provision for (Recovery of) Credit Losses Charge-offs Recoveries Balance, September 30, 2023 (in millions) Warehouse lending ) Municipal nonprofit Tech innovation Equity fund resources ) Other commercial and industrial ) ) CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance ) Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential ) ) Residential - EBO Construction and land development Other ) Total ) 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, was excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Whereas, accrued interest receivable related to the Company's Residential-EBO loan portfolio segment was included in the estimate of credit losses and had an allowance of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Accrued interest receivable, net of any allowance, is included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 In addition to the ACL on funded loans HFI, the Company maintains a separate ACL related to off-balance sheet credit exposures, including unfunded loan commitments. This allowance is included in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Provision for (recovery of) credit losses ) ) Balance, end of period 
 The following tables disaggregate the Company's ACL on funded loans HFI and loan balances by measurement methodology: 
 September 30, 2024 Loans Allowance Collectively Evaluated for Credit Loss Individually Evaluated for Credit Loss Total Collectively Evaluated for Credit Loss Individually Evaluated for Credit Loss Total (in millions) Warehouse lending Municipal nonprofit Tech innovation Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Residential EBO Construction and land development Other Total 
 December 31, 2023 Loans Allowance Collectively Evaluated for Credit Loss Individually Evaluated for Credit Loss Total Collectively Evaluated for Credit Loss Individually Evaluated for Credit Loss Total (in millions) Warehouse lending Municipal nonprofit Tech innovation Equity fund resources Other commercial and industrial CRE - owner occupied Hotel franchise finance Other CRE - non-owner occupied Residential Residential EBO Construction and land development Other Total 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and consisted primarily of commercial and industrial and residential loans. Loan purchases during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled million and billion, respectively, and consisted primarily of commercial and industrial and residential loans. There were no loans purchased with more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company also repurchases guaranteed or insured loans under the terms of the GNMA MBS program which can be repooled when loans are brought current either through the borrower's reperformance or completion of a loan modification and have demonstrated sustained performance for a period of time. The Company repurchased million and million of such EBO loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Prior to repurchase, these loans are classified as loans eligible for repurchase, which is included as a component of Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold loans with a carrying value of approximately million and million, respectively. The Company recognized charge-offs totaling million and a net loss of million on these loan sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized charge-offs totaling million and a net loss of million on these loan sales. As part of the Company's balance sheet repositioning efforts, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, loans with a carrying value of approximately million and billion, respectively, were transferred to HFS. A net loss of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, was recognized related to these transfers and any subsequent loan sales. Of the loans transferred to HFS, million and billion were disposed of during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively and approximately billion and billion were returned to HFI during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Additions from loans sold with servicing rights retained Carrying value of MSRs sold ) ) ) ) Change in fair value ) Mark to market adjustments Realization of cash flows ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans serviced for others 
 Changes in the fair value of MSRs are recorded as Net loan servicing revenue in the Consolidated Income Statement. Due to the regulatory capital impact of MSRs on capital ratios, the Company sells certain MSRs and related servicing advances in the normal course of business. The Company may also sell excess servicing spread related to certain mortgage loans serviced by the Company. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a net gain of million and million on MSR sales, respectively. The UPB of loans underlying these sales totaled billion and billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a net loss of million and million on MSR sales, respectively. The UPB of loans underlying these sales totaled billion and billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a remaining receivable balance of million related to holdbacks on MSR sales for servicing transfers, which are recorded in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The Company receives loan servicing fees, net of subservicing costs, based on the UPB of the underlying loans. Loan servicing fees are collected from payments made by borrowers. The Company may receive other remuneration from rights to various borrower contracted fees, such as late charges, collateral reconveyance charges, and non-sufficient funds fees. Contractually specified servicing fees, late fees, and ancillary income associated with the Company's MSR portfolio totaled million and 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, which are recorded as Net loan servicing revenue in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 In accordance with its contractual loan servicing obligations, the Company is required to advance funds to or on behalf of investors when borrowers do not make payments. The Company advances property taxes and insurance premiums for borrowers who have insufficient funds in escrow accounts, plus any other costs to preserve real estate properties. The Company may also advance funds to maintain, repair, and market foreclosed real estate properties. The Company is entitled to recover all or a portion of the advances from borrowers of reinstated and performing loans, from the proceeds of liquidated properties or from the government agency or GSE guarantor of charged-off loans. Servicing advances are charged-off when they are deemed to be uncollectible. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net servicing advances totaled million and million, respectively, which are recorded as Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Increase (decrease) in fair value resulting from: Interest rate change of 50 basis points Adverse change ) Favorable change Discount rate change of 50 basis points Increase ) Decrease Conditional prepayment rate change of 1 Increase ) Decrease Cost to service change of 10 Increase ) Decrease 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Interest bearing: Demand accounts Savings and money market accounts Time certificates of deposit 250,000 or more) Other time deposits (1) Total deposits 
 (1) Retail brokered time deposits over 250,000 of billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included within Other time deposits as these deposits are generally participated out by brokers in shares below the FDIC insurance limit. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Brokered deposits provide an additional source of deposits and are placed with the Bank through third-party brokers. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held wholesale brokered deposits of billion and billion, respectively, excluding reciprocal deposits. In addition, WAB is a participant in the IntraFi Network, a network that offers deposit placement services such as CDARS and ICS, and other reciprocal deposit networks which offer products that qualify large deposits for FDIC insurance. At September 30, 2024, the Company had billion of reciprocal deposits, compared to billion at December 31, 2023. 
 In addition, deposits for which the Company provides account holders with earnings credits or referral fees totaled billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Costs related to these deposits are primarily reported as Deposit costs in non-interest expense. Deposit costs include million and million in deposit related costs on these deposits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 FHLB advances Repurchase agreements Secured borrowings Total short-term borrowings Long-Term: FHLB advances Credit linked notes, net Total long-term borrowings Total other borrowings 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 Federal Funds Lines of Credit 
 The Company maintains overnight federal fund lines of credit totaling billion as of September 30, 2024, which have rates comparable to the federal funds effective rate plus to . 
 FHLB and FRB Advances 
 The Company also maintains secured overnight lines of credit with the FHLB and the FRB. The Company s borrowing capacity is determined based on collateral pledged, generally consisting of investment securities and loans, at the time of the borrowing. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had additional available credit with the FHLB of approximately billion and billion respectively. The weighted average rate on short-term FHLB advances was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 Warehouse borrowing lines of credit are used to finance the acquisition of loans through the use of repurchase agreements. Repurchase agreements operate as financings under which the Company transfers loans to secure these borrowings. The borrowing amounts are based on the attributes of the collateralized loans and are defined in the repurchase agreement of each warehouse lender. The Company retains beneficial ownership of the transferred loans and will receive the loans from the lender upon full repayment of the borrowing. The repurchase agreements may require the Company to transfer additional assets to the lender in the event the estimated fair value of the existing transferred loans declines. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had access to approximately billion in uncommitted warehouse funding, of which amounts were drawn. As of December 31, 2023, there were million in warehouse borrowings outstanding at a weighted average borrowing rate of . 
 Other repurchase facilities include overnight customer repurchase agreements. The total carrying value of these repurchase agreements was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Secured Borrowings 
 Secured borrowings consist of transfers of loans HFS not qualifying for sales accounting treatment. The weighted average interest rate on secured borrowings was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 billion and maturing in December 2025. The interest rates on these advances are tied to the daily SOFR rate plus a fixed spread. The Company may redeem the advances at par plus accrued and unpaid interest. The agreements include a make-whole provision upon termination that is based on the interest rate difference between the then current advance interest rate and the interest rate on the terminated advances. After three months from the inception date of the advances, the Company may redeem the advances without incurring a prepayment penalty. The weighted average rate on these long-term FHLB advances was as of September 30, 2024. 
 Credit Linked Notes 
 The Company entered into credit linked note transactions that effectively transfer the risk of first losses on reference pools of the Company's loans purchased under its residential mortgage purchase program to the purchasers of the notes. The principal and interest payable on these notes may be reduced by a portion of the Company's loss on such loans if one of the following occurs with respect to a covered loan: (i) realized losses incurred by the Company on a loan following a liquidation of the loan or certain other events, or (ii) a modification of the loan resulting in a reduction in payments. The aggregate losses, if any, for each payment date will be allocated to reduce the class principal amount and (for modifications) the current interest of the notes in reverse order of class priority. Losses on residential mortgages have not generally been significant. 
 
 Residential mortgage loans (2) June 30, 2022 April 25, 2052 SOFR + 
 Residential mortgage loans (3) December 29, 2021 July 25, 2059 SOFR + 
 Total 
 December 31, 2023 Description Issuance Date Maturity Date Interest Rate Principal Debt Issuance Costs (in millions) Residential mortgage loans (1) December 12, 2022 October 25, 2052 SOFR + 
 Residential mortgage loans (2) June 30, 2022 April 25, 2052 SOFR + 
 Residential mortgage loans (3) December 29, 2021 July 25, 2059 SOFR + 
 Total 
 (1) There are multiple classes of these notes, each with an interest rate of SOFR plus a spread that ranges from to (or, a weighted average spread of on a reference pool balance of billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) There are multiple classes of these notes, each with an interest rate of SOFR plus a spread that ranges from to (or, a weighted average spread of on a reference pool balance of billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) There are six classes of these notes, each with an interest rate of SOFR plus a spread that ranges from to (or, a weighted average spread of on a reference pool balance of billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 million related to the payoff of credit linked notes on its warehouse and equity fund resource loans. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 WAB fixed-to-variable-rate (2) May 2020 June 1, 2030 Total 
 December 31, 2023 Description Issuance Date Maturity Date Interest Rate Principal Debt Issuance Costs (in millions) WAL fixed-to-variable-rate (1) June 2021 June 15, 2031 WAB fixed-to-variable-rate (2) May 2020 June 1, 2030 Total 
 (1) Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, beginning on June 15, 2026 at their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest and has a fixed interest rate of . The notes also convert to a variable rate of three-month SOFR plus basis points on this date. 
 (2) Debt is redeemable, in whole or in part, on or after June 1, 2025 at its principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest and has a fixed interest rate of through June 1, 2025 and then converts to a variable rate per annum equal to three-month SOFR plus basis points. 
 The carrying value of all subordinated debt issuances totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Junior Subordinated Debt 
 The Company has formed or acquired through acquisition statutory business trusts, which exist for the exclusive purpose of issuing Cumulative Trust Preferred Securities. 
 With the exception of debt issued by Bridge Capital Trust I and Bridge Capital Trust II, junior subordinated debt is recorded at fair value at each reporting date due to the FVO election made by the Company under ASC 825. The Company did not make the FVO election for the junior subordinated debt acquired in the Bridge acquisition. Accordingly, the carrying value of these trusts does not reflect the current fair value of the debt and includes a fair market value adjustment established at acquisition that is being accreted over the remaining life of the trusts. 
 The carrying value of junior subordinated debt was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with maturity dates ranging from 2033 through 2037. The weighted average interest rate of all junior subordinated debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 In the event of certain changes or amendments to regulatory requirements or federal tax rules, the debt is redeemable in whole. The obligations under these instruments are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to all other liabilities of the Company. Based on guidance issued by the FRB, the Company's securities continue to qualify as Tier 1 Capital. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 period and stock grants made to non-employee WAL directors have generally vested over , with the 2024 grants vesting over . The Company estimates the compensation cost for stock grants based upon the grant date fair value. Stock compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. The aggregate grant date fair value for the restricted stock awards granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Stock compensation expense related to restricted stock awards granted to employees is included in Salaries and employee benefits in the Consolidated Income Statement. For restricted stock awards granted to WAL directors, the related stock compensation expense is included in Legal, professional, and directors' fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, in stock-based compensation expense related to employee and WAL director stock grants, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 The Company grants performance stock units to members of its executive management that do not vest unless the Company achieves certain performance measures over a performance period. For the 2024 award, the performance measures are based on the Company s relative return on equity and maintenance of a target CET1 ratio, and relative TSR performance. For the 2023 and 2022 awards, the performance measures are based on achievement of a specified cumulative EPS target and a TSR performance factor. The number of shares issued will vary based on the performance measures that are achieved. The Company estimates the cost of performance stock units based upon the grant date fair value and expected vesting percentage over the performance period. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, for such units. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million (which includes a million net reversal of expense recognized in the first quarter 2023 on unvested performance stock units due to revised performance expectations), respectively. 
 The performance period for the 2021 grant ended on December 31, 2023, and based on the Company's cumulative EPS and TSR performance measure for the performance period, these shares vested at of the target award under the terms of the grant. As a result, shares became fully vested and were distributed to executive management in the first quarter of 2024. 
 The performance period for the 2020 grant ended on December 31, 2022, and based on the Company's cumulative EPS and TSR performance measure for the performance period, these shares vested at of the target award under the terms of the grant. As a result, shares became fully vested and distributed to executive management in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Cash Settled Restricted Stock Units 
 In 2024, the Company began granting cash settled restricted stock units to members of its executive management that vest equally on a monthly basis over a period. As the awards are settled in cash and are not dependent on the occurrence of a future event, these awards are classified as liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At each vesting date, the Company settles the vested stock units in cash at the settlement date stock price. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized compensation expense of million and million related to these awards, respectively. There were such units outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Deferred Stock Units 
 In 2024, the Company began granting deferred stock unit awards to certain members of its management team, which are intended to provide retirement benefits on an unfunded, unsecured basis. These awards can be settled in either stock or cash, at the Company's option. Participants are credited dividend equivalent units for any cash dividends paid with respect to the shares of stock underlying the stock units. These awards vest on the later of (i) the one-year anniversary of the grant date and (ii) the participant's satisfaction of age- and service-related eligibility criteria for a qualified retirement. The aggregate grant date fair value for these deferred stock unit awards granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Stock compensation expense related to these deferred stock units is included in Salaries and employee benefits in the Consolidated Income Statement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense related to these stock grants. There were such units outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company has depositary shares outstanding, each representing a 1/400th ownership interest in a share of the Company s Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Shares, Series A, par value per share, with a liquidation preference of per depositary share (equivalent to per share of Series A preferred stock). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company declared and paid a quarterly cash dividend of per depositary share, for a total dividend payment to preferred stockholders of million and million, respectively. 
 Cash Dividend on Common Shares 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company declared and paid a quarterly cash dividend of per share, for a total dividend payment to stockholders of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company declared and paid a quarterly cash dividend of per share for a total dividend payment to stockholders of million and million, respectively. 
 Treasury Shares 
 and , respectively, at a weighted average price of and per share, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased treasury shares of and , respectively, at a weighted average price of and per share, respectively. 
 39 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, Unrealized holding gains (losses) on AFS securities Unrealized holding losses on SERP Unrealized holding gains (losses) on junior subordinated debt Impairment loss on securities Total (in millions) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 

40 

Table of Contents 

 41 

Table of Contents 

 ) 
 (1) Included in the carrying value of the hedged assets. 
 (2) Included portfolio layer method derivative instruments with billion and billion designated as the hedged amount (from a closed portfolio of prepayable fixed rate loans with a carrying value of billion and billion) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The cumulative basis adjustment included in the carrying value of these hedged items totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 For the Company's derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in current period earnings. The loss or gain on the hedged item is recognized in the same line item as the offsetting loss or gain on the related interest rate swaps.) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Income Statement Classification Gain/(Loss) on Swaps Gain/(Loss) on Hedged Item Gain/(Loss) on Swaps Gain/(Loss) on Hedged Item (in millions) Interest income ) ) 
 In addition to the gains and losses on the Company's outstanding fair value hedges presented in the above table, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in interest income related to the amortization of the cumulative basis adjustment on its discontinued last-of-layer hedges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Total Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency contracts Forward contracts Futures contracts (1) Interest rate lock commitments Interest rate contracts Risk participation agreements Equity warrants Total Margin ) ) Total, including margin 
 (1) The Company enters into futures purchase and sales contracts that are subject to daily remargining and almost all of which are based on three-month SOFR to hedge against its MSR valuation exposure. The notional amount on these contracts is substantial as these contracts have a short duration and are intended to cover the longer duration of MSR hedges. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Forward contracts Interest rate contracts Margin Netting ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Liabilities Foreign currency contracts ) ) Forward contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) Margin ) ) Netting ) ) ) ) ) ) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangements: Assets Foreign currency contracts Interest rate lock commitments Interest rate contracts Equity warrants Liabilities Forward contracts ) ) Interest rate lock commitments ) ) ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total derivatives and margin Assets ) ) ) Liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) Forward contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) Other contracts ) ) ) Net (loss) gain on derivatives ) ) Net loan servicing revenue: Forward contracts ) ) ) Futures contracts ) ) Interest rate contracts ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Dilutive effect of stock awards Weighted average shares - diluted Net income available to common stockholders Earnings per Common Share: Basic Diluted Antidilutive restricted stock outstanding 

45 

Table of Contents 

 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, res pectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in pre-tax book income. The increase in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in expected investment tax credit benefits, an increase in nondeductible insurance premiums, and shortfalls from stock compensation expense during 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the net DTA balance totaled million, a decrease of million from million at December 31, 2023. This overall decrease in the net DTA was primarily the result of an increase in the fair market value of AFS securities, partially offset by an increase in credit carryovers and state net operating losses. 
 Although realization is not assured, the Company believes that the realization of the recognized deferred tax asset of million at September 30, 2024 is more-likely-than-not based on expectations as to future taxable income and based on available tax planning strategies that could be implemented if necessary to prevent a carryover from expiring. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Compan y had deferred tax valuation allowance. 
 LIHTC and renewable energy projects 
 The Company holds ownership interests in limited partnerships and limited liability companies that invest in affordable housing and renewable energy projects. These investments are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of federal tax credits and deductions. 
 Investments in LIHTC and renewable energy totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Unfunded LIHTC and renewable energy obligations are included in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively, of tax credits related to LIHTC investments and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization related to LIHTC investments of million and million, respectively, was recognized as a component of income tax expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization related to LIHTC investments of million and million, respectively, was recognized as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 . 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Credit card commitments and financial guarantees Letters of credit, including unsecured letters of credit of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Total 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided that there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The Company enters into credit arrangements that generally provide for the termination of advances in the event of a covenant violation or other event of default. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being fully drawn, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the party. The commitments are collateralized by the same types of assets used as loan collateral. 
 The Company has exposure to credit losses from unfunded commitments and letters of credit. As funds have not been disbursed on these commitments, they are not reported as loans outstanding. Credit losses related to these commitments are included in Other liabilities as a separate loss contingency and are not included in the ACL reported in "Note 4. Loans, Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses" of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. This loss contingency for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Changes to this liability are adjusted through the provision for credit losses in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 Commitments to Invest in Renewable Energy Projects 
 The Company has off-balance sheet commitments to invest in renewable energy projects, as described in "Note 13. Income Taxes" of these Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, subject to the underlying project meeting certain milestones. These conditional commitments totaled million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. 
 Concentrations of Lending Activities 
 The Company does not have a single external customer from which it derives 10 or more of its revenues. The Company monitors concentrations of lending activities at the product and borrower relationship level. Commercial and industrial loans made up and of the Company's HFI loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company's loan portfolio includes significant credit exposure to the CRE market. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, CRE related loans accounted for approximately and of total loans, respectively. Approximately of CRE loans, excluding construction and land loans, were owner-occupied as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. No borrower relationships at both the commitment and funded loan level exceeded 5 of total loans HFI as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Contingencies 
 The Company is involved in various lawsuits of a routine nature that are being handled and defended in the ordinary course of the Company s business. Expenses are being incurred in connection with these lawsuits, but in the opinion of management, based in part on consultation with outside legal counsel, the resolution of these lawsuits and associated defense costs will not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Lease Commitments 
 million and million, respectively, compared to million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other lease costs, which include common area maintenance, parking, and taxes, and were included as occupancy expense, totaled million and million, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 47 

) ) Changes included in OCI, net of tax ) ) ) 
 Fair value on a recurring basis 
 Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include the following: 
 AFS debt securities: Securities classified as AFS are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 and Level 2 inputs. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include quoted prices in active markets, dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information, and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. 
 Equity securities: Preferred stock and CRA investments are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs. 
 Independent pricing service: The Company's independent pricing service provides pricing information on the majority of the Company's Level 1 and Level 2 AFS debt securities. For a small subset of securities, other pricing sources are used, including observed prices on publicly-traded securities and dealer quotes. Management independently evaluates the fair value measurements received from the Company's third-party pricing service through multiple review steps. First, management reviews what has transpired in the marketplace with respect to interest rates, credit spreads, volatility, and mortgage rates, among other things, and develops an expectation of changes to the securities' valuations from the previous quarter. Then, management selects a sample of investment securities and compares the values provided by its primary third-party pricing service to the market values obtained from secondary sources, including other pricing services and safekeeping statements, and evaluates those with notable variances. In instances where there are discrepancies in pricing from various sources and management expectations, management may manually price securities using currently observed market data to determine whether they can develop similar prices or may utilize bid information from broker dealers. Any remaining discrepancies between management s review and the prices provided by the vendor are discussed with the vendor and/or the Company s other valuation advisors. 
 48 

U.S. Treasury securities Private label residential MBS Tax-exempt Commercial MBS issued by GSEs CLO Corporate debt securities Other Total AFS debt securities Equity securities Preferred stock CRA investments Total equity securities Loans HFS (2) Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets (1) Liabilities: Junior subordinated debt (3) Derivative liabilities (1) 
 (1) See "Note 11. Derivatives and Hedging Activities." In addition, the carrying value of loans is increased by million as of September 30, 2024 for the effective portion of the hedge, which relates to the fair value of the hedges put in place to mitigate against fluctuations in interest rates. Derivative assets and liabilities exclude margin of million and ) million, respectively. 
 (2) Includes only the portion of loans HFS that is recorded at fair value at each reporting period pursuant to the election of FVO treatment. 
 (3) Includes only the portion of junior subordinated debt that is recorded at fair value at each reporting period pursuant to the election of FVO treatment. 
 49 

Residential MBS issued by GSEs CLO Private label residential MBS Tax-exempt Commercial MBS issued by GSEs Corporate debt securities Other Total AFS debt securities Equity securities Preferred stock CRA investments Total equity securities Loans - HFS (2) Mortgage servicing rights Derivative assets (1) Liabilities: Junior subordinated debt (3) Derivative liabilities (1) 
 (1) See "Note 11. Derivatives and Hedging Activities." In addition, the carrying value of loans is decreased by million as of December 31, 2023 for the effective portion of the hedge, which relates to the fair value of the hedges put in place to mitigate against fluctuations in interest rates. Derivative assets and liabilities exclude margin of million and ) million, respectively. 
 (2) Includes only the portion of loans HFS that is recorded at fair value at each reporting period pursuant to the election of FVO treatment. 
 (3) Includes only the portion of junior subordinated debt that is recorded at fair value at each reporting period pursuant to the election of FVO treatment.) ) ) ) Change in fair value (1) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Unrealized (losses) gains attributable to changes in the fair value of junior subordinated debt are recorded in OCI, net of tax, and totaled ) million and ) million for three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Discounted cash flow Implied credit rating of the Company 
 December 31, 2023 Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Input Value (in millions) Junior subordinated debt Discounted cash flow Implied credit rating of the Company 
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s junior subordinated debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was the implied credit risk for the Company. As of September 30, 2024 and 
 50 

, which represents an implied credit spread of plus three-month SOFR ). As of December 31, 2023, the Company estimated the discount rate at , which was a credit spread plus three-month SOFR ). 
 Purchases and additions Sales and payments ) ) Settlement of IRLCs upon acquisition or origination of loans HFS ) ) Change in fair value ) Realization of cash flows ) ) Balance, end of period Changes in unrealized gains for the period (2) ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 MSRs IRLCs (1) MSRs IRLCs (1) (in millions) Balance, beginning of period Purchases and additions Sales and payments ) ) Settlement of IRLCs upon acquisition or origination of loans HFS ) ) Change in fair value ) ) Mark to market adjustments Realization of cash flows ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) Changes in unrealized gains for the period (2) ) ) 
 (1) IRLC asset and liability positions are presented net. 
 (2) Amounts recognized as part of non-interest income. 
 
 51 

- 
 Conditional prepayment rate (1) - 
 Recapture rate - 
 Servicing fee rate (in basis points) - 
 Cost to service - 
 IRLCs: Servicing fee multiple - 
 Pull-through rate - 
 
 December 31, 2023 Asset/liability Key inputs Range Weighted average MSRs: Option adjusted spread (in basis points) - 
 Conditional prepayment rate (1) - 
 Recapture rate - 
 Servicing fee rate (in basis points) - 
 Cost to service - 
 IRLCs: Servicing fee multiple - 
 Pull-through rate - 
 
 (1) Lifetime total prepayment speed annualized. 
 90 days or more delinquent ) Total 
 52 

Other assets acquired through foreclosure As of December 31, 2023: Loans HFI Other assets acquired through foreclosure 
 Collateral method Third party appraisal Costs to sell to 
 Discounted cash flow method Discount rate Contractual loan rate to 
 Scheduled cash collections Probability of default to 
 Proceeds from non-real estate collateral Loss given default to 
 Other assets acquired through foreclosure Collateral method Third party appraisal Costs to sell to 
 
 December 31, 2023 Valuation Technique(s) Significant Unobservable Inputs Range (in millions) Loans HFI Collateral method Third party appraisal Costs to sell to 
 Discounted cash flow method Discount rate Contractual loan rate to 
 Scheduled cash collections Probability of default to 
 Proceeds from non-real estate collateral Loss given default to 
 Other assets acquired through foreclosure Collateral method Third party appraisal Costs to sell to 
 
 Loans HFI: Loans measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include collateral dependent loans. The specific reserves for these loans are based on collateral value, net of estimated disposition costs and other identified quantitative inputs. Collateral value is determined based on independent third-party appraisals or internally-developed discounted cash flow analyses. Appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches, including comparable sales and the income approach. Fair value is determined, where possible, using market prices derived from an appraisal or evaluation, which are considered to be Level 2. However, certain assumptions and unobservable inputs are often used by the appraiser, therefore qualifying the assets as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. In addition, when adjustments are made to an appraised value to reflect various factors such as the age of the appraisal or known changes in the market or the collateral, such valuation inputs are considered unobservable and the fair value measurement is categorized as a Level 3 measurement. Internal discounted cash flow analyses are also utilized to estimate the fair value of these loans, which considers internally-developed, unobservable inputs such as discount rates, default rates, and loss severity. 
 Total Level 3 collateral dependent loans had an estimated fair value of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, net of a specific ACL of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 53 

million of such assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 AFS Equity Derivative assets (1) Loans HFS Loans HFI, net Mortgage servicing rights Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Other borrowings Qualifying debt Derivative liabilities (1) Accrued interest payable 
 (1) Derivative assets and liabilities exclude margin of million and ) million, respectively. 
 December 31, 2023 Carrying Amount Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in millions) Financial assets: Investment securities: HTM AFS Equity securities Derivative assets (1) Loans HFS Loans HFI, net Mortgage servicing rights Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Other borrowings Qualifying debt Derivative liabilities (1) Accrued interest payable 
 (1) Derivative assets and liabilities exclude margin of million and ) million, respectively. 
 54 

as there have been no significant changes in borrower creditworthiness. Loan commitments on which the committed interest rates are less than the current market rate are insignificant at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 55 

reportable segments: 
 Commercial: provides commercial banking and treasury management products and services to small and middle-market businesses, specialized banking services to sophisticated commercial institutions and investors within niche industries, as well as financial services to the real estate industry. 
 Consumer Related: offers both commercial banking services to enterprises in consumer-related sectors and consumer banking services, such as residential mortgage banking. 
 Corporate Other: consists of the Company's investment portfolio, Corporate borrowings and other related items, income and expense items not allocated to other reportable segments, and inter-segment eliminations. 
 The Company's segment reporting process begins with the assignment of all loan and deposit accounts directly to the segments where these products are originated and/or serviced. Equity capital is assigned to each segment based on the risk profile of their assets and liabilities. With the exception of goodwill, which is assigned a weighting, equity capital allocations ranged from to during the period. Any excess or deficient equity not allocated to segments based on risk is assigned to the Corporate Other segment. 
 Net interest income, provision for credit losses, and non-interest expense amounts are recorded in their respective segments to the extent the amounts are directly attributable to those segments. Net interest income is recorded in each segment on a TEB with a corresponding increase in income tax expense, which is eliminated in the Corporate Other segment. 
 Further, net interest income of a reportable segment includes a funds transfer pricing process that matches assets and liabilities with similar interest rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. Using this funds transfer pricing methodology, liquidity is transferred between users and providers. A net user of funds has lending/investing in excess of deposits/borrowings and a net provider of funds has deposits/borrowings in excess of lending/investing. A segment that is a user of funds is charged for the use of funds, while a provider of funds is credited through funds transfer pricing, which is determined based on the average estimated life of the assets or liabilities in the portfolio. Residual funds transfer pricing mismatches are allocable to the Corporate Other segment and presented in net interest income. 
 The net income amount for each reportable segment is further derived by the use of expense allocations. Certain expenses not directly attributable to a specific segment are allocated across all segments based on key metrics, such as number of employees, number of transactions processed for loans and deposits, and average loan and deposit balances. These types of expenses include information technology, operations, human resources, finance, risk management, credit administration, legal, and marketing. 
 Income taxes are applied to each segment based on estimated effective tax rates. Any difference in the corporate tax rate and the aggregate effective tax rates in the segments are adjusted in the Corporate Other segment. 
 The assignment and allocation methodologies used in the segment reporting process discussed above change from time to time as systems are enhanced, methods for evaluating segment performance or product lines change or as business segments are realigned. 
 
 56 

Loans HFS Loans HFI, net of deferred fees and costs Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Net loans HFI Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Deposits Borrowings and qualifying debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Allocated equity: Total liabilities and stockholders' equity Excess funds provided (used) ) ) Income Statement: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024: (in millions) Net interest income (expense) ) Provision for credit losses Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Non-interest income Non-interest expense Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) Income tax expense Net income (loss) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024: (in millions) Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income Non-interest expense Income before provision for income taxes Income tax expense Net income 
 57 

Loans held for sale Loans, net of deferred fees and costs Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Total loans Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Deposits Borrowings and qualifying debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Allocated equity: Total liabilities and stockholders' equity Excess funds provided (used) ) Income Statements: Three Months Ended September 30, 2023: (in millions) Net interest income Provision for (recovery of) credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income Non-interest expense Income before provision for income taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: (in millions) Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income (expense) after provision for credit losses ) Non-interest income ) Non-interest expense Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had no material unsatisfied performance obligations as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 58 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 This discussion is designed to provide insight into management's assessment of significant trends related to the Company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital resources, and interest rate sensitivity. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the interim Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements hereto and financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. Unless the context requires otherwise, the terms "Company," "we," and "our" refer to Western Alliance Bancorporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including without limitation, statements regarding our expectations with respect to our business, financial and operating results, including our deposits, liquidity and funding, changes in economic conditions and the related impact on the Company's business, and statements that are related to or are dependent on estimates or assumptions relating to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends, and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q reflect the Company's current views about future events and financial performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that may cause the Company's actual results to differ significantly from historical results and those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Risks and uncertainties include those set forth in the Company's filings with the SEC and the following factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented: 1) adverse financial market and economic conditions, including the effects of any recession in the United States, adverse developments in the financial services industry generally, such as the bank failures in 2023, and any related impact on depositor behavior, the potential impact on borrowers of supply chain disruptions and the economic and market impacts of the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East; 2) changes in interest rates and increased rate competition; 3) exposure of financial instruments to certain market risks that may increase the volatility of earnings and AOCI; 4) the inherent risk associated with accounting estimates, including the impact to the allowance, provision for credit losses, and capital levels; 5) exposure to natural and man-made disasters in markets that we operate and the impact of climate change and ESG practices on us and our customers; 6) the potential adverse effects of unusual and infrequently occurring events, such as weather-related disasters, terrorist acts, geopolitical conflicts or public health events (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and of governmental and societal responses thereto; 7) dependency on real estate and events that negatively impact the real estate market; 8) concentrations in certain business lines or product types within our loan portfolio; 9) residual risk retained by us on reference pools covered by credit linked notes; 10) exposure to environmental liabilities related to the properties to which we acquire title; 11) ability to compete in a highly competitive market; 12) expansion strategies through acquisitions or implementation of new lines of business or new products and services that may not be successful and supervisory actions by regulatory agencies which may limit our ability to pursue certain growth opportunities; 13) uncertainty associated with digital payment initiatives; 14) ability to recruit and retain qualified employees and implement adequate succession planning to mitigate the loss of key members of our senior management team; 15) ability to meet capital adequacy and liquidity requirements; 16) dependence on low-cost deposits; 17) risks related to representations and warranties made on third-party loan sales; 18) ability to borrow from the FHLB or the FRB; 19) a change in our creditworthiness; 20) information security breaches; 21) reliance on third parties to provide key components of our infrastructure; 22) perpetration of fraud; 23) ability to implement and improve our controls and processes to keep pace with growth; 24) the discontinuation of or substantial changes to interest rate benchmarks utilized in our lending, borrowing and hedging activities; 25) risk of operating in a highly regulated industry and our ability to remain in compliance; 26) ability to adapt to technological change; 27) failure to comply with state and federal banking agency laws and regulations; 28) results of any tax audit findings, challenges to our tax positions, or adverse changes or interpretations of tax laws; 29) risks related to ownership and price of our preferred and common stock; 30) ability to continue to declare quarterly dividends; 31) additional regulatory requirements resulting from our continued growth; 32) management's estimates and projections of interest rates and interest rate policies; and 33) the execution of our business plan. 
 For more information regarding risks that may cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements that are made or attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. The forward-looking statements included herein are only 
 59 

made as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 
 
 Recent Market and Banking Industry Developments 
 Market Developments 
 The Company's loan portfolio includes significant credit exposure to the CRE market, with CRE related loans comprising approximately 31 and 33 of total loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Approximately 16 of CRE loans, excluding construction and land loans, were owner occupied at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and approximately 5 were non-owner occupied office loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. As elevated focus on the evolving industry dynamics facing the CRE market have emerged over the past year, the Company has been proactive in establishing enhanced monitoring policies and procedures as it relates to its CRE loans and has undertaken actions to limit growth of its CRE portfolio, as further discussed in Item 1. Business, Lending Activities Asset Quality in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized gross charge-offs on CRE non-owner occupied loans totaling 21.7 million and 44.3 million, respectively, which primarily related to office properties. While the Company believes that its increased monitoring efforts to provide earlier identification of potential stressed loans and proactive engagement with borrowers has helped the Company assess its credit related exposure to this portfolio segment and establish adequate reserve levels, CRE market conditions may worsen, which could result in further deterioration of asset quality in this portfolio. 
 Banking Industry 
 In November 2023, the FDIC approved a final rule implementing a special assessment to recover losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund associated with protecting uninsured depositors following the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The assessment base is equal to an institution s estimated uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first 5 billion of estimated uninsured deposits. The special assessment will be collected over an eight-quarter collection period, at a quarterly rate of 3.36 basis points, with the first quarterly assessment period beginning on January 1, 2024. The amount of the total special assessment is subject to adjustment and will not be finalized by the FDIC until after termination of the receiverships. The Company recognized a reduction to expense of 2.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a net charge of 9.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to adjustments to the loss estimate. 
 60 

Financial Overview and Highlights 
 WAL is a bank holding company headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware. WAL provides a full spectrum of customized loan, deposit and treasury management capabilities, including funds transfer and other digital payment offerings through its wholly-owned banking subsidiary, WAB. 
 WAB operates the following full-service banking divisions: ABA, BON and FIB, Bridge, and TPB. The Company also provides an array of specialized financial services across the country, including mortgage banking services through AmeriHome and digital payment services for the class action legal industry. 
 Financial Results Highlights for the Third Quarter of 2024 
 Net income available to common stockholders of 196.6 million, compared to 213.4 million for the third quarter 2023 
 Diluted earnings per share of 1.80, compared to 1.97 per share for the third quarter 2023 
 Net revenue of 823.1 million, compared to 716.2 million for the third quarter 2023, with non-interest expense of 537.4 million, compared to 426.2 million for the third quarter 2023 
 PPNR of 285.7 million, down 1.5 from 290.0 million in the third quarter 2023 1 
 Total loans HFI of 53.3 billion , up 3.0 billion, or 6.1 , from December 31, 2023 
 Total deposits of 68.0 billion , up 12.7 billion, or 23.0 , from December 31, 2023 
 Stockholders' equity of 6.7 billion , an increase of 599 million from December 31, 2023 
 Nonaccrual loans and repossessed assets increased to 0.45 of total assets compared to 0.40 at December 31, 2023 
 Annualized net loan charge-offs to average loans outstanding of 0.20 , compared to 0.07 for the third quarter 2023 
 Net interest margin of 3.61 , decreased from 3.67 in the third quarter 2023 
 Tangible common equity ratio of 7.2 , a decrease compare d to 7.3 at December 31, 2023 1 
 Book value per common share of 57.97, an increase of 9.8 from 52.81 at December 31, 2023 
 Tangible book value per share, net of tax, of 51.98 , an increase of 5.26 , or 11.3 , from 46.72 at December 31, 2023 1 
 Efficiency ratio of 64.5 in the third quarter 2024, compared to 58.8 in the third quarter 2023 1 
 The impact to the Company from these items, and others of both a positive and negative nature, are discussed in more detail below as they pertain to the Company s overall comparative performance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 1 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures section beginning on page 64. 
 
 61 

As a bank holding company, management focuses on key ratios in evaluating the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 
 Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 A summary of the Company's results of operations, financial condition, and selected metrics are included in the following tables: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except per share amounts) Net income 199.8 216.6 570.8 574.5 Net income available to common stockholders 196.6 213.4 561.2 564.9 Earnings per share - basic 1.81 1.97 5.17 5.22 Earnings per share - diluted 1.80 1.97 5.14 5.21 Return on average assets 0.96 1.24 0.98 1.09 Return on average equity 12.0 14.7 11.9 13.5 Return on average tangible common equity (1) 13.8 17.3 13.8 16.0 Net interest margin 3.61 3.67 3.61 3.62 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures section beginning on page 64. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions) Total assets 80,080 70,862 Loans HFS 2,327 1,402 Loans HFI, net of deferred fees and costs 53,346 50,297 Investment securities, net of allowance for credit losses 16,382 12,712 Total deposits 68,040 55,333 Other borrowings 2,995 7,230 Qualifying debt 898 895 Stockholders' equity 6,677 6,078 Tangible common equity, net of tax (1) 5,723 5,116 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures section beginning on page 64. 
 For all banks and bank holding companies, asset quality plays a significant role in the overall financial condition of the institution and results of operations. The Company measures asset quality in terms of nonaccrual loans as a percentage of gross loans and net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans. Net charge-offs are calculated as the difference between charged-off loans and recovery payments received on previously charged-off loans. The following table summarizes the Company's key asset quality metrics for loans HFI: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in millions) Nonaccrual loans 349 273 Repossessed assets 8 8 Non-performing assets 497 418 Nonaccrual loans to funded loans 0.65 0.54 Nonaccrual and repossessed assets to total assets 0.45 0.40 Allowance for loan losses to funded loans 0.67 0.67 Allowance for credit losses to funded loans 0.74 0.73 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding (1) 0.20 0.06 
 (1) Annualized on an actual/actual basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Actual year-to-date for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 62 

Asset and Deposit Growth 
 The Company s assets and liabilities are comprised primarily of loans and deposits. Therefore, the ability to originate new loans and attract new deposits is fundamental to the Company s growth. 
 Total assets increased to 80.1 billion at September 30, 2024 from 70.9 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in total assets of 9.2 billion, or 13.0 , was primarily driven by an increase in deposits, which contributed to increases in investment securities and cash of 3.7 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively, and funded HFI loan growth of 3.0 billion. Loans HFI increased by 3.0 billion, or 6.1 , to 53.3 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to 50.3 billion as of December 31, 2023. C ommercial and industrial loans primarily drove the increase in loans HFI, increasing 3.4 billion from December 31, 2023, which was partially offset by decreases in residential real estate and construction and land development loans of 383 million and 162 million, respectively. In addition, loans HFS increased 925 million from 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2023 primarily due to an increase in agency-conforming and non-EBO loans. 
 Total deposits increased 12.7 billion, or 23.0 , to 68.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 from 55.3 billion as of December 31, 2023. By type, the increase in deposits from December 31, 2023 was driven by increases of 10.4 billion and 4.8 billion in non-interest bearing deposits and savings and money market accounts, respectively, partially offset by decreases of 2.1 billion and 452 million in interest bearing demand deposits and certificates of deposit, respectively. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table sets forth a summary financial overview: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions, except per share amounts) Consolidated Income Statement Data: Interest income 1,200.0 1,026.6 173.4 3,402.5 2,996.3 406.2 Interest expense 503.1 439.6 63.5 1,450.1 1,249.1 201.0 Net interest income 696.9 587.0 109.9 1,952.4 1,747.2 205.2 Provision for credit losses 33.6 12.1 21.5 85.9 53.3 32.6 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 663.3 574.9 88.4 1,866.5 1,693.9 172.6 Non-interest income 126.2 129.2 (3.0) 371.3 190.2 181.1 Non-interest expense 537.4 426.2 111.2 1,506.0 1,161.5 344.5 Income before provision for income taxes 252.1 277.9 (25.8) 731.8 722.6 9.2 Income tax expense 52.3 61.3 (9.0) 161.0 148.1 12.9 Net income 199.8 216.6 (16.8) 570.8 574.5 (3.7) Dividends on preferred stock 3.2 3.2 9.6 9.6 Net income available to common stockholders 196.6 213.4 (16.8) 561.2 564.9 (3.7) Earnings per share: Basic 1.81 1.97 (0.16) 5.17 5.22 (0.05) Diluted 1.80 1.97 (0.17) 5.14 5.21 (0.07) 
 
 63 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following discussion and analysis contains financial information determined by methods other than those prescribed by GAAP. The Company's management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in their analysis of the Company's performance. Management believes presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful supplemental information that is essential to a complete understanding of the operating results of the Company. Since the presentation of these non-GAAP performance measures and their impact differ between companies, these non-GAAP disclosures should not be viewed as a substitute for operating results determined in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other companies. 
 Pre-Provision Net Revenue 
 Banking regulations define PPNR as the sum of net interest income and non-interest income less expenses before adjusting for loss provisions. Management believes that this is an important metric as it illustrates the underlying performance of the Company, it enables investors and others to assess the Company's ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through the credit cycle, and provides consistent reporting with a key metric used by bank regulatory agencies. 
 The following table shows the components used in the calculation of PPNR: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net interest income 696.9 587.0 1,952.4 1,747.2 Total non-interest income 126.2 129.2 371.3 190.2 Net revenue 823.1 716.2 2,323.7 1,937.4 Total non-interest expense 537.4 426.2 1,506.0 1,161.5 Pre-provision net revenue 285.7 290.0 817.7 775.9 Less: Provision for credit losses 33.6 12.1 85.9 53.3 Income tax expense 52.3 61.3 161.0 148.1 Net income 199.8 216.6 570.8 574.5 
 Pre-Provision Net Revenue, Excluding FDIC Special Assessment 
 The following table shows PPNR for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, adjusted to exclude the FDIC special assessment, which management believes is more comparable to historical earnings trends: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Pre-provision net revenue 285.7 817.7 FDIC special assessment (2.2) 9.4 Pre-provision net revenue, excluding FDIC special assessment 283.5 827.1 Less: Provision for credit losses 33.6 85.9 Income tax expense 52.3 161.0 FDIC special assessment (2.2) 9.4 Net income 199.8 570.8 
 64 

Efficiency Ratio 
 The following table shows the components used in the calculation of the efficiency ratio, which management uses as a metric for assessing cost efficiency: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars in millions) Total non-interest expense 537.4 426.2 1,506.0 1,161.5 Less: Deposit costs 208.0 127.8 518.7 305.7 Total non-interest expense, excluding deposit costs 329.4 298.4 987.3 855.8 Divided by: Total net interest income 696.9 587.0 1,952.4 1,747.2 Plus: Tax equivalent interest adjustment 10.0 8.9 29.5 26.4 Total non-interest income 126.2 129.2 371.3 190.2 Less: Deposit costs 208.0 127.8 518.7 305.7 625.1 597.3 1,834.5 1,658.1 Efficiency ratio - tax equivalent basis 64.5 58.8 64.0 59.1 Efficiency ratio - tax equivalent basis, adjusted 52.7 50.0 53.8 51.6 
 Tangible Common Equity and Return on Average Tangible Common Equity 
 The following tables present financial measures related to tangible common equity. Tangible common equity represents total stockholders' equity reduced by goodwill and intangible assets and preferred stock. Management believes that tangible common equity financial measures are useful in evaluating the Company's capital strength, financial condition, and ability to manage potential losses. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars and shares in millions) Total stockholders' equity 6,677 6,078 Less: Goodwill and intangible assets 661 669 Preferred stock 295 295 Total tangible common stockholders' equity 5,721 5,114 Plus: deferred tax - attributed to intangible assets 2 2 Total tangible common equity, net of tax 5,723 5,116 Total assets 80,080 70,862 Less: goodwill and intangible assets, net 661 669 Tangible assets 79,419 70,193 Plus: deferred tax - attributed to intangible assets 2 2 Total tangible assets, net of tax 79,421 70,195 Tangible common equity ratio 7.2 7.3 Common shares outstanding 110.1 109.5 Book value per common share 57.97 52.81 Tangible book value per common share, net of tax 51.98 46.72 
 65 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars in millions) Net income available to common stockholders 196.6 213.4 561.2 564.9 Divided by: Average stockholders' equity 6,632 5,854 6,384 5,699 Less: Average goodwill and intangible assets 663 673 665 676 Average preferred stock 295 295 295 295 Average tangible common equity 5,674 4,886 5,424 4,728 Return on average tangible common equity 13.8 17.3 13.8 16.0 
 
 66 

Regulatory Capital 
 The following table presents certain financial measures related to regulatory capital under Basel III, which includes CET1 and total capital. The FRB and other banking regulators use CET1 and total capital as a basis for assessing a bank's capital adequacy; therefore, management believes it is useful to assess financial condition and capital adequacy using this same basis. Specifically, the total capital ratio takes into consideration the risk levels of assets and off-balance sheet financial instruments. In addition, management believes that the classified assets to CET1 plus allowance measure is an important regulatory metric for assessing asset quality. 
 As permitted by the regulatory capital rules, the Company elected the CECL transition option that delayed the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL over a five-year transition period ending December 31, 2024. Accordingly, capital ratios and amounts for 2024 include a 25 capital benefit that resulted from the increased ACL related to the adoption of ASC 326, compared to a 50 capital benefit for 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in millions) Common equity tier 1: Common equity 6,395 5,807 Less: Non-qualifying goodwill and intangibles 647 658 Disallowed deferred tax asset 3 3 AOCI related adjustments (382) (516) Unrealized gain on changes in fair value liabilities 1 3 Common equity tier 1 6,126 5,659 Divided by: Risk-weighted assets 54,785 52,517 Common equity tier 1 ratio 11.2 10.8 Common equity tier 1 6,126 5,659 Plus: Preferred stock and trust preferred securities 375 376 Tier 1 capital 6,501 6,035 Divided by: Tangible average assets 83,044 70,295 Tier 1 leverage ratio 7.8 8.6 Total capital: Tier 1 capital 6,501 6,035 Plus: Subordinated debt 819 818 Adjusted allowances for credit losses 390 348 Tier 2 capital 1,209 1,166 Total capital 7,710 7,201 Total capital ratio 14.1 13.7 Classified assets to tier 1 capital plus allowance: Classified assets 838 673 Divided by: Tier 1 capital 6,501 6,035 Plus: Adjusted allowances for credit losses 390 348 Total Tier 1 capital plus adjusted allowances for credit losses 6,891 6,383 Classified assets to tier 1 capital plus allowance 12.2 10.5 
 
 67 

Net Interest Margin 
 The net interest margin is reported on a TEB. A tax equivalent adjustment is added to reflect interest earned on certain securities and loans that are exempt from federal and state income tax. The following tables set forth the average balances, interest income, interest expense, and average yield (on a fully TEB) for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Average Yield / Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield / Cost (dollars in millions) Interest earning assets Loans HFS 4,288 66.9 6.21 3,069 47.3 6.11 Loans HFI: Commercial and industrial 21,982 392.0 7.15 16,855 324.3 7.70 CRE - non-owner-occupied 9,689 190.4 7.83 9,950 196.1 7.83 CRE - owner-occupied 1,833 28.2 6.23 1,790 26.4 5.97 Construction and land development 4,757 110.7 9.26 4,545 110.3 9.63 Residential real estate 14,441 156.1 4.30 14,914 155.0 4.12 Consumer 53 1.0 7.15 73 1.4 7.43 Total loans HFI (1), (2), (3) 52,755 878.4 6.65 48,127 813.5 6.73 Investment securities: Taxable 14,321 173.4 4.82 8,272 101.1 4.85 Tax-exempt 2,225 23.7 5.33 2,103 21.7 5.12 Total investment securities (1) 16,546 197.1 4.89 10,375 122.8 4.91 Cash and other 4,206 57.6 5.44 2,911 43.0 5.87 Total interest earning assets 77,795 1,200.0 6.19 64,482 1,026.6 6.37 Non-interest earning assets Cash and due from banks 278 279 Allowance for credit losses (366) (334) Bank owned life insurance 973 184 Other assets 4,409 4,513 Total assets 83,089 69,124 Interest bearing liabilities Interest bearing deposits: Interest bearing demand accounts 16,456 126.2 3.05 12,947 98.9 3.03 Savings and money market accounts 18,092 166.3 3.66 13,832 106.3 3.05 Certificates of deposit 10,134 129.6 5.09 9,125 111.0 4.83 Total interest bearing deposits 44,682 422.1 3.76 35,904 316.2 3.49 Short-term borrowings 4,214 57.8 5.46 6,260 97.2 6.16 Long-term debt 569 13.7 9.57 764 16.7 8.68 Qualifying debt 897 9.5 4.23 888 9.5 4.26 Total interest bearing liabilities 50,362 503.1 3.97 43,816 439.6 3.98 Interest cost of funding earning assets 2.58 2.70 Non-interest bearing liabilities Non-interest bearing deposits 24,638 18,402 Other liabilities 1,457 1,052 Stockholders equity 6,632 5,854 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 83,089 69,124 Net interest income and margin (4) 696.9 3.61 587.0 3.67 
 (1) Yields on loans and securities have been adjusted to a TEB. The taxable-equivalent adjustment was 10.0 million and 8.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Included in the yield computation are net loan fees of 21.7 million and 28.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Includes non-accrual loans. 
 (4) Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average earning assets, annualized on an actual/actual basis. 

68 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Average Yield / Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield / Cost (dollars in millions) Interest earning assets Loans HFS 3,192 149.1 6.24 3,858 183.8 6.37 Loans HFI: Commercial and industrial 20,220 1,107.8 7.38 17,669 994.7 7.59 CRE - non-owner occupied 9,613 560.6 7.80 9,743 546.2 7.50 CRE - owner occupied 1,835 83.5 6.18 1,805 76.2 5.76 Construction and land development 4,806 340.0 9.45 4,399 307.1 9.34 Residential real estate 14,565 470.0 4.31 15,250 438.8 3.85 Consumer 54 2.9 7.14 73 3.9 7.14 Total loans HFI (1), (2), (3) 51,093 2,564.8 6.74 48,939 2,366.9 6.49 Investment securities: Taxable 13,027 461.0 4.73 7,609 267.7 4.70 Tax-exempt 2,217 70.6 5.34 2,094 63.6 5.08 Total investment securities (1) 15,244 531.6 4.82 9,703 331.3 4.79 Cash and other 3,716 157.0 5.64 2,941 114.3 5.20 Total interest earning assets 73,245 3,402.5 6.26 65,441 2,996.3 6.18 Non-interest earning assets Cash and due from banks 285 268 Allowance for credit losses (355) (321) Bank owned life insurance 451 183 Other assets 4,501 4,600 Total assets 78,127 70,171 Interest bearing liabilities Interest bearing deposits: Interest bearing demand accounts 16,693 379.4 3.04 11,800 247.4 2.80 Savings and money market accounts 16,644 442.4 3.55 15,006 308.9 2.75 Certificates of deposit 10,230 391.2 5.11 7,437 242.6 4.36 Total interest bearing deposits 43,567 1,213.0 3.72 34,243 798.9 3.12 Short-term borrowings 4,032 170.4 5.65 8,578 355.2 5.54 Long-term debt 483 38.1 10.51 953 66.7 9.36 Qualifying debt 896 28.6 4.26 892 28.3 4.24 Total interest bearing liabilities 48,978 1,450.1 3.95 44,666 1,249.1 3.74 Interest cost of funding earning assets 2.65 2.56 Non-interest bearing liabilities Non-interest bearing deposits 21,284 18,534 Other liabilities 1,481 1,272 Stockholders equity 6,384 5,699 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 78,127 70,171 Net interest income and margin (4) 1,952.4 3.61 1,747.2 3.62 
 (1) Yields on loans and securities have been adjusted to a TEB. The taxable-equivalent adjustment was 29.5 million and 26.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Included in the yield computation are net loan fees of 86.9 million and 100.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Includes non-accrual loans. 
 (4) Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average earning assets, annualized on an actual/actual basis. 
 
 69 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus 2023 2024 versus 2023 Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes in (1) Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes in (1) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total (in millions) Interest income: Loans HFS 19.0 0.6 19.6 (31.1) (3.6) (34.7) Loans HFI: Commercial and industrial 91.4 (23.7) 67.7 139.7 (26.6) 113.1 CRE - non-owner occupied (5.1) (0.6) (5.7) (7.6) 22.0 14.4 CRE - owner-occupied 0.7 1.1 1.8 1.4 5.9 7.3 Construction and land development 4.9 (4.5) 0.4 28.8 4.1 32.9 Residential real estate (5.1) 6.2 1.1 (22.1) 53.3 31.2 Consumer (0.4) (0.4) (1.0) (1.0) Total loans HFI 86.4 (21.5) 64.9 139.2 58.7 197.9 Investment securities: Taxable 73.2 (0.9) 72.3 191.7 1.6 193.3 Tax-exempt 1.3 0.7 2.0 3.9 3.1 7.0 Total investment securities 74.5 (0.2) 74.3 195.6 4.7 200.3 Cash and other 17.7 (3.1) 14.6 32.7 10.0 42.7 Total interest income 197.6 (24.2) 173.4 336.4 69.8 406.2 Interest expense: Interest bearing demand accounts 26.9 0.4 27.3 111.2 20.8 132.0 Savings and money market accounts 39.2 20.8 60.0 43.5 90.0 133.5 Certificates of deposit 12.9 5.7 18.6 106.8 41.8 148.6 Total deposits 79.0 26.9 105.9 261.5 152.6 414.1 Short-term borrowings (28.1) (11.3) (39.4) (192.1) 7.3 (184.8) Long-term debt (4.7) 1.7 (3.0) (37.1) 8.5 (28.6) Qualifying debt 0.1 (0.1) 0.1 0.2 0.3 Total interest expense 46.3 17.2 63.5 32.4 168.6 201.0 Net change 151.3 (41.4) 109.9 304.0 (98.8) 205.2 
 (1) Changes attributable to both volume and rate are designated as volume changes. 
 Comparison of interest income, interest expense and net interest margin 
 The Company's primary source of revenue is interest income. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest income was 1.2 billion, an increase of 173.4 million, or 16.9 , compared to 1.0 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily the result of a 74.3 million increase in interest income from investment securities resulting from an increase in the average investment balance of 6.2 billion and a 64.9 million increase in interest income from loans HFI that was driven by higher average HFI loan balances of 4.6 billion. Higher average balances for loans HFS and cash and other also contributed 19.6 million and 14.6 million, respectively, to the increase in interest income. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income was 3.4 billion, an increase of 406.2 million, or 13.6 , compared to 3.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily the result of a 200.3 million increase in investment income from investment securities due primarily to an increase in the average investment balance of 5.5 billion and a 197.9 million increase in interest income from loans HFI driven by a 2.2 billion increase in the average HFI loan balance coupled with higher yields. These increases were offset in part by a decrease in interest income from loans HFS of 34.7 million driven by a lower average HFS loan balance of 665.5 million. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense was 503.1 million, an increase of 63.5 million, or 14.4 , compared to 439.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest expense was due to an increase in interest expense on deposits of 105.9 million driven by an 8.8 billion increase in the average interest bearing deposit balance and increased interest rates, partially offset by a 42.4 million decrease in interest expense on total borrowings resulting from a decrease in average borrowing balances of 2.2 billion. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense was 1.5 billion, an increase of 201.0 million, or 16.1 , compared to 1.2 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Interest expense on deposits increased 414.1 million 
 70 

for the same period driven by a 9.3 billion increase in average interest bearing deposits and increased interest rates, partially offset by a 213.4 million decrease in interest expense on total borrowings resulting from a decrease in average borrowing balances of 5.0 billion. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income totaled 696.9 million, an increase of 109.9 million, or 18.7 , compared to 587.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net interest income was driven by a 13.3 billion increase in average interest-earning assets, partially offset by an increase in funding costs driven by the higher rate environment. The decrease in net interest margin of 6 basis points to 3.61 is largely the result of an increase in both the average balances and rates of deposits, partially offset by an increase in average loans HFI and investment securities balances and yields compared to the same period in 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income was 2.0 billion, an increase of 205.2 million, or 11.7 , compared to 1.7 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net interest income reflects a 7.8 billion increase in average interest-earning assets and related yields, partially offset by an increase of 4.3 billion in average interest bearing liabilities. The decrease in net interest margin of 1 basis point to 3.61 is the result of a higher rate environment as explained in the above paragraphs. 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses in each period is reflected as a reduction in earnings for that period and includes amounts related to funded loans, unfunded loan commitments, and investment securities. The provision is equal to the amount required to maintain the ACL at a level that is adequate to absorb estimated lifetime credit losses inherent in the loan and investment securities portfolios based on remaining contractual maturity, adjusted for estimated prepayments as of each period end. The Company's CECL models incorporate historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts in measuring expected credit losses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 33.6 million and 85.9 million, respectively, compared to 12.1 million and 53.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The provision for credit losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily reflective of net charge-offs of 26.6 million and 59.2 million, respectively, and loan growth. 
 Non-interest Income 
 The following table presents a summary of non-interest income: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net gain on loan origination and sale activities 46.3 52.0 (5.7) 138.4 145.7 (7.3) Service charges and loan fees 30.1 29.7 0.4 64.3 72.3 (8.0) Net loan servicing revenue 12.3 27.2 (14.9) 96.8 93.2 3.6 Income from equity investments 5.8 0.5 5.3 27.1 2.6 24.5 Gain (loss) on sales of investment securities 8.8 0.1 8.7 10.2 (26.0) 36.2 Fair value gain (loss) adjustments, net 4.1 17.8 (13.7) 5.1 (117.3) 122.4 Gain (loss) on recovery from credit guarantees 0.2 (4.0) 4.2 (2.8) 0.5 (3.3) Other income 18.6 5.9 12.7 32.2 19.2 13.0 Total non-interest income 126.2 129.2 (3.0) 371.3 190.2 181.1 
 Total non-interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 decreased 3.0 million. The decrease in non-interest income from the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by decreases in net loan servicing revenue of 14.9 million and fair value gain adjustments, net of 13.7 million, partially offset by an increase in other income of 12.7 million from new bank owned life insurance policies and an increase in gain on sales of investment securities of 8.7 million. 
 Total non-interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 181.1 million compared to the same period in 2023. Non-interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was impacted by the Company's balance sheet repositioning actions, which were largely completed by the end of 2023. These actions resulted in losses of 117.3 million related to fair value adjustments from transferring loans from HFI to HFS and losses on sales of investment securities of 26.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which did not reoccur in the current period. 
 71 

Non-interest Expense 
 The following table presents a summary of non-interest expense: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Deposit costs 208.0 127.8 80.2 518.7 305.7 213.0 Salaries and employee benefits 157.8 137.2 20.6 465.7 431.7 34.0 Data processing 38.7 33.9 4.8 110.4 88.9 21.5 Insurance 35.4 33.1 2.3 128.1 81.8 46.3 Legal, professional, and directors' fees 24.8 28.3 (3.5) 80.7 77.8 2.9 Loan servicing expenses 18.7 11.9 6.8 50.3 44.1 6.2 Occupancy 17.6 16.8 0.8 53.5 48.7 4.8 Business development and marketing 9.7 4.9 4.8 21.6 15.1 6.5 Loan acquisition and origination expenses 5.9 5.6 0.3 15.8 15.6 0.2 Gain on extinguishment of debt (13.4) 13.4 Other expense 20.8 26.7 (5.9) 61.2 65.5 (4.3) Total non-interest expense 537.4 426.2 111.2 1,506.0 1,161.5 344.5 
 Total non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 111.2 million compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in non-interest expense was primarily d riven by an increase in deposit costs related to higher ECR balances and rates. ECR balances increased 9.0 billion to 26.1 billion as of September 30, 2024 from 17.1 billion as of September 30, 2023. 
 Total non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 344.5 million compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in non-interest expense for this period was primarily driven by an increase in deposit and insurance costs. Higher ECR balances and rates drove the increase in deposit costs. The increase in insurance costs is due to elevated insured and brokered deposit levels and a net FDIC special assessment charge of 9.4 million recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company's effective tax rate was 20.7 and 22.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 22.0 and 20.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in pre-tax book income. The increase in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in expected investment tax credit benefits, an increase in nondeductible insurance premiums, and shortfalls from stock compensation expense during 2024. 
 
 72 

Business Segment Results 
 The Company's reportable segments are aggregated with a focus on products and services offered and consist of three reportable segments: 
 Commercial: provides commercial banking and treasury management products and services to small and middle-market businesses, specialized banking services to sophisticated commercial institutions and investors within niche industries, as well as financial services to the real estate industry. 
 Consumer Related: offers both commercial banking services to enterprises in consumer-related sectors and consumer banking services, such as residential mortgage banking. 
 Corporate Other: consists of the Company's investment portfolio, Corporate borrowings and other related items, income and expense items not allocated to other reportable segments, and inter-segment eliminations. 
 The following tables present selected reportable segment information: 
 Consolidated Company Commercial Consumer Related Corporate Other At September 30, 2024 (in millions) Loans HFI, net of deferred fees and costs 53,346 31,518 21,828 Deposits 68,040 24,335 37,183 6,522 At December 31, 2023 Loans HFI, net of deferred fees and costs 50,297 29,136 21,161 Deposits 55,333 23,897 24,925 6,511 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 252.1 139.3 113.5 (0.7) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Income before provision for income taxes 731.8 411.4 303.1 17.3 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Income before provision for income taxes 277.9 196.1 68.9 12.9 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 722.6 576.8 182.4 (36.6) 

73 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 Total assets increased 9.2 billion to 80.1 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 70.9 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in total assets was primarily driven by an increase in deposits, which contributed to increases in investment securities and cash of 3.7 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively, and funded HFI loan growth of 3.0 billion. Loans HFI increased 3.0 billion, or 6.1 , to 53.3 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to 50.3 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase in loans HFI from December 31, 2023 was driven by a 3.4 billion increase in commercial and industrial loans from December 31, 2023, partially offset by decreases in residential real estate and construction and land development loans of 383 million and 162 million, respectively. Loans HFS increased 925 million from 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2023 due to an increase in agency-conforming and non-EBO loans. 
 Total liabilities increased 8.6 billion to 73.4 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 64.8 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in liabilities is due primarily to an increase in total deposits of 12.7 billion, or 23.0 , to 68.0 billion. By type, the increase in deposits from December 31, 2023 was driven by increases of 10.4 billion in non-interest bearing deposits and 4.8 billion in savings and money market accounts, partially offset by decreases in interest bearing demand deposits and certificates of deposit of 2.1 billion and 452 million, respectively. Other borrowings decreased 4.2 billion from December 31, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in short-term borrowings, partially offset by a 1.0 billion increase in long-term borrowings from FHLB advances. 
 Total stockholders equity of 6.7 billion at September 30, 2024 increased by 599 million, or 9.9 , from December 31, 2023. The increase in stockholders' equity is primarily a function of net income and unrealized fair value gains on AFS securities, recorded net of tax in other comprehensive income, offset by quarterly dividends to common and preferred stockholders. 
 Investment securities 
 Debt securities are classified at the time of acquisition as either HTM, AFS, or trading based upon various factors, including asset/liability management strategies, liquidity and profitability objectives, and regulatory requirements. HTM securities are carried at amortized cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts. AFS securities are debt securities that may be sold prior to maturity based upon asset/liability management decisions. Investment securities classified as AFS are carried at fair value with unrealized gains or losses on these securities recorded in AOCI in stockholders equity, net of tax. Amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts on MBS is periodically adjusted for estimated prepayments. Trading securities are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses on these securities included in current period earnings. 
 The Company's investment securities portfolio is utilized as collateral for borrowings, required collateral for public deposits and repurchase agreements, and to manage liquidity, capital, and interest rate risk. 
 The following table summarizes the carrying value of the Company's investment securities portfolio: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Increase (Decrease) (in millions) Debt securities Residential MBS issued by GSEs 5,629 1,972 3,657 U.S. Treasury securities 5,600 4,853 747 Tax-exempt 2,216 2,101 115 Private label residential MBS 1,221 1,303 (82) Commercial MBS issued by GSEs 653 530 123 CLO 508 1,399 (891) Corporate debt securities 379 367 12 Other 69 69 Total debt securities 16,275 12,594 3,681 Equity securities Preferred stock 91 100 (9) CRA investments 26 26 Total equity securities 117 126 (9) 
 The increases in Residential MBS issued by GSEs and U.S. Treasury securities from December 31, 2023 are primarily due the Company's efforts to shift its investment portfolio mix toward high quality liquid assets, which also included the sale of CLOs. 
 74 

Loans HFS 
 The Company purchases and originates residential mortgage loans through its AmeriHome mortgage banking business channel that are held for sale or securitization. As of September 30, 2024, loans HFS totaled 2.3 billion, compared to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2023, an increase of 925 million primarily related to an increase in agency-conforming and non-EBO loans. 
 Loans HFI 
 The table below summarizes the distribution of the Company s held for investment loan portfolio: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Increase (Decrease) (in millions) Warehouse lending 7,873 6,618 1,255 Municipal nonprofit 1,667 1,554 113 Tech innovation 3,220 2,808 412 Equity fund resources 906 845 61 Other commercial and industrial 9,073 7,452 1,621 CRE - owner occupied 1,665 1,658 7 Hotel franchise finance 3,686 3,855 (169) Other CRE - non-owner occupied 6,398 5,974 424 Residential 12,983 13,287 (304) Residential - EBO 1,037 1,223 (186) Construction and land development 4,665 4,862 (197) Other 173 161 12 Total loans HFI 53,346 50,297 3,049 Allowance for credit losses (357) (337) (20) Total loans HFI, net of allowance 52,989 49,960 3,029 
 Loans classified as HFI are stated at the amount of unpaid principal, adjusted for net deferred fees and costs, premiums and discounts on acquired and purchased loans, and an ACL. Net deferred loan fees of 107 million and 108 million reduced the carrying value of loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Net unamortized purchase premiums on acquired and purchased loans of 173 million and 177 million increased the carrying value of loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Concentrations of Lending Activities 
 The Company monitors concentrations of lending activities at the product and borrower relationship level. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no borrower relationships at both the commitment and funded loan level exceeded 5 of total loans HFI. 
 Commercial and industrial loans made up 42 and 38 of total loans HFI as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 In addition, the Company's loan portfolio includes significant credit exposure to the CRE market as CRE related loans accounted for approximately 31 and 33 of total loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively. Non-owner occupied CRE loans are CRE loans for which the primary source of repayment is rental income generated from the collateral property. Owner occupied CRE loans are loans secured by owner occupied non-farm nonresidential properties for which the primary source of repayment (more than 50 is the cash flow from the ongoing operations and activities conducted by the borrower who owns the property. These CRE loans are secured by multi-family residential properties, professional offices, industrial facilities, retail centers, hotels, and other commercial properties. 
 75 

The following tables present the composition by property type and weighted average LTV of the Company s CRE non-owner occupied loans: 
 September 30, 2024 Amount Percent of CRE-Non OO Percent of Total HFI Loans Weighted Average LTV (1) (dollars in millions) Hotel 4,047 41.3 7.6 49.2 Office 2,421 24.7 4.5 64.2 Retail 806 8.2 1.5 57.0 Multifamily 575 5.9 1.1 43.9 Industrial 523 5.3 1.0 42.7 Time share 454 4.6 0.8 34.9 Medical 144 1.5 0.3 61.4 Senior care 142 1.4 0.3 42.1 Other 689 7.1 1.3 50.6 Total CRE - non-owner occupied 9,801 100.0 18.4 52.4 
 (1) The weighted average LTVs in the above table are based on the most recent available information, if current appraisals are not available . 
 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent of CRE-Non OO Percent of Total HFI Loans Weighted Average LTV (1) (dollars in millions) Hotel 4,235 43.9 8.4 48.1 Office 2,358 24.4 4.7 58.8 Retail 753 7.8 1.5 61.0 Multifamily 566 5.9 1.1 49.7 Industrial 565 5.8 1.1 50.4 Time share 378 3.9 0.8 34.9 Senior care 160 1.7 0.3 41.8 Medical 124 1.3 0.2 51.2 Other 511 5.3 1.0 43.4 Total CRE - non-owner occupied 9,650 100.0 19.2 51.1 
 (1) The weighted average LTVs in the above table are based on the most recent available information, if current appraisals are not available . 
 The following table presents the Company s CRE non-owner occupied loans by origination year as of September 30, 2024: 
 (in millions) 2024 654 2023 894 2022 3,497 2021 1,762 2020 682 Prior 2,312 Total 9,801 
 The following table presents the scheduled maturities of the Company s CRE non-owner occupied loans as of September 30, 2024: 
 (in millions) 2024 902 2025 1,959 2026 2,342 2027 2,337 2028 975 Thereafter 1,286 Total 9,801 
 76 

Approximately 2.4 billion, or 4.5 , of total loans HFI consisted of CRE non-owner occupied office loans as of September 30, 2024, compared to 2.4 billion, or 4.7 , as of December 31, 2023. Of the non-owner occupied office loan balance as of September 30, 2024, 166 million is scheduled to mature in the remainder of 2024. These office loans primarily consist of shorter-term bridge loans that enable borrowers to reposition or redevelop projects with more modern standards attractive to in-office employers in today s environment, including enhanced on-site amenities. The vast majority of these projects are located in suburban locations in the Company's core footprint states (Arizona, California, and Nevada), with central business district and midtown exposure totaling approximately 2 and 10 of office loans as of September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 The office loan portfolio largely consists of value-add loans that require significant up-front cash equity contributions from institutional sponsors and large regional and national developers. The properties underlying these loans have stable business trends and low vacancy rates. To a large extent, the financing structures of these loans do not carry junior liens or mezzanine debt, which enables maximum flexibility when working with clients and sponsors. In addition to adhering to conservative underwriting standards, asset-specific credit risk is mitigated through continued sponsor support of projects by re-appraisal rights of the Company, re-margining requirements and ongoing debt service, and debt yield covenants. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 16 of the Company's CRE loans, excluding construction and land loans, were owner occupied, with substantially all of these loans secured by first liens and had an initial loan-to-value ratio of generally not more than 75 . 
 Non-performing Assets 
 Total non-performing loans increased 79 million to 489 million at September 30, 2024, from 410 million at December 31, 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in millions) Total nonaccrual loans (1) 349 273 Loans past due 90 days or more on accrual status (2) 4 42 Accruing restructured loans 136 95 Total nonperforming loans 489 410 Other assets acquired through foreclosure, net 8 8 Nonaccrual loans to funded loans HFI 0.65 0.54 Loans past due 90 days or more on accrual status to funded loans HFI 0.01 0.08 
 (1) Includes loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty of 136 million and 129 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Excludes government guaranteed residential mortgage loans of 313 million and 399 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Interest income that would have been recorded under the original terms of nonaccrual loans was 6.6 million and 4.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 18.4 million and 8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 77 

The composition of nonaccrual loans HFI by loan portfolio segment were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 Nonaccrual Balance Percent of Nonaccrual Balance Percent of Total Loans HFI (dollars in millions) Municipal nonprofit 6 1.7 0.01 Tech innovation 64 18.3 0.12 Other commercial and industrial 12 3.4 0.02 CRE - owner occupied 6 1.7 0.01 Other CRE - non-owner occupied 163 46.7 0.31 Residential 79 22.6 0.15 Construction and land development 18 5.2 0.03 Other 1 0.4 0.00 Total non-accrual loans 349 100.0 0.65 
 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual Balance Percent of Nonaccrual Balance Percent of Total Loans HFI (dollars in millions) Municipal nonprofit 6 2.2 0.01 Tech innovation 33 12.1 0.06 Other commercial and industrial 53 19.4 0.11 CRE - owner occupied 9 3.3 0.02 Other CRE - non-owner occupied 83 30.4 0.16 Residential 70 25.6 0.14 Construction and land development 19 7.0 0.04 Total non-accrual loans 273 100.0 0.54 
 Restructurings for Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 The following tables present loan modifications during the period to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty: 
 Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2024 Payment Delay and Term Extension Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Total Class of Financing Receivable Three Months Ended (in millions) Tech innovation 2 2 0.1 Other commercial and industrial 87 87 1.0 Total 2 87 89 0.2 
 Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2024 Payment Delay and Term Extension Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Total Class of Financing Receivable Nine Months Ended (dollars in millions) Tech innovation 2 29 31 1.0 Other commercial and industrial 8 87 95 1.0 Other CRE - non-owner occupied 56 56 0.9 Construction and land development 41 41 0.9 Total 49 2 172 223 0.4 
 78 

Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2023 Payment Delay and Term Extension Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Total Class of Financing Receivable Three Months Ended (dollars in millions) Tech innovation 7 7 0.3 Other commercial and industrial 1 12 13 0.2 CRE - owner occupied 3 3 0.2 Hotel franchise finance 20 20 0.5 Other CRE - non-owner occupied 20 20 0.3 Total 44 19 63 0.1 
 Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2023 Payment Delay and Term Extension Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Total Class of Financing Receivable Nine Months Ended (dollars in millions) Tech innovation 2 7 9 0.4 Other commercial and industrial 24 12 36 0.6 CRE - owner occupied 3 3 0.2 Hotel franchise finance 46 46 1.1 Other CRE - non-owner occupied 48 48 0.8 Residential 1 1 0.0 Total 2 121 20 143 0.3 
 The performance of these modified loans is monitored for 12 months following the modification. As of September 30, 2024, modified loans of 136 million were current with contractual payments and 136 million were on nonaccrual status. As of December 31, 2023, modified loans of 95 million were current with contractual payments and 111 million were on nonaccrual status. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company also modifies EBO loans, which are delinquent FHA, VA, or USDA insured or guaranteed loans repurchased under the terms of the GNMA MBS program and can be repooled or resold when loans are brought current either through the borrower's reperformance or completion of a loan modification. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed modifications of EBO loans with an amortized cost of 106 million and 285 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company completed modifications of EBO loans with an amortized cost of 84 million and 176 million, respectively. These modifications were largely payment delays and term extensions. Certain of these loans were repooled or resold after modification and are no longer included in the pool of loan modifications being monitored for future performance. As of September 30, 2024, modified EBO loans consisted of 39 million in loans that were current to 89 days delinquent and 9 million in loans 90 days or more delinquent. As of December 31, 2023, modified EBO loans consisted of 38 million in loans that were current to 89 days delinquent and 12 million in loans 90 days or more delinquent. 
 
 79 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans HFI 
 The ACL consists of an ACL on loans and on unfunded loan commitments. The ACL on AFS and HTM securities is estimated separately from loans and is discussed within the Investment Securities section. 
 The following table summarizes the allocation of the ACL on loans HFI by loan portfolio segment: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Allowance for credit losses Percent of total allowance for credit losses Percent of loan type to total loans HFI Allowance for credit losses Percent of total allowance for credit losses Percent of loan type to total loans HFI (dollars in millions) Warehouse lending 5.9 1.7 14.8 5.8 1.7 13.2 Municipal nonprofit 13.7 3.8 3.1 14.7 4.4 3.1 Tech innovation 62.7 17.6 6.0 42.1 12.5 5.6 Equity fund resources 1.9 0.5 1.7 1.3 0.4 1.7 Other commercial and industrial 85.9 24.1 17.0 81.4 24.2 14.8 CRE - owner occupied 4.8 1.3 3.1 6.0 1.8 3.3 Hotel franchise finance 39.1 11.0 6.9 33.4 9.9 7.6 Other CRE - non-owner occupied 93.5 26.2 12.0 96.0 28.5 11.9 Residential 19.2 5.4 24.3 23.1 6.9 26.4 Residential - EBO 2.0 2.4 Construction and land development 27.1 7.6 8.8 30.4 9.0 9.6 Other 2.8 0.8 0.3 2.5 0.7 0.4 Total 356.6 100.0 100.0 336.7 100.0 100.0 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, annualized net loan charge-offs to average loans outstanding were 0.20 and 0.06 , respectively. 
 In addition to the ACL on funded loans HFI, the Company maintains a separate ACL related to off-balance sheet credit exposures, including unfunded loan commitments. This allowance balance totaled 38 million and 32 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 80 

Problem Loans 
 The Company classifies loans consistent with federal banking regulations using a nine category grading system. The following table presents information regarding potential and actual problem loans, consisting of loans graded as Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, and Loss, but which are still performing: 
 September 30, 2024 Number of Loans Problem Loan Balance Percent of Problem Loan Balance Percent of Total Loans HFI (dollars in millions) Warehouse lending 1 10 1.7 0.02 Municipal nonprofit 2 18 3.1 0.03 Other commercial and industrial 107 100 16.9 0.19 CRE - owner occupied 9 8 1.4 0.01 Hotel franchise finance 6 94 15.9 0.18 Other CRE - non-owner occupied 13 265 44.8 0.50 Residential 144 82 13.9 0.15 Construction and land development 2 12 2.0 0.02 Other 31 2 0.3 0.01 Total 315 591 100.0 1.11 
 December 31, 2023 Number of Loans Problem Loan Balance Percent of Problem Loan Balance Percent of Total Loans HFI (dollars in millions) Warehouse lending 1 26 3.6 0.05 Municipal nonprofit 2 18 2.5 0.04 Tech innovation 14 49 6.8 0.10 Other commercial and industrial 50 95 13.2 0.19 CRE - owner occupied 9 3 0.4 0.01 Hotel franchise finance 9 203 28.3 0.40 Other CRE - non-owner occupied 15 251 35.0 0.50 Residential 143 72 10.0 0.14 Construction and land development 1 1 0.1 0.00 Other 20 1 0.1 0.00 Total 264 719 100.0 1.43 
 
 81 

Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 The fair value of the Company's MSRs related to residential mortgage loans totaled 1.0 billion and 1.1 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The following is a summary of the UPB of loans underlying the Company's MSR portfolio by type: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in millions) FNMA and FHLMC 43,119 46,840 GNMA 17,930 19,848 Non-agency 2,724 1,959 Total unpaid principal balance of loans 63,773 68,647 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill represents the excess consideration paid for net assets acquired in a business combination over their fair value. Goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in a business combination that are determined to have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization, but are subsequently evaluated for impairment at least annually. The Company has goodwill and intangible assets totaling 661 million and 669 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company performs its annual goodwill and intangible assets impairment tests as of October 1 each year, or more often if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no events or circumstances that indicated an interim impairment test of goodwill or other intangible assets was necessary. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company evaluated whether the effects from the bank failures in 2023 gave rise to a triggering event and elected to perform a Step 0 goodwill impairment assessment, which included assessing the financial performance of the Company and analyzing qualitative factors applicable to the Company. Based on this assessment, the Company determined that it was more likely than not the fair value of the Company and its reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values as of September 30, 2023. 
 Deferred Tax Assets 
 As of September 30, 2024, the net DTA balance totaled 254 million, a decrease of 33 million from 287 million at December 31, 2023. This overall decrease in the net DTA was primarily the result of an increase in the fair market value of AFS securities, partially offset by an increase in credit carryovers and state net operating losses. 
 Deposits 
 Deposits are the primary source for funding the Company's asset growth. Total deposit s increased to 68.0 billion at September 30, 2024, from 55.3 billion at December 31, 2023, an increase of 12.7 billion, or 23.0 . By deposit type, the increase in deposits is attributable to increases of 10.4 billion in non-interest bearing deposits and 4.8 billion in savings and money market accounts, partially offset by decreases of 2.1 billion in interest bearing demand deposits and 452 million in certificates of deposit. 
 WAB is a participant in the IntraFi Network, a network that offers deposit placement services such as CDARS and ICS, which offer products that qualify large deposits for FDIC insurance. At September 30, 2024, the Company had 13.1 billion of these reciprocal deposits, compared to 13.3 billion at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company also had wholesale brokered deposits of 6.0 billion and 6.6 billion, respectively. 
 In addition, deposits for which the Company provides account holders with earnings credits or referral fees totaled 26.1 billion and 17.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Costs related to these deposits are primarily reported as Deposit costs in non-interest expense. Deposit costs include 201.7 million and 123.7 million in deposit related costs on these deposits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 500.4 million and 297.1 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Th e increase in these costs from the prior year is due to an increase in average deposit balances eligible for earnings credits or referral fees as well as an increase in earnings credit rates. 
 
 82 

The average balances and weighted average rates paid on deposits are presented below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Rate Average Balance Rate (dollars in millions) Interest bearing demand accounts 16,456 3.05 12,947 3.03 Savings and money market accounts 18,092 3.66 13,832 3.05 Certificates of deposit 10,134 5.09 9,125 4.83 Total interest bearing deposits 44,682 3.76 35,904 3.49 Non-interest bearing deposits 24,638 18,402 Total deposits 69,320 2.42 54,306 2.31 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Rate Average Balance Rate (dollars in millions) Interest-bearing demand accounts 16,693 3.04 11,800 2.80 Savings and money market accounts 16,644 3.55 15,006 2.75 Certificates of deposit 10,230 5.11 7,437 4.36 Total interest bearing deposits 43,567 3.72 34,243 3.12 Non-interest bearing deposits 21,284 18,534 Total deposits 64,851 2.50 52,777 2.02 
 Other Borrowings 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 The Company utilizes short-term borrowed funds to support short-term liquidity needs. The majority of these short-term borrowed funds consist of advances from the FHLB, repurchase agreements, and federal funds purchased from correspondent banks or the FHLB. The Company s borrowing capacity with the FHLB is determined based on collateral pledged, generally consisting of securities and loans. In addition, the Company has repurchase facilities, collateralized by securities, including assets sold under agreements to repurchase, which are reflected at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction, and may require additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying assets. Total short-term borrowings decreased 5.2 billion to 1.6 billion at September 30, 2024 from 6.8 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was driven by decreases in FHLB advances of 4.7 billion, repurchase agreements of 377 million, and federal funds purchased of 175 million. 
 Long-Term Borrowings 
 The Company's long-term borrowings consist of long-term FHLB borrowings and credit linked notes, inclusive of issuance costs. At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of long-term borrowings was 1.4 billion, compared to 446 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in long-term borrowings of 982 million was driven by long-term advances with the FHLB entered into during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Qualifying Debt 
 Qualifying debt consists of subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt, inclusive of issuance costs and fair market value adjustments. At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of qualifying debt was 898 million, compared to 895 million at December 31, 2023. 
 83 

Capital Resources 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could trigger certain mandatory or discretionary actions that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s business and financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items (discussed in "Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies" to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements) as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 As permitted by the regulatory capital rules, the Company elected the CECL transition option that delayed the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL over a five-year transition period ending December 31, 2024. Accordingly, capital ratios and amounts in 2024 include a 25 capital benefit that resulted from the increased ACL related to the adoption of ASC 326, compared to a 50 capital benefit for 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company and the Bank exceeded the capital levels necessary to be classified as well-capitalized, as defined by the various banking agencies. The actual capital amounts and ratios for the Company and the Bank are presented in the following tables: 
 Total Capital Tier 1 Capital Risk-Weighted Assets Tangible Average Assets Total Capital Ratio Tier 1 Capital Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 (dollars in millions) September 30, 2024 WAL 7,710 6,501 54,785 83,044 14.1 11.9 7.8 11.2 WAB 7,241 6,626 54,673 82,921 13.2 12.1 8.0 12.1 Well-capitalized ratios 10.0 8.0 5.0 6.5 Minimum capital ratios 8.0 6.0 4.0 4.5 December 31, 2023 WAL 7,201 6,035 52,517 70,295 13.7 11.5 8.6 10.8 WAB 6,802 6,229 52,508 70,347 13.0 11.9 8.9 11.9 Well-capitalized ratios 10.0 8.0 5.0 6.5 Minimum capital ratios 8.0 6.0 4.0 4.5 
 The Company and the Bank are also subject to liquidity and other regulatory requirements as administered by the federal banking agencies. These agencies have broad powers and at their discretion, could limit or prohibit the Company's payment of dividends, payment of certain debt service and issuance of capital stock and debt as they deem appropriate and as such, actions by the agencies could have a direct material effect on the Company s business and financial statements. 
 The Company is also required to maintain specified levels of capital to remain in good standing with certain federal government agencies, including FNMA, FHLMC, GNMA, and HUD. These capital requirements are generally tied to the unpaid balances of loans included in the Company's servicing portfolio or loan production volume. Noncompliance with these capital requirements can result in various remedial actions up to, and including, removing the Company's ability to sell loans to and service loans on behalf of the respective agency. The Company believes that it is in compliance with these requirements as of September 30, 2024. 

84 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Critical accounting estimates are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties and could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. The critical accounting estimates upon which the Company's financial condition and results of operations depend, and which involve the most complex subjective decisions or assessments, are included in the discussion entitled "Critical Accounting Policies" in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, and all amendments thereto, as filed with the SEC. There were no material changes to the critical accounting policies disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity is the ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, fund asset growth and business operations, and meet contractual obligations through unconstrained access to funding at reasonable market rates. Liquidity management involves forecasting funding requirements and maintaining sufficient capacity to meet the needs and accommodate fluctuations in asset and liability levels due to changes in the Company's business operations or unanticipated events. 
 The ability to have readily available funds sufficient to repay fully maturing liabilities is of primary importance to depositors, creditors, and regulators. The Company's liquidity, represented by cash and amounts due from banks, federal funds sold, loans HFS, and non-pledged marketable securities, is a result of the Company's operating, investing, and financing activities and related cash flows. The Company actively monitors and manages liquidity, and no less than quarterly will estimate probable liquidity needs on a 12-month horizon. Liquidity needs can also be met through short-term borrowings or the disposition of short-term assets. 
 The following table presents the available and outstanding balances on the Company's lines of credit: 
 September 30, 2024 Available Balance Outstanding Balance (in millions) Unsecured fed funds credit lines at correspondent banks 1,353 
 In addition to lines of credit, the Company has borrowing capacity with the FHLB and FRB from pledged loans and securities and warehouse borrowing lines of credit. The borrowing capacity, outstanding borrowings, and available credit are presented in the following table: 
 September 30, 2024 (in millions) FHLB: Borrowing capacity 14,391 Outstanding borrowings 2,500 Letters of credit 169 Total available credit 11,722 FRB: Borrowing capacity 10,455 Outstanding borrowings Total available credit 10,455 Warehouse borrowings: Borrowing capacity 2,250 Outstanding borrowings Total available credit 2,250 
 The Company has a formal liquidity policy and, in the opinion of management, its liquid assets are considered adequate to meet financial obligations and support client activity during normal and stressed operating conditions. At September 30, 2024, there were 14.1 billion in liquid assets, comprised of 1.6 billion in cash on deposit at the FRB and 12.5 billion in securities not currently used as collateral for borrowings or other purposes. At December 31, 2023, the Company maintained 6.9 billion in liquid assets, comprised of 785 million in cash on deposit at the FRB and 6.1 billion in liquid securities not currently used as collateral for borrowings or other purposes. 
 85 

The Parent maintains liquidity that would be sufficient to fund its operations and certain non-bank affiliate operations for an extended period should funding from normal sources be disrupted. In the Company's analysis of Parent liquidity, it is assumed the Parent is unable to generate funds from additional debt or equity issuances, receives no dividend income from subsidiaries and does not pay dividends to stockholders, while continuing to make non-discretionary payments needed to maintain operations and repayment of contractual principal and interest payments owed by the Parent and affiliated companies. Under this scenario, the amount of time the Parent and its non-bank subsidiary can operate and meet all obligations before the current liquid assets are exhausted is considered as part of the Parent liquidity analysis. Management believes the Parent maintains adequate liquidity capacity to operate without additional funding from new sources for over twelve months. 
 WAB maintains sufficient funding capacity to address large increases in funding requirements, such as deposit outflows. This capacity is comprised of liquidity derived from a reduction in asset levels and various secured funding sources. On a long-term basis, the Company s liquidity will be met by changing the relative distribution of its asset portfolios (for example, by reducing investment or loan volumes, or selling or encumbering assets). Further, the Company can increase liquidity by soliciting higher levels of deposit accounts through promotional activities and/or borrowing from correspondent banks, the FHLB of San Francisco, and the FRB. At September 30, 2024, the Company's long-term liquidity needs primarily relate to funds required to support loan originations, commitments, and deposit withdrawals, which can be met by cash flows from investment payments and maturities, and investment sales, if necessary. 
 The Company s liquidity is comprised of three primary classifications: 1) cash flows provided by operating activities; 2) cash flows used in investing activities; and 3) cash flows provided by financing activities. Net cash provided by or used in operating activities consists primarily of net income, adjusted for changes in certain other asset and liability accounts and certain non-cash income and expense items, such as the provision for credit losses, investment and other amortization and depreciation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 2.1 billion and 669.8 million, respectively. 
 The Company's primary investing activities are the origination of real estate and commercial loans, the collection of repayments of these loans, and the purchase and sale of securities. The Company's net cash used in investing activities has been primarily influenced by its loan and securities activities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's cash balance decreased by 3.2 billion as a result of a net increase in loans, compared to an increase in cash of 1.9 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 from a net decrease in loans. A net increase in investment securities of 3.2 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 contributed to the decrease to the Company's cash balance during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, while a net increase in investment securities of 2.6 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, partially offset the increase in cash. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities has been impacted significantly by deposit levels. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net deposits increased 12.7 billion, compared to an increase in net deposits of 642.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Fluctuations in core deposit levels may increase the Company's need for liquidity as certificates of deposit mature or are withdrawn before maturity, and as non-maturity deposits, such as checking and savings account balances, are withdrawn. Additionally, the Company is exposed to the risk that customers with large deposit balances will withdraw all or a portion of such deposits, due in part to the FDIC limitations on the amount of insurance coverage provided to depositors. To mitigate the uninsured deposit risk, the Company participates in the CDARS and ICS programs, which allow an individual customer to invest up to 50 million and 225 million, respectively, through one participating financial institution or, a combined total of 275 million per individual customer, with the entire amount being covered by FDIC insurance. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has 1.7 billion of CDARS and 9.9 billion of ICS deposits. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has 6.0 billion of wholesale brokered deposits outstanding. Brokered deposits are generally considered to be deposits that have been received from a third party who is engaged in the business of placing deposits on behalf of others. A traditional deposit broker will direct deposits to the banking institution offering the highest interest rate available. Federal banking laws and regulations place restrictions on depository institutions regarding brokered deposits because of the general concern these deposits are not relationship based and are at a greater risk of being withdrawn and placed on deposit at another institution offering a higher interest rate, thus posing liquidity risk for institutions that gather brokered deposits in significant amounts. 
 Federal and state banking regulations place certain restrictions on dividends paid. The total amount of dividends which may be paid at any date is generally limited to the retained earnings of the bank. Dividends paid by WAB to the Parent would be prohibited if the effect thereof would cause the Bank s capital to be reduced below applicable minimum capital requirements. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, WAB paid dividends to the Parent of 60 million and 180 million, respectively. 
 86 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market prices and rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and equity prices. The Company's market risk arises primarily from interest rate risk inherent in its lending, investing, and deposit taking activities. To that end, management actively monitors and manages the Company's interest rate risk exposure. 
 Management uses various asset/liability strategies to manage the re-pricing characteristics of the Company's assets and liabilities, all of which are designed to ensure that exposure to interest rate fluctuations is within the Company's guidelines of acceptable levels of risk-taking. Hedging strategies, including the terms and pricing of loans and deposits and management of the deployment of its securities, are used to reduce mismatches in interest rate re-pricing opportunities of portfolio assets and their funding sources. Derivatives in a hedging relationship are also used to minimize the Company's exposure to changes in benchmark interest rates and volatility of net interest income and EVE to interest rate fluctuations, with their impact reflected in the model results discussed below. 
 Interest rate risk is addressed by ALCO, which includes members of executive management, finance, and operations. ALCO monitors interest rate risk by analyzing the potential impact on EVE and earnings from potential changes in interest rates and considers the impact of alternative strategies or changes in balance sheet structure. The Company manages its balance sheet in part to keep the potential impact on EVE and earnings within acceptable ranges despite changes in interest rates. 
 The Company's exposure to interest rate risk is reviewed at least quarterly by ALCO. Interest rate risk exposure is measured using interest rate sensitivity analysis to determine its change in both EVE and earnings in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates. If potential changes to EVE and earnings resulting from hypothetical interest rate changes are not within the limits established by the BOD or, ALCO determines that interest rate exposures should be reduced, ALCO will either take hedging actions or adjust the asset and liability mix to bring interest rate risk within BOD-approved limits or in line with ALCO's proposed reduction. ALCO may also decide the best course of action for a limit breach is to accept the breach and present justification to the BOD. If the BOD does not agree to accept the limit breach, it will direct ALCO to remediate the breach. The Company's EaR and EVE exposure limits are approved by the BOD on an annual basis, or more often if market conditions warrant. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there have been no changes to the Company's exposure limits. 
 Net Interest Income Simulation. To measure interest rate risk at September 30, 2024, the Company used a simulation model to project changes in net interest income resulting from forecasted changes in interest rates. This analysis calculates the difference between a baseline net interest income forecast using forward yield curves, compared to forecasted net income results from an immediate, parallel shift in rates upward or downward, along with other scenarios directed by ALCO. The simulation model includes various assumptions regarding re-pricing relationships for each of the Company's products. Many of the Company's assets are variable rate loans, which are assumed to re-price at the next rate re-set period and, proportional to the change in market rates, depending on their contracted index, including the impact of caps or floors. The simulation model also incorporates prepayment assumptions for applicable loans and investments with such optionality. The Company's non-term deposit products re-price with a certain beta to underlying market rate changes. These betas are derived separately by deposit product and are based on both observed and projected market rate and balance trends. Current product-level deposit beta assumptions range between 47 to 94 , depending on product, with an average interest bearing deposit beta of 56 . 
 This analysis illustrates the impact of changes in net interest income for the given set of rate changes and assumptions. It does not account for all factors that could impact the Company's results, including changes by management to mitigate interest rate changes or secondary factors, such as changes to the Company's credit risk profile as interest rates change. The results will also be impacted by seasonality in the balance sheet. Furthermore, loan prepayment rate estimates and spread relationships change regularly. Interest rate changes impact actual loan prepayment speeds and these changes may result in differences in the market estimates incorporated in this analysis. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and as a result, actual results may differ from simulated results due to factors such as timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions, customer behavior, management strategies, and changes that vary significantly from the modeled assumptions may have a significant effect on the Company's actual net interest income. 
 The table below presents the changes in net interest income that would occur in response to an instantaneous and sustained increase or decrease (shock) in market interest rates based on a dynamic balance sheet. In addition, the table provides results from additional scenarios in response to gradual, parallel changes (ramp) in market interest rates over twelve months. The Company continues to evaluate the scenarios that are presented as interest rates change and will update these scenario disclosures as appropriate. 
 
 87 

Sensitivity of Net Interest Income 
 Down 200 Down 100 Up 100 Up 200 (change in basis points from Base) Parallel Shock Scenario (7.5) (4.3) 4.9 10.0 Gradual Ramp Scenario (3.6) (1.8) 2.0 4.1 
 In addition, certain rate-sensitive non-interest income and expense items are also subject to market risk, including mortgage banking and servicing income and ECR deposit costs. Mortgage originations and prepayments are sensitive to interest rates and therefore, mortgage banking and servicing income can be impacted by volatility in interest rates. The Company s EaR simulation model expands on its net interest income simulation, as described above, by incorporating these non-interest income and expenses amounts to measure the impact of forecasted changes in interest rates on earnings (defined as net interest income plus rate-sensitive non-interest income and expense). In the Company s EaR simulation model as of September 30, 2024, deposits eligible for ECRs re-price with a beta assumption of 81 to underlying market rate changes, and total non-maturity deposits, inclusive of ECRs, re-price with a weighted average beta assumption of 65 . As a result of the higher deposit betas on deposits eligible for ECRs, in the down simulation scenarios, the Company will benefit from lower deposit costs. In a shock down 100 basis points scenario, ECR related deposit costs would decrease 23 from the baseline forecast over the next twelve months. At September 30, 2024, the Company s earnings exposure for the next twelve months related to these hypothetical changes in market interest rates was within the Company s current guidelines. 
 Economic Value of Equity. The Company measures the impact of market interest rate changes on the NPV of estimated cash flows from its assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet items, defined as EVE, using a simulation model. The Company's simulation model focuses on parallel interest rate shocks and takes into account assumptions related to loan prepayment trends that are sourced using a combination of third-party prepayment models and internal historical experience, terminal maturity for non-maturity deposits, decay attrition, and pricing sensitivity derived from the Company's data and other internally-developed analysis and models. These assumptions are reviewed at least annually and are adjusted periodically to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company's balance sheet composition. As simulated model results are based on a number of assumptions outlined above, including forecasted market conditions, actual amounts may differ significantly from the projections set forth below should market conditions vary from the underlying assumptions. 
 This simulation model assesses the changes in the market value of interest rate sensitive financial instruments that would occur in response to an instantaneous and sustained increase or decrease (shock) in market interest rates. The Company continues to evaluate the scenarios that are presented as interest rates change and will update these scenario disclosures as appropriate. 
 The following table shows the Company's projected change in EVE for this set of rate shocks at September 30, 2024: 
 Economic Value of Equity 
 Interest Rate Scenario Down 200 Down 100 Up 100 Up 200 (change in basis points from Base) Change 5.3 4.3 (6.0) (10.9) 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company's EVE exposure related to these hypothetical changes in market interest rates was within the Company's current guidelines. 
 Derivative Contracts. In the normal course of business, the Company uses derivative instruments to meet the needs of its customers and manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. For additional discussion on how derivatives in a hedging relationship (fair value hedges) are used to manage the Company's interest rate risk, see "Note 11. Derivatives and Hedging Activities" to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 88 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls 
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the CEO and CFO have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Additionally, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were also effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or is subject to under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or to which any of its properties are subject. There are no material proceedings known to the Company to be contemplated by any governmental authority. From time to time, the Company is involved in a variety of litigation matters in the ordinary course of its business and anticipates that it will become involved in new litigation matters in the future. 
 89 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have not been any material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about the Company's purchases of equity securities that are registered by the Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act for the periods indicated: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)(2) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1- 31, 2024 258 81.39 August 1-31, 2024 September 1-30, 2024 784 73.26 Total 1,042 75.27 
 (1) Shares purchased during the period were transferred to the Company from employees in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock awards during the period. 
 (2) The Company currently does not have a common stock repurchase program. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of our directors or officers informed us of the adoption or termination of any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 90 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 EXHIBITS 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective as of May 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Western Alliance's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment designating the 4.250 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, effective September 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Western Alliance's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 22, 2021). 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Western Alliance, effective as of June 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Western Alliance's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16, 2022). 
 3.4 Articles of Conversion, as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 29, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Western Alliance s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014). 
 3.5 Certificate of Conversion, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 29, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Western Alliance s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2014). 
 31.1 CEO Certification Pursuant Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 31.2 CFO Certification Pursuant Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 32 CEO and CFO Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (ii) the Consolidated Income Statements for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (vi) the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. (Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information is deemed furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.). 
 104 The cover page of Western Alliance Bancorporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 91 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Kenneth A. Vecchione Kenneth A. Vecchione President and Chief Executive Officer October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Dale Gibbons Dale Gibbons Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer October 31, 2024 By: /s/ J. Kelly Ardrey Jr. J. Kelly Ardrey Jr. Chief Accounting Officer 

92 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 walex3119302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Kenneth A. Vecchione, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Western Alliance Bancorporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Kenneth A. Vecchione Kenneth A. Vecchione President and Chief Executive Officer Date October 31, 2024 Western Alliance Bancorporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 walex3129302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Dale Gibbons, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Western Alliance Bancorporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Dale Gibbons Dale Gibbons Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Date October 31, 2024 Western Alliance Bancorporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 walex329302024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 This certification is given by the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Western Alliance Bancorporation (the Registrant pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, with respect to the Registrant's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), that, to each of their knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date October 31, 2024 s Kenneth A. Vecchione President and Chief Executive Officer Western Alliance Bancorporation Date October 31, 2024 s Dale Gibbons Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Western Alliance Bancorporation 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 wal-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 wal-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 wal-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 wal-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 wal-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

