<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1590976_0001590976-24-000101.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6739934</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124379</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1285171</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2280589</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1530410</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1386879</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001590976-24-000101.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031091216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001590976-24-000101
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MALIBU BOATS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590976
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHIP & BOAT BUILDING & REPAIRING [3730]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36290
		FILM NUMBER:		241412698

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5075 KIMBERLY WAY
		CITY:			LOUDON
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37774
		BUSINESS PHONE:		865-458-5478

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5075 KIMBERLY WAY
		CITY:			LOUDON
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37774

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Malibu Boats, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001590976-24-000101.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 mbuu-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mbuu-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter) , , 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01, outstanding as of October 28, 2024: 
 shares Class B Common Stock, par value 0.01, outstanding as of October 28, 2024: 
 shares 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 38 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 39 
 Item 6 . 
 Exhibits 
 40 
 SIGNATURES 
 41 

i 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding demand for our products and expected industry trends, our business strategy and plans, our prospective products or products under development, our vertical integration initiatives, our acquisition strategy and management s objectives for future operations. In particular, many of the statements under the heading Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations constitute forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue, the negative of these terms, or by other similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions, involving known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: our large fixed cost base; our ability to execute our manufacturing strategy; our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products; increases in the cost of, or unavailability of, raw materials, component parts and transportation costs; disruptions in our suppliers operations; our reliance on third-party suppliers for raw materials and components; our reliance on certain suppliers for our engines and outboard motors; climate events in areas where we operate; our ability to meet our manufacturing workforce needs; our dependence on key management employees; our ability to grow our business through acquisitions and integrate such acquisitions to fully realize their expected benefits; our growth strategy which may require us to secure significant additional capital; our ability to enhance existing products and develop and market new or enhanced products; our ability to protect our intellectual property; compromises or disruptions to our network and information systems; risks inherent in operating in foreign jurisdictions; general economic conditions; the continued strength and positive perception of our brands; the sale of boats previously held in inventory by our former dealer, Tommy s Boats; increased consumer preference for used boats, alternative fuel-powered boats or the supply of new boats by competitors in excess of demand; the seasonality of our business; competition within our industry and with other activities for consumers scarce leisure time; changes in currency exchange rates; inflation and heightened interest rates; our reliance on our network of independent dealers and increasing competition for dealers; the financial health of our dealers and their continued access to financing; our obligation to repurchase inventory of certain dealers; our exposure risks associated with litigation, investigation and regulatory proceedings; an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill, trade names and other long-lived assets; any failure to comply with laws and regulations including environmental, workplace safety and other regulatory requirements; covenants in our credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility which may limit our operating flexibility; our obligation to make certain payments under a tax receivable agreement; and any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls or procedures. We discuss many of these factors, risks and uncertainties in greater detail under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024, as such disclosures may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including subsequent annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements for various reasons. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Form 10-Q to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 Part I - Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 MALIBU BOATS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling and marketing General and administrative Amortization Operating (loss) income ) Other expense (income), net: Other income, net ) ) Interest expense Other expense, net (Loss) income before (benefit) provision for income taxes ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) Net (loss) income ) Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest ) Net (loss) income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc. ) Comprehensive (loss) income: Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) Less: comprehensive (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest, net of tax ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc., net of tax ) Weighted-average shares outstanding used in computing net (loss) income per share: Basic Diluted Net (loss) income available to Class A Common Stock per share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 MALIBU BOATS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Assets Current assets Cash Trade receivables, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Income taxes and tax distribution payable Total current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Payable pursuant to tax receivable agreement Long-term debt Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 15) 
 per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024; issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 
 Class B Common Stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 
 Preferred Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Accumulated earnings Total stockholders' equity attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc. Non-controlling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 MALIBU BOATS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except number of Class B shares) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Earnings Non-controlling Interest in LLC Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) ) Stock based compensation, net of withholding taxes on vested equity awards ) Issuances of equity for services Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Earnings Non-controlling Interest in LLC Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Stock based compensation, net of withholding taxes on vested equity awards Issuances of equity for services Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Distributions to LLC Unit holders ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MALIBU BOATS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: Non-cash compensation expense Non-cash compensation to directors Depreciation Amortization Deferred income taxes ) Other items, net Change in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Income taxes payable Accrued expenses ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from revolving credit facility Payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Cash paid for withholding taxes on vested restricted stock ) Distributions to non-controlling LLC Unit holders ) Repurchase and retirement of Class A Common Stock ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Changes in cash ) Cash Beginning of period Cash End of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MALIBU BOATS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per unit and share and per share data) 
 
 1. 
 brands -- Malibu, Axis, Pursuit, Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder, Hewes and Cobalt brands. The Company reports its results of operations under reportable segments -- Malibu, Saltwater Fishing and Cobalt. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 Part and other sales Net Sales Revenue by geography: North America International Net Sales 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Malibu Saltwater Fishing Cobalt Consolidated Revenue by product: Boat and trailer sales Part and other sales Net Sales Revenue by geography: North America International Net Sales 
 Boat and Trailer Sales 
 Consists of sales of boats and trailers to the Company's dealer network, net of sales returns, discounts, rebates and free flooring incentives. Boat and trailer sales also includes optional boat features. Sales returns consist of boats returned by dealers under the Company's warranty program. Rebates, free flooring and discounts are incentives that the Company provides to its dealers based on sales of eligible products. 
 Part and Other Sales 
 Consists primarily of parts and accessories sales, royalty income and clothing sales. Parts and accessories sales include replacement and aftermarket boat parts and accessories sold to the Company's dealer network. Royalty income is earned from license agreements with various boat manufacturers, including Nautique, Chaparral, Mastercraft, and Tige related to the use of the Company's intellectual property. 
 
 3. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Malibu Boats, Inc. ownership in Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC 
 Issuance of Additional LLC Units 
 Under the first amended and restated limited liability company agreement of the LLC, as amended (the "LLC Agreement"), the Company is required to cause the LLC to issue additional LLC Units to the Company when the Company issues additional shares of Class A Common Stock. Other than in connection with the issuance of Class A Common Stock in connection with an equity incentive program, the Company must contribute to the LLC net proceeds and property, if any, received by the Company with respect to the issuance of such additional shares of Class A Common Stock. The Company must cause the LLC to issue a number of LLC Units equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued such that, at all times, the number of LLC Units held by the Company equals the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company caused the LLC to issue a total of LLC Units to the Company in connection with the issuance of Class A Common Stock for the vesting of awards granted under the Malibu Boats, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Incentive Plan"). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, LLC Units were canceled in connection with the vesting of share-based equity awards to satisfy employee tax withholding requirements and LLC Units were canceled in connection with stock awards with a performance condition that was deemed to not be achieved. In connection with the cancellation of LLC Units described above, an equivalent treasury shares were retired in accordance with the LLC Agreement. Also during the three months ended September 30, 2024, LLC Units were redeemed and canceled by the LLC in connection with the purchase and retirement of shares under the Company's stock repurchase program that expires on November 8, 2024. 
 Distributions and Other Payments to Non-controlling Unit Holders 
 Distributions for Taxes 
 As a limited liability company (treated as a partnership for income tax purposes), the LLC does not incur significant federal, state or local income taxes, as these taxes are primarily the obligations of its members. As authorized by the LLC Agreement, the LLC is required to distribute cash, to the extent that the LLC has cash available, on a pro rata basis, to its members to the extent necessary to cover the members tax liabilities, if any, with respect to their share of LLC earnings. The LLC makes such tax distributions to its members based on an estimated tax rate and projections of taxable income. If the actual taxable income of the LLC multiplied by the estimated tax rate exceeds the tax distributions made in a calendar year, the LLC may make true-up distributions to its members, if cash or borrowings are available for such purposes. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, tax distributions payable to non-controlling LLC Unit holders were . During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, tax distributions paid to the non-controlling LLC Unit holders were and , respectively. 
 Other Distributions 
 Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, the Company has the right to determine when distributions will be made to LLC members and the amount of any such distributions. If the Company authorizes a distribution, such distribution will be made to the members of the LLC (including the Company) pro rata in accordance with the percentages of their respective LLC Units. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Work in progress Finished goods Inventory subject to return 1 
 Total inventories 

5. 
 Building and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Construction in process Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, substantially all of which was recorded in cost of sales. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Effect of foreign currency changes on goodwill Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) Net of accumulated impairment losses of in our Saltwater Fishing segment. 
 - 
 Patent 
 Trade name Non-compete agreement Total Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Total definite-lived intangible assets, net Indefinite-lived intangible: Trade name Less: Impairment charge ) Total other intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense recognized on all amortizable intangibles was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Dealer incentives Accrued compensation Current operating lease liabilities Accrued legal and professional fees Customer deposits Government grant Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses 
 Accrued legal and professional fees include approximately in insurance coverage proceeds that are subject in certain cases to reservations of rights by the insurance carriers. The proceeds will be considered a liability in accrued expenses until the resolution of the litigation. Additionally, accrued legal and professional fees includes approximately related to the settlement agreement with Mark E. Andrews, Chapter 11 Trustee (the Trustee for Tommy s Fort Worth LLC and its affiliate debtors, which agreement is subject to approval by the United States Bankruptcy Court of the Northern District of Texas, Fort Worth Division (the "Bankruptcy Court"). For more information, refer to Note 15 of our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 Government grant includes approximately related to an Economic Development Grant paid by the State of Tennessee in relation to the purchase of the Roane County property purchase and related improvements. The grant requires the Company to create and maintain a specified number of jobs in order to retain the grant. The accrued liability will be relieved as the Company satisfies headcount requirements. 
 
 8. 
 . The Company's Cobalt brand boats have (1) a structural warranty of up to which covers the hull, deck joints, bulkheads, floor, transom, stringers, and motor mount and (2) a bow-to-stern warranty on all components manufactured or purchased (excluding hull and deck structural components), including canvas and upholstery. Gel coat is covered up to for Cobalt and for Malibu and Axis. Pursuit brand boats have (1) a limited warranty for a period of up to on structural components such as the hull, deck and defects in the gel coat surface of the hull bottom and (2) a bow-to-stern warranty of (excluding hull and deck structural components). Maverick, Pathfinder and Hewes brand boats have (1) a limited warranty for a period of up to on structural components such as the hull, deck and defects in the gelcoat surface of the hull bottom and (2) a bow-to-stern warranty of (excluding hull and deck structural components). Cobia brand boats have (1) a limited warranty for a period of up to on structural components such as the hull, deck and defects in the gelcoat surface of the hull bottom and (2) a bow-to-stern warranty of (excluding hull and deck structural components). For each boat brand, there are certain materials, components or parts of the boat that are not covered by the Company s warranty and certain components or parts that are separately warranted by the manufacturer or supplier (such as the engine). Engines that the Company manufactures for Malibu and Axis models have a limited warranty of up to or five-hundred hours. 
 The Company s standard warranties require it or its dealers to repair or replace defective products during the warranty period at no cost to the consumer. The Company estimates warranty costs it expects to incur and records a liability for such costs at the time the product revenue is recognized. The Company utilizes historical claims trends and analytical tools to develop the estimate of its warranty obligation on a per boat basis, by brand and warranty year. Factors that affect the Company s warranty liability include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims and cost per claim. The Company assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary. Beginning in model year 2016, the Company increased the term of its limited warranty for Malibu brand boats from to and for Axis brand boats from to . Beginning in model year 2018, the Company increased the term of its bow-to-stern warranty for Cobalt brand boats from to . Future warranty claims may differ from the Company s estimate of the warranty liability, which could lead to changes in the Company s warranty liability in future periods. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Add: Warranty expense Less: Warranty claims paid ) ) Ending balance 
 
 9. 
 Revolving credit loan Total debt Less current maturities Long-term debt less current maturities 
 Long-Term Debt 
 On July 8, 2022, Boats LLC entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement which provides Boats LLC with a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to . As of September 30, 2024, Boats LLC had outstanding under its revolving credit facility and in outstanding letters of credit, with available for borrowing. The revolving credit facility matures on July 8, 2027. Boats LLC has the option to request that lenders increase the amount available under the revolving credit facility by, or obtain incremental term loans of, up to , subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement and only if existing or new lenders choose to provide additional term or revolving commitments. 
 The obligations of Boats LLC under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the LLC, and, subject to certain exceptions, the present and future domestic subsidiaries of Boats LLC, and all such obligations are secured by substantially all of the assets of the LLC, Boats LLC and such subsidiary guarantors. Malibu Boats, Inc. is not a party to the Credit Agreement. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to either, at the Company's option, (i) the highest of the prime rate, the Federal Funds Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus , or one-month Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus (the Base Rate or (ii) SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement), in each case plus an applicable margin ranging from to with respect to SOFR borrowings and to with respect to Base Rate borrowings. The applicable margin is based upon the consolidated leverage ratio of the LLC and its subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the Company s revolving credit facility was . The Company is required to pay a commitment fee for any unused portion of the revolving credit facility which ranges from to per annum, depending on the LLC s and its subsidiaries consolidated leverage ratio. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, and notice requirements for the occurrence of specific events such as the occurrence of any event of default or pending or threatened litigation. The Credit Agreement also requires compliance with certain customary financial covenants consisting of a minimum ratio of EBITDA to interest expense and a maximum ratio of total debt to EBITDA. The Credit Agreement contains certain customary restrictive covenants regarding indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, investments, share repurchases, dividends and distributions, disposition of assets, transactions with affiliates, negative pledges, hedging transactions, certain prepayments of indebtedness, accounting changes and governmental regulation. For example, the Credit Agreement generally prohibits the LLC, Boats LLC and the subsidiary guarantors from paying dividends or making distributions, including to the Company. The credit facility permits, however, (i) distributions based on a member s allocated taxable income, (ii) distributions to fund payments that are required under the LLC s tax receivable agreement, (iii) purchase of stock or stock options of the LLC from former officers, directors or employees of loan parties or payments pursuant to stock option and other benefit plans up to in any fiscal year, and (iv) repurchases of the Company's outstanding stock and LLC Units. In addition, the LLC may make unlimited 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 or less and certain other conditions are met, subject to compliance with certain financial covenants. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. If an event of default has occurred and continues beyond any applicable cure period, the administrative agent may (i) accelerate all outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement or (ii) terminate the commitments, amongst other remedies. Additionally, the lenders are not obligated to fund any new borrowing under the Credit Agreement while an event of default is continuing. 
 Covenant Compliance 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants contained in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 10. 
 Liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses Long-term operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 Selling and marketing, and general and administrative Sublease income Other income, net ) ) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Cash flows from operating activities 
 (1) Includes short-term leases, which are insignificant, and are not included in the lease liability. 
 The lease liability for operating leases that contain variable escalating rental payments with scheduled increases that are based on the lesser of a stated percentage increase or the cumulative increase in an index, are determined using the stated percentage increase. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 years and years, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the weighted-average discount rate determined based on the Company's incremental borrowing rate is and , respectively. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter Total Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 11. 
 of the amount of the benefits, if any, that the Company is deemed to realize as a result of (i) increases in tax basis and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to the Company entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including those attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. These contractual payment obligations are obligations of the Company and not of the LLC. The Company's Tax Receivable Agreement liability was determined on an undiscounted basis in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies , since the contractual payment obligations were deemed to be probable and reasonably estimable. 
 For purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement, the benefit deemed realized by the Company is computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of the Company (calculated with certain assumptions) to the amount of such taxes that the Company would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the assets of the LLC as a result of the purchases or exchanges, and had the Company not entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Additions (reductions) to tax receivable agreement: Exchange of LLC Units for Class A Common Stock Adjustment for change in estimated state tax rate or benefits Payments under tax receivable agreement ) Less: current portion under tax receivable agreement Ending balance 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement further provides that, upon certain mergers, asset sales or other forms of business combinations or other changes of control, the Company (or its successor) would owe to the pre-IPO owners of the LLC a lump-sum payment equal to the present value of all forecasted future payments that would have otherwise been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement that would be based on certain assumptions, including a deemed exchange of LLC Units and that the Company would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the deductions arising from the increased tax basis and other tax benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement. The Company also is entitled to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement, which, if terminated, would obligate the Company to make early termination payments to the pre-IPO owners of the LLC. In addition, a pre-IPO owner may elect to unilaterally terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement with respect to such pre-IPO owner, which would obligate the Company to pay to such existing owner certain payments for tax benefits received through the taxable year of the election. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 associated with basis differences in assets upon acquiring an interest in the LLC and pursuant to making an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Internal Revenue Code"), as amended. The aggregate Tax Receivable Agreement liability represents of the tax benefits that the Company expects to receive in connection with the Section 754 election. In accordance with the Tax Receivable Agreement, the next annual payment is anticipated once net operating losses are utilized and there is sufficient taxable income. 
 
 12. 
 and , respectively, against deferred tax assets related to state net operating losses and future amortization deductions (with respect to the Section 754 election) that are reported in the Tennessee corporate tax return without offsetting income, which is taxable at the LLC. These also include a valuation allowance in the amount of related to foreign tax credit carryforward that is not expected to be utilized in the future. 
 The Company s consolidated interim effective tax rate is based upon expected annual income from operations, statutory tax rates and tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Significant or unusual items, including those related to the change in U.S. tax law as well as other adjustments to accruals for tax uncertainties, are recognized in the quarter in which the related event occurs. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law. The Inflation Reduction Act contains significant business tax provisions, including an excise tax on stock buybacks (1 for transactions beginning January 1, 2023), increased funding for IRS tax enforcement, expanded energy incentives promoting clean energy investment, and a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain large corporations. The effects of the new legislation are recognized upon enactment. The Company did not recognize any significant impact to income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relating to the Inflation Reduction Act. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company's effective tax rate was and , respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's effective tax rate was reduced by deferred tax impacts of pre-tax losses and U.S. state taxes. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company's effective tax rate exceeded the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of U.S. state taxes. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the increase in the effective tax rate over the statutory federal income tax rate was partially offset by the foreign derived intangible income deduction. 
 
 13. 
 shares of Malibu Boats, Inc. Class A Common Stock for the Company s employees, consultants, members of its board of directors and other independent contractors at the discretion of the compensation committee. Incentive stock awards authorized under the Incentive Plan include unrestricted shares of Class A Common Stock, stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalent awards and performance awards. As of September 30, 2024, shares remain available for future issuance under the long term incentive plan. 
 On August 5, 2024, under the Incentive Plan, Malibu Boats, Inc. granted awards to its newly-appointed Chief Executive Officer. The service-based stock awards include units that will vest in equal installments over 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 units that will vest in . The combined grant date fair value of these awards was based on a stock price of per share on the date of grant. 
 Options granted Options exercised Outstanding options as of September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Total Non-vested Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Awards as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense attributable to the Company's share-based equity awards was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . Stock-based compensation expense attributed to share-based equity awards issued under the Incentive Plan is recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective awards and is included in general and administrative expense in the Company's unaudited interim condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. Awards vesting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 include fully vested restricted stock units issued to non-employee directors for their service as directors for the Company. 
 
 14. 
 15 

Table of Contents Shares used in computing basic net (loss) income per share: Weighted-average Class A Common Stock Weighted-average participating restricted stock units convertible into Class A Common Stock Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Basic net (loss) income per share ) Diluted: Net (loss) income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc. ) Shares used in computing diluted net (loss) income per share: Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Restricted stock units granted to employees Stock options granted to employees Market performance awards granted to employees Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 1 
 Diluted net (loss) income per share ) 
 1 The Company excluded and potentially dilutive shares from the calculation of diluted net (loss) income per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The shares of Class B Common Stock do not share in the earnings or losses of Malibu Boats, Inc. and are therefore not included in the calculation. Accordingly, basic and diluted net (loss) income per share of Class B Common Stock have not been presented. 
 
 15. 
 and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Repurchases and subsequent sales are recorded as a revenue transaction. The net difference between the repurchase price and the resale price is recorded against the loss reserve and presented in cost of sales in the accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased units totaling million subject to the Company's repurchase agreement with M T Bank ("Repurchase Agreement"), the lender under the floor financing plan for Tommy's Boats. This repurchase was 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 repurchases of any such inventory. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not been notified about any probable repossessions. Therefore, the Company did not carry a reserve as of September 30, 2024 consistent with June 30, 2024. 
 The Company has collateralized receivables financing arrangements with a third-party floor plan financing provider for European dealers. Under terms of these arrangements, the Company transfers the right to collect a trade receivable to the financing provider in exchange for cash but agrees to repurchase the receivable if the dealer defaults. Since the transfer of the receivable to the financing provider does not meet the conditions for a sale under ASC Topic 860 , Transfers and Servicing , the Company continues to report the transferred trade receivable in other current assets with an offsetting balance recorded as a secured obligation in accrued expenses in the Company's unaudited interim condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company had financing receivables recorded in other current assets and accrued expenses related to these arrangements. 
 Contingencies 
 Product Liability 
 The Company is engaged in a business that exposes it to claims for product liability and warranty claims in the event the Company s products actually or allegedly fail to perform as expected or the use of the Company s products results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, personal injury or death. Although the Company maintains product and general liability insurance of the types and in the amounts that the Company believes are customary for the industry, the Company is not fully insured against all such potential claims. The Company may have the ability to refer claims to its suppliers and their insurers to pay the costs associated with any claims arising from the suppliers products. The Company s insurance covers such claims that are not adequately covered by a supplier s insurance and provides for excess secondary coverage above the limits provided by the Company s suppliers. 
 The Company may experience legal claims in excess of its insurance coverage or claims that are not covered by insurance, either of which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse determination of material product liability and warranty claims made against the Company could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and harm its reputation. In addition, if any of the Company's products are, or are alleged to be, defective, the Company may be required to participate in a recall of that product if the defect or alleged defect relates to safety. These and other claims that the Company faces could be costly to the Company and require substantial management attention. Refer to Note 8 for discussion of warranty claims. The Company insures against product liability claims and, except as disclosed below, believes there are no material product liability claims as of September 30, 2024 that will have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Litigation 
 Certain conditions may exist which could result in a loss, but which will only be resolved when future events occur. The Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessments inherently involve an exercise of judgment. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a loss has been incurred, the Company accrues for such contingent loss when it can be reasonably estimated. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but reasonably estimable, or is probable but cannot be estimated, the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, is disclosed. If the assessment of a contingency deemed to be both probable and reasonably estimable involves a range of possible losses, the amount within the range that appears at the time to be a better estimate than any other amount within the range would be accrued. When no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the minimum amount in the range is accrued even though the minimum amount in the range is not necessarily the amount of loss that will be ultimately determined. Estimates of potential legal fees and other directly related costs associated with contingencies are not accrued but rather are expensed as incurred. Except as disclosed below, management does not believe there are any pending claims (asserted or unasserted) as of September 30, 2024 that will have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 MBI and its subsidiaries, including Boats LLC, maintain liability insurance applicable to the Batchelder Matters described above with coverage up to . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had received approximately in insurance coverage proceeds, subject in certain cases to reservations of rights by the insurance carriers. The Company contends that the insurance carriers are responsible for the entirety of the settlement amount and related expenses, and therefore, the insurers payments to date are well below what they should have tendered to Boats LLC. Accordingly, on July 3, 2023, Boats LLC filed a complaint against Federal Insurance Company (a Chubb subsidiary) and Starr Indemnity Liability Company alleging that the insurers unreasonably failed to comply with their obligations by refusing, negligently, and in bad faith, to settle covered claims within their available policy limits prior to trial. On April 8, 2024, the court dismissed Starr, noting that only Chubb had the contractual right and duty to settle the Batchelder matters prior to trial. The Court subsequently granted the Company's motion for partial summary judgement, which precludes Chubb from apportioning liability to Starr. Chubb filed a notice of appeal on September 26, 2024, with respect to the dismissal of Starr and the order granting partial summary judgment against Chubb. The Company intends to vigorously pursue its claims against the insurance carriers to recover the full settlement amount and expenses (less any monies already tendered without reservation by the carriers). However, the Company cannot predict the outcome of such litigation. 
 Tommy's Boats and Matthew Borisch 
 On April 10, 2024, dealerships operated under common control of Tommy s Boats Tommy s Boats filed a complaint against MBI and its indirect subsidiary Boats LLC in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee (Case 3:24-cv-00166). The complaint alleges that MBI and Boats LLC breached obligations under dealership agreements with Tommy s Boats, quantum meruit, unjust enrichment, promissory estoppel and intentional and negligent misrepresentations relating to the parties commercial relationship. Tommy s Boats is seeking monetary damages. Boats LLC took possession of new model year 2024 boats according to a repurchase agreement with M T Bank, the floor financing lender to Tommy s Boats. These boats were subsequently resold during the three months ended September 30, 2024. On July 3, 2024, Mark E. Andrews, Chapter 11 Trustee (the Trustee for Tommy s Boats voluntarily dismissed without prejudice the claims filed by Tommy's Boats. Pursuant to an order of the bankruptcy court, the Company agreed to cooperate in good faith to mediate with the Trustee. On August 16, 2024, Matthew Borisch, the principal owner of Tommy s Boats, filed a complaint against MBI, Boats LLC, and Jack Springer in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee (Case 3:24-cv-00339), alleging similar allegations to those of the dismissed complaint against MBI and Boats LLC filed by Tommy s Boats. Mr. Borisch amended his complaint on October 29, 2024. On October 7, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with the Trustee. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, the Company agreed to pay the Tommy s Boats estate million in cash and the Company and the Trustee agreed to mutual releases of all outstanding claims between them. In addition, the settlement, is conditioned upon the Bankruptcy Court s determining that Mr. Borisch s claims in the Eastern District of Tennessee action (Case 3:24-cv-00339) belong to the Tommy s Boats estates, and are therefore settled by the Settlement Agreement between the Trustee and Malibu, and that to enforce the automatic stay, Mr. Borisch must be enjoined from pursuing these claims or any other claims against MBI and Boats LLC that are property of the Tommy s Boats estates. The Settlement Agreement is subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. 
 Securities Class Action Lawsuit 
 On April 29, 2024, a stockholder, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed a complaint against MBI and Jack Springer, Bruce Beckman, David Black, and Wayne Wilson as current and former officers of the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case 1:24-cv-03254). On August 15, the Court appointed the Retiree Benefit Trust of the City of Baltimore as the Lead Plaintiff in the action. On October 4, 2024, Lead Plaintiff filed an amended complaint which alleges violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in connection with allegedly 
 18 

Table of Contents 

16. 
 reportable segments, Malibu, Saltwater Fishing and Cobalt. The Malibu segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale of Malibu and Axis performance sports boats throughout the world. The Saltwater Fishing segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Pursuit boats and the Maverick Boat Group brand boats (Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder and Hewes). The Cobalt segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale of Cobalt boats throughout the world. 
 There is no country outside of the United States from which the Company (a) derived net sales equal to 10 of total net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, or (b) attributed assets equal to 10 of total assets as of September 30, 2024. Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of the dealer. 
 (Loss) income before (benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Malibu Saltwater Fishing Cobalt Consolidated Net sales Income before provision for income taxes 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of June 30, 2024 Assets Malibu Saltwater Fishing Cobalt Total assets 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 shares of common stock plus (ii) the number of shares subject to stock options granted under the Incentive Plan and outstanding as of the date of the Annual Meeting, which expire, or for any reason are cancelled or terminated, after the date of the Annual Meeting without being exercised, plus (iii) the number of any shares subject to restricted stock unit awards under the Incentive Plan that are outstanding and unvested as of the date of the Annual Meeting which are forfeited, terminated, cancelled, or otherwise reacquired after the date of the Annual Meeting without having become vested. The Company s directors, officers and employees, as well as any of the officers or employees of the Company s subsidiaries, certain consultants and advisors are currently eligible to receive equity awards under the 2024 Plan. 
 
 On October 23, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to allow for the repurchase of up to million of its Class A Common Stock and the LLC's LLC Units (the 2024 Repurchase Program for the period from November 8, 2024 to June 30, 2025. The Company intends to fund repurchases under the 2024 Repurchase Program from cash on hand. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein. 
 
 Malibu Boats, Inc. is a Delaware corporation with its principal offices in Loudon, Tennessee. We use the terms Malibu, the Company, we, us, our or similar references to refer to Malibu Boats, Inc., its subsidiary, Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC, or the LLC, and its subsidiary Malibu Boats, LLC, or Boats, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Cobalt Boats, LLC, PB Holdco, LLC, through which we acquired the assets of Pursuit, and MBG Holdco, Inc., through which we acquired all of the outstanding stock of Maverick Boat Group, Inc. 
 Overview 
 We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of a diverse range of recreational powerboats, including performance sport boats, sterndrive and outboard boats. Our product portfolio of premium brands are used for a broad range of recreational boating activities including, among others, water sports, general recreational boating and fishing. Our passion for consistent innovation, which has led to propriety technology such as Surf Gate, has allowed us to expand the market for our products by introducing consumers to new and exciting recreational activities. We design products that appeal to an expanding range of recreational boaters and water sports enthusiasts whose passion for boating and water sports is a key component of their active lifestyle and provide consumers with a better customer-inspired experience. With performance, quality, value and multi-purpose features, our product portfolio has us well positioned to broaden our addressable market and achieve our goal of increasing our market share in the expanding recreational boating industry. 
 We currently sell our boats under eight brands as shown in the table below, and we report our results of operations under three reportable segments, Malibu, Saltwater Fishing and Cobalt. See Note 16 to our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for more information about our reporting segments. 
 of Net Sales Segment Brands Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 
 Malibu Malibu 32.6 33.7 Axis Saltwater Fishing Pursuit 37.7 39.5 Maverick Cobia Pathfinder Hewes Cobalt Cobalt 29.6 26.8 
 
 Our Malibu segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Malibu and Axis performance sports boats. Our flagship Malibu boats offer our latest innovations in performance, comfort and convenience, and are designed for consumers seeking a premium performance sport boat experience. As of September 30, 2024, we are the market leader in the United States in the performance sport boat category through our Malibu and Axis boat brands. Our Axis boats appeal to consumers who desire a more affordable performance sport boat product but still demand high performance, functional simplicity and the option to upgrade key features. Retail prices of our Malibu and Axis boats typically range from 80,000 to 300,000. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our Saltwater Fishing segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Pursuit boats and the Maverick Boat Group family of boats (Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder and Hewes). Our Pursuit boats expand our product offerings into the saltwater outboard fishing market and include center console, dual console and offshore models. In December 2020, we acquired Maverick Boat Group and added Maverick, Cobia, Pathfinder and Hewes to our brands. Our Maverick Boat Group family of boats are highly complementary to Pursuit, expanding our saltwater outboard offerings with a strong focus in length segments under 30 feet. We are among the market leaders in the fiberglass outboard fishing boat category with the brands in our Saltwater Fishing segment. Retail prices for our Saltwater Fishing boats typically range from 45,000 to 1,400,000. 
 Our Cobalt segment participates in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale throughout the world of Cobalt boats. Our Cobalt boats consist of mid to large-sized luxury cruisers and bowriders that we believe offer the ultimate experience in comfort, performance and quality. As of September 30, 2024, we are the market leader in the United States in the 20 - 40 segment of the sterndrive boat category through our Cobalt brand. Retail prices for our Cobalt boats typically range from 75,000 to 625,000. 
 We sell our boats through a dealer network that we believe is the strongest in the recreational powerboat category. As of June 30, 2024, our worldwide distribution channel consisted of over 400 dealer locations globally. Our dealer base is an important part of our consumers experience, our marketing efforts and our brands. We devote significant time and resources to find, develop and improve the performance of our dealers and believe our dealer network gives us a distinct competitive advantage. We had one dealer that represented more than 10 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal year 2024 and the first fiscal quarter of 2025, OneWater Marine, Inc. In fiscal year 2023, we had two dealers that represented more than 10 of our consolidated net sales, OneWater Marine, Inc. and Tommy's Boats. During fiscal year 2024, we informed Tommy's Boats that we would not be renewing any of their dealer agreements that had expired as of June 30, 2023 and we terminated two dealer agreements in Texas that had not expired. Tommy's subsequently filed for bankruptcy protection and is in the process of liquidating its inventory. We have since entered into dealer agreements with dealers in 14 of the 15 markets previously served by Tommy's Boats. As of September 30, 2024, we believe fewer than 40 of our new model year 2023 and 2024 boats were remaining in the inventory of Tommy's Boats. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 19 of those boats that were subject to our repurchase agreement with M T Bank, the floor plan financing lender for Tommy's Boats. This repurchase was reflected in our June 30, 2024 consolidated financial statements and these boats were subsequently resold during the three months ended September 30, 2024 above cost. With respect to boats not subject to the repurchase agreement, the bankruptcy trustee has retained Gordon Brothers to sell remaining inventory as part of liquidation that are currently ongoing. 
 On a consolidated basis, we achieved first quarter fiscal 2025 net sales, gross profit, net (loss) income and Adjusted EBITDA of 171.6 million, 28.2 million, (5.1) million and 9.9 million, respectively, compared to 255.8 million, 56.8 million, 20.8 million and 39.0 million, respectively, for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. For the first quarter of fiscal 2025, net sales decreased 32.9 , gross profit decreased 50.3 , net (loss) income decreased 124.8 and Adjusted EBITDA decreased 74.6 as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2024. For the definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to net (loss) income, see GAAP Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Outlook 
 The recreational power boat industry continues to be challenged by macro-economic factors, including high interest rates, that have taken many interest rate sensitive buyers out of the market. Additionally, COVID related demand fluctuations and supply disruptions have dramatically impacted dealer inventory levels over the past couple of years. In fiscal 2023, the restocking of dealer inventories coincided with a larger than expected drop in consumer demand caused dealer inventories to exceed historical levels. We took actions in fiscal 2024 to reduce production and increase promotional support to reduce dealer inventories. 
 Current dealer inventory levels are now back to historical seasonal levels across all of our segments due to our actions, in particular at the end of the last model year. Due to high dealer flooring costs and a continued soft retail environment, we expect our dealers to reduce their inventories further in fiscal 2025. Additionally, we expect the retail market to continue to decline in fiscal 2025, albeit at a slower rate than fiscal 2024. 
 We aim to increase our market share across the boating categories in which we compete through new product development, improved distribution, new models, and innovative features. Our industry, however, is highly competitive, and our competitors have become more aggressive in their product introductions, expanded their distribution capabilities, and launched surf systems competitive with our patented Surf Gate system. We believe our strong brands, new product pipeline, strong dealer network and ability to increase production will allow us to maintain, and potentially expand, our leading market position in performance 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 sports boats. We also believe that our track record of expanding our market share with our Malibu and Axis brands is directly transferable to our Cobalt, Pursuit and Maverick Boat Group brands. 
 As discussed above, our financial results and operations have been, and could continue to be, impacted by events outside of our control, including inflationary pressures, rising prices for our suppliers and labor shortages. Numerous other variables also have the potential to impact our volumes, both positively and negatively. For instance, elevated interest rates, which we are currently experiencing and expect to continue to experience in the near term, has reduced retail consumer appetite for our product and reduced the appetite for credit for our dealers and retail consumers. 
 Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 We believe that our results of operations and our growth prospects are affected by a number of factors, such as the economic environment and consumer demand for our products, our ability to develop new products and innovate, our product mix, our ability to manage manufacturing costs, sales cycles and inventory levels, the strength of our dealer network, our ability to offer dealer financing and incentives and our vertical integration efforts. We discuss each of these factors in more detail under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. While we do not have control of all factors affecting our results from operations, we work diligently to influence and manage those factors which we can impact to enhance our results of operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Results of Operations 
 Net Sales 
 We generate revenue from the sale of boats to our dealers. The substantial majority of our net sales are derived from the sale of boats, including optional features included at the time of the initial wholesale purchase of the boat. Net sales consists of the following: 
 Gross sales from: 
 Boat and trailer sales consists of sales of boats and trailers to our dealer network. Nearly all of our boat sales include optional feature upgrades purchased by the consumer, which increase the average selling price of our boats; and 
 Parts and other sales consists of sales of replacement and aftermarket boat parts and accessories to our dealer network; and consists of royalty income earned from license agreements with various boat manufacturers, including Nautique, Chaparral, Mastercraft, and Tige related to the use of our intellectual property. 
 Net sales are net of: 
 Sales returns consists primarily of contractual repurchases of boats either repossessed by the floor plan financing provider from the dealer or returned by the dealer under our warranty program; and 
 Rebates and free flooring consists of incentives, rebates and free flooring, we provide to our dealers based on sales of eligible products. For our Malibu and Cobalt segments, if a domestic dealer meets its monthly or quarterly commitment volume, as well as other terms of the dealer performance program, the dealer is entitled to a specified rebate. For our Saltwater Fishing segment, if a dealer meets its quarterly or annual retail volume goals, the dealer is entitled to a specific rebate applied to their wholesale volume purchased. For Malibu, Cobalt and select Saltwater Fishing models, our dealers that take delivery of current model year boats in the offseason, typically July through April in the U.S., are also entitled to have us pay the interest to floor the boat until the earlier of (1) the sale of the unit or (2) a date near the end of the current model year, which incentive we refer to as free flooring. From time to time, we may extend the flooring program to eligible models beyond the offseason period. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Our cost of sales includes all of the costs to manufacture our products, including raw materials, components, supplies, direct labor and factory overhead. For components and accessories manufactured by third-party vendors, such costs represent the amounts invoiced by the vendors. Shipping costs and depreciation expense related to manufacturing equipment and facilities are also included in cost of sales. Warranty costs associated with the repair or replacement of our boats under warranty are also included in cost of sales. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses include selling and marketing, general and administrative costs, amortization costs, and impairment costs. Each of these items includes personnel and related expenses, supplies, non-manufacturing overhead, third-party professional fees and various other operating expenses. Further, selling and marketing expenditures include the cost of advertising and various promotional sales incentive programs. General and administrative expenses include, among other things, salaries, benefits and other personnel related expenses for employees engaged in product development, engineering, finance, information technology, human resources and executive management. Other costs include outside legal and accounting fees, investor relations, risk management (insurance) and other administrative costs. General and administrative expenses also include product development expenses associated with our vertical integration initiative and acquisition or integration related expenses. Amortization expenses are associated with the amortization of intangibles. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net consists of interest expense and other income or expense, net. Interest expense consists of interest charged under our outstanding debt and amortization of deferred financing costs on our credit facilities. Other income or expense includes adjustments to our tax receivable agreement liability and sublease income. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 Malibu Boats, Inc. is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions with respect to our allocable share of any net taxable income of the LLC. The LLC is a pass-through entity for federal purposes but incurs income tax in certain state jurisdictions. Maverick Boat Group is separately subject to U.S. federal and state income tax with respect to its net taxable income. 
 Net (Loss) Income Attributable to Non-controlling Interest 
 As of each of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had a 98.4 and a 97.8 , respectively, controlling economic interest and 100 voting interest in the LLC and, therefore, we consolidate the LLC's operating results for financial statement purposes. Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest represents the portion of net (loss) income attributable to the non-controlling LLC members. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The table below sets forth our unaudited interim consolidated results of operations, expressed in thousands (except unit volume and net sales per unit) and as a percentage of net sales, for the periods presented. Our unaudited interim consolidated financial results for these periods are not necessarily indicative of the consolidated financial results that we will achieve in future periods. Certain totals for the table below will not sum to exactly 100 due to rounding. Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue Revenue Net sales 171,580 100.0 255,830 100.0 Cost of sales 143,371 83.6 199,036 77.8 Gross profit 28,209 16.4 56,794 22.2 Operating expenses: Selling and marketing 4,864 2.8 5,752 2.2 General and administrative 27,240 15.9 20,705 8.1 Amortization 1,716 1.0 1,715 0.7 Operating (loss) income (5,611) (3.3) 28,622 11.2 Other expense, net: Other (income), net (10) (10) Interest expense 396 0.2 884 0.4 Other expense, net 386 0.2 874 0.4 (Loss) income before (benefit) provision for income taxes (5,997) (3.5) 27,748 10.8 (Benefit) provision for income taxes (850) (0.5) 6,978 2.7 Net (loss) income (5,147) (3.0) 20,770 8.1 Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest (99) (0.1) 511 0.2 Net (loss) income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc. (5,048) (2.9) 20,259 7.9 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Unit Volumes Total Unit Volumes Total Volume by Segment Malibu 384 37.5 804 47.3 Saltwater Fishing 300 29.3 491 29.0 Cobalt 340 33.2 403 23.7 Total units 1,024 100.0 1,698 100.0 Net sales per unit 167,559 150,665 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 84.3 million, or 32.9 , to 171.6 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net sales was driven primarily by decreased unit volumes across all segments resulting primarily from decreased wholesale shipments, partially offset by a favorable model mix in our Malibu and Saltwater Fishing segments and inflation-driven year-over-year price increases. Unit volume for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 674 units, or 39.7 , to 1,024 units as compared to the three months ended 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2023. Our unit volume decreased primarily due to lower wholesale shipments across all segments driven by lower retail activity and our dealers' desire to hold less inventory. 
 Net sales attributable to our Malibu segment decreased 49.0 million, or 46.7 , to 56.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Unit volumes attributable to our Malibu segment decreased 420 units for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower wholesale shipments driven by lower retail activity during the period and our dealers' desire to hold less inventory. The decrease in net sales was driven by a decrease in units, partially offset by a favorable model mix and inflation-driven year-over-year price increases. 
 Net sales attributable to our Saltwater Fishing segment decreased 27.9 million, or 30.1 , to 64.8 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Unit volumes attributable to our Saltwater Fishing segment decreased 191 units for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower wholesale shipments driven by lower retail activity during the period and our dealers' desire to hold less inventory. The decrease in net sales was driven by a decrease in units, partially offset by inflation-driven year-over-year price increases and a favorable model mix. 
 Net sales attributable to our Cobalt segment decreased 7.4 million, or 12.7 , to 50.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Unit volumes attributable to Cobalt decreased 63 units for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower wholesale shipments driven by lower retail activity during the period and our dealers' desire to hold less inventory. The decrease in net sales was driven primarily by a decrease in units, partially offset by inflation-driven year-over-year price increases. 
 Overall consolidated net sales per unit increased 11.2 to 167,559 per unit for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in overall consolidated net sales per unit was driven primarily by favorable model mix in our Malibu and Saltwater Fishing segments and inflation-driven year-over-year price increases. Net sales per unit for our Malibu segment increased 11.7 to 145,883 per unit for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven by favorable model mix, inflation-driven year-over-year price increases and non-boat related customer service parts sales. Net sales per unit for our Saltwater Fishing segment increased 14.4 to 215,837 per unit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 driven by a favorable model mix and inflation-driven year-over-year price increases, partially offset by increased dealer incentive costs. Net sales per unit for our Cobalt segment increased 3.5 to 149,441 per unit for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven by inflation-driven year-over-year price increases. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 55.7 million, or 28.0 , to 143.4 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cost of sales was primarily driven by a 32.9 decrease in net sales due to lower unit volumes, partially offset by higher per unit material and labor costs of 5.3 million, 6.8 million and 2.6 million for the Malibu, Saltwater Fishing, and Cobalt segments, respectively. The increase in per unit material and labor costs was primarily driven by increased prices due to fixed cost deleverage, a model mix that corresponds to higher cost per unit in our Malibu and Saltwater Fishing segments and inflationary pressures. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 28.6 million, or 50.3 , to 28.2 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in gross profit was driven primarily by lower net sales partially offset by decreased cost of sales for the reasons noted above. Gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 580 basis points from 22.2 to 16.4 driven primarily by fixed cost deleverage due to lower sales and an increased mix of the Saltwater Fishing segment. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Selling and marketing expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 0.9 million, or 15.4 to 4.9 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by a decrease in certain personnel expenses and marketing events. As a percentage of sales, selling and marketing expenses increased 60 basis points to 2.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 6.5 million, or 31.6 , to 27.2 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 driven primarily by a 3.5 million legal settlement along with other related legal fees and increased stock compensation expense. As a percentage of sales, general and administrative 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 expenses increased 780 basis points to 15.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 8.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Amortization expense remained flat at 1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.5 million, or 55.8 to 0.4 million, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in other expense resulted primarily from decreased interest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our (benefit) provision for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 7.8 million, or 112.2 , to (0.9) million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease primarily resulted from decreased pre-tax earnings. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate of 14.2 and 25.1 , respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our effective tax rate was reduced by deferred tax impacts of pre-tax losses and U.S. state taxes. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, our effective tax rate exceeded the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of U.S. state taxes. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, this increase in tax rate was partially offset by the benefit of the foreign derived intangible income deduction. 
 Non-controlling Interest 
 Non-controlling interest represents the ownership interests of the members of the LLC other than us and the amount recorded as non-controlling interest in our unaudited interim condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income is computed by multiplying pre-tax (loss) income for the applicable period, by the percentage ownership in the LLC not directly attributable to us. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the weighted-average non-controlling interest attributable to ownership interests in the LLC not directly attributable to us was 1.6 and 2.2 , respectively. 

GAAP Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures that are used by management as well as by investors, commercial bankers, industry analysts and other users of our financial statements. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net (loss) income before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash, non-recurring or non-operating expenses, including certain professional fees, litigation settlements and non-cash compensation expense. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are not measures of net (loss) income as determined by GAAP. Management believes adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin allow investors to evaluate the Company s operating performance and compare our results of operations from period to period on a consistent basis by excluding items that management does not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA to assist in highlighting trends in our operating results without regard to our financing methods, capital structure and non-recurring or non-operating expenses. We exclude the items listed above from net (loss) income in arriving at Adjusted EBITDA because these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures, the methods by which assets were acquired and other factors. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net (loss) income as determined in accordance with GAAP or as an indicator of our liquidity. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing a company s financial performance, such as a company s cost of capital and tax structure, as well as the historical costs of depreciable assets. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should not be construed as an inference that our results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net (loss) income as determined in accordance with GAAP to Adjusted EBITDA and presentation of net (loss) income margin and Adjusted EBITDA margin for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net (loss) income (5,147) 20,770 (Benefit) provision for income taxes (850) 6,978 Interest expense 396 884 Depreciation 7,374 6,324 Amortization 1,716 1,715 Professional fees 1 
 1,006 857 Litigation settlement 2 
 3,500 Stock-based compensation expense 3 
 1,900 1,460 Adjusted EBITDA 9,895 38,988 Net Sales 171,580 255,830 Net (Loss) Income Margin 4 
 (3.0) 8.1 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 4 
 5.8 15.2 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024, represents legal and advisory fees related to ongoing litigation with the Company's insurance carriers related to the Batchelder matters for fiscal year 2025. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, represents legal and advisory fees related to product liability cases that were settled in June 2023. 
 (2) Represents amount the Company has agreed to pay pursuant to a settlement agreement with Mark E. Andrews, the Trustee for Tommy's Fort Worth LLC and the Debtors. The settlement agreement remains subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. (3) Represents equity-based incentives awarded to certain of our employees under the Malibu Boats, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan and profit interests issued under the previously existing limited liability company agreement of the LLC. See Note 13 to our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 (4) We calculate net (loss) income margin as net (loss) income divided by net sales, and we define adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income 
 We define Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income as net (loss) income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc. (i) excluding income tax (benefit) expense, (ii) excluding the effect of non-recurring or non-cash items, (iii) assuming the exchange of all LLC Units into shares of Class A Common Stock, which results in the elimination of non-controlling interest in the LLC, and (iv) reflecting an adjustment for income tax (benefit) expense on fully distributed net (loss) income before income taxes at our estimated effective income tax rate. Adjusted Fully Distributed Net (Loss) Income is a non-GAAP financial measure because it represents net (loss) income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc., before non-recurring or non-cash items and the effects of non-controlling interests in the LLC. 
 We use Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income to facilitate a comparison of our operating performance on a consistent basis from period to period that, when viewed in combination with our results prepared in accordance with GAAP, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than GAAP measures alone. 
 We believe Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income assists our board of directors, management and investors in comparing our net (loss) income on a consistent basis from period to period because it removes non-cash or non-recurring items, and eliminates the variability of non-controlling interest as a result of member owner exchanges of LLC Units into shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 In addition, because Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income is susceptible to varying calculations, the Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income measures, as presented in this Quarterly Report, may differ from and may, therefore, not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 The following table shows the reconciliation of the numerator and denominator for net (loss) income available to Class A Common Stock per share to Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income per Share of Class A Common Stock for the periods presented (in thousands except share and per share data): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of numerator for net (loss) income available to Class A Common Stock per share to Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income per Share of Class A Common Stock: Net (loss) income attributable to Malibu Boats, Inc. (5,048) 20,259 (Benefit) provision for income taxes (850) 6,978 Professional fees 1 
 1,006 857 Acquisition and integration related expenses 2 
 1,677 1,677 Stock-based compensation expense 3 
 1,900 1,460 Litigation settlement 4 
 3,500 Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest 5 
 (99) 511 Fully distributed net income before income taxes 2,086 31,742 Income tax expense on fully distributed income before income taxes 6 
 511 7,777 Adjusted fully distributed net income 1,575 23,965 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of denominator for net (loss) income available to Class A Common Stock per share to Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income per Share of Class A Common Stock: Weighted-average shares outstanding of Class A Common Stock used for basic net (loss) income per share: 20,025,742 20,586,487 Adjustments to weighted-average shares of Class A Common Stock: Weighted-average LLC Units held by non-controlling unit holders 7 
 321,419 455,919 Weighted-average unvested restricted stock awards issued to management 8 
 290,914 232,584 Adjusted weighted-average shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding used in computing Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income per Share of Class A Common Stock: 20,638,075 21,274,990 
 The following table shows the reconciliation of net (loss) income available to Class A Common Stock per share to Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income per Share of Class A Common Stock for the periods presented: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net (loss) income available to Class A Common Stock per share (0.25) 0.98 Impact of adjustments: (Benefit) provision for income taxes (0.04) 0.34 Professional fees 1 
 0.05 0.04 Acquisition and integration related expenses 2 
 0.08 0.08 Stock-based compensation expense 3 
 0.09 0.07 Litigation settlement 4 
 0.17 Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interest 5 
 0.02 Fully distributed net income per share before income taxes 0.10 1.53 Impact of income tax expense on fully distributed income before income taxes 6 
 (0.03) (0.38) Impact of increased share count 9 
 0.01 (0.02) Adjusted Fully Distributed Net Income per Share of Class A Common Stock 0.08 1.13 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024, represents legal and advisory fees related to ongoing litigation with the Company's insurance carriers related to the Batchelder matters for fiscal year 2025. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, represents legal and advisory fees related to product liability cases that were settled in June 2023. 
 (2) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, represents amortization of intangibles acquired in connection with the acquisitions of Maverick Boat Group, Pursuit and Cobalt. 
 (3) Represents equity-based incentives awarded to certain of our employees under the Malibu Boats, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan and profit interests issued under the previously existing limited liability company agreement of the LLC. See Note 13 to our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 (4) Represents amount the Company has agreed to pay pursuant to a settlement agreement with Mark E. Andrews, the Trustee for Tommy's Fort Worth LLC and the Debtors. The settlement agreement remains subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. (5) Reflects the elimination of the non-controlling interest in the LLC as if all LLC members had fully exchanged their LLC Units for shares of Class A Common Stock. (6) Reflects income tax expense at an estimated normalized annual effective income tax rate of 24.5 and 24.3 of income before income taxes for the three and three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, assuming the conversion of all LLC Units into shares of Class A Common Stock. The estimated normalized annual effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2025 is based on the federal statutory rate plus a blended state rate adjusted for the research and development tax credit, the foreign derived intangible income deduction, and foreign income taxes attributable to our Australian subsidiary. 
 (7) Represents the weighted-average shares outstanding of LLC Units held by non-controlling interests assuming they were exchanged into Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis. (8) Represents the weighted-average unvested restricted stock awards included in outstanding shares during the applicable period that were convertible into Class A Common Stock and granted to members of management. (9) Reflects impact of increased share counts assuming the exchange of all weighted-average shares outstanding of LLC Units into shares of Class A Common Stock and the conversion of all weighted-average unvested restricted stock awards included in outstanding shares granted to members of management. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview and Primary Sources of Cash 
 Our primary uses of cash have been for funding working capital and capital investments, repayments under our debt arrangements, acquisitions, cash distributions to members of the LLC, cash payments under our tax receivable agreement and stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program. For both the short term and the long term, our sources of cash to meet these needs have primarily been operating cash flows, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and short and long-term debt financings from banks and financial institutions. We believe that our cash on hand, cash generated by operating activities and funds available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to finance our operating activities for at least the next twelve months and beyond. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our typical uses of cash are for capital expenditures, debt service obligations, payments under our tax receivables agreement, our lease obligations and return of capital to our stockholders, which has typically been accomplished through our stock repurchase programs. 
 Capital Expenditures . For fiscal year 2024, we incurred approximately 76.0 million in capital expenditures primarily related to the purchase and completion of our Roane County, Tennessee facility as well as new models, capacity enhancements and vertical integration initiatives. We expect capital expenditures between 30.0 million and 35.0 million for fiscal year 2025, (of which we have incurred approximately 8.6 million through the first three months of fiscal year 2025), primarily for investments in new models, capacity enhancements and vertical integration initiatives. Other investment opportunities, such as potential strategic acquisitions, may require additional funding. 
 Principal and Interest Payments . Our Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement provides us with a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 350.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had 28.0 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility and 1.7 million in outstanding letters of credit, with 320.3 million available for borrowing. The revolving credit facility matures on July 8, 2027. Assuming no additional repayments or borrowings on our revolving credit facility after September 30, 2024, our interest payments would be approximately 2.3 million within the next 12 months based on the interest rate at September 30, 2024 of 8.25 . See below under Revolving Credit Facility for additional information regarding our revolving credit facility, including the interest rate applicable to any borrowing under such facility. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement . We entered into a tax receivable agreement with our pre-IPO owners at the time of our initial public offering. Under the tax receivables agreement, we pay the pre-IPO owners (or any permitted assignees) 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of an expected increase in our share of tax basis in LLC s tangible and intangible assets, including increases attributable to payments made under the tax receivable agreement. These obligations will not be paid if we do not realize cash tax savings. We estimate that no amounts will be due under the tax receivable agreement within the next 12 months. In accordance with the tax receivable agreement, the next payment is anticipated to occur once net operating losses are utilized and there is sufficient taxable income. 
 Operating Lease Obligations . Lease commitments consist principally of leases for our manufacturing facilities. Our expected operating lease payments due within the next 12 months are 2.3 million and our total committed lease payments are 7.8 million as of September 30, 2024. Additional information regarding our operating leases is available in Note 10 of our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 Purchase Obligations . In the ordinary course of business, we enter into purchase orders from a variety of suppliers, primarily for raw materials, in order to manage our various operating needs. The orders are expected to be purchased throughout fiscal year 2025. We or the vendor can generally terminate the purchase orders at any time. These purchase orders do not contain any termination payments or other penalties if cancelled. As of September 30, 2024, we had purchase orders in the amount of 69.1 million due within the next 12 months. 
 Return of Capital/Stock Repurchase Program . We previously announced that we intend to return capital of at least 10.0 million per quarter through May 2025 through either the repurchase of Class A Common Stock or through dividend payments. To date, we have returned capital to our stockholders through the repurchase of our stock and have not declared any dividends. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 278,485 shares of Class A Common Stock for 10.1 million in cash including related fees and expenses under our 2023 Repurchase Program. Our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our Class A Common Stock and the LLC's LLC Units for the period from November 8, 2023 to November 8, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, 72.6 million was available to 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 repurchase shares of Class A Common Stock and LLC Units under the 2023 Repurchase Program. On October 23, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 50.0 million of our Class A Common Stock and the LLC's LLC Units for the period from November 9, 2024 to June 30, 2025. We may repurchase shares of our common stock at any time or from time to time, without prior notice, subject to market conditions and other considerations. We have no obligation to repurchase any shares of our common stock under the share repurchase program. We intend to fund repurchases under the repurchase program from cash on hand. 
 During fiscal year 2024, we had a one-time payment of 100.0 million with respect to a settlement agreement entered in connection with the settlement of all Batchelder-related product liability matters. We borrowed 75.0 million under the revolving credit facility to fund a portion of that payment. We maintain liability insurance applicable to the Batchelder-related matters with coverage up to 26.0 million. As of October 31, 2024, we had received approximately 21.0 million in insurance coverage proceeds, subject in certain cases to reservation of rights by the insurance carriers. We contend that the insurance carriers are responsible for the entirety of the 100.0 million settlement amount and related expenses, and therefore the insurers payments to date are well below what they should have tendered to Boats LLC. Accordingly, on July 3, 2023, Boats LLC filed a complaint against Federal Insurance Company and Starr Indemnity Liability Company alleging that the insurers unreasonably failed to comply with their obligations by refusing, negligently and in bad faith, to settle covered claims within their available policy limits prior to trial. We intend to vigorously pursue our claims against our insurers to recover the full 100.0 million settlement amount and expenses (less any monies already tendered without reservation by the carriers). However, we cannot predict the outcome of such litigation. 
 Our future capital requirements beyond the next 12 months will depend on many factors, including the general economic environment in which we operate and our ability to generate cash flow from operations, which are more uncertain as a result of inflation, increasing interest rates, increasing fuel prices. Our liquidity needs during this uncertain time will depend on multiple factors, including our ability to continue operations and production of boats, the performance of our dealers and suppliers, the impact of the general economy on our dealers, suppliers and retail customers, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing, and our operating performance. 
 The following table summarizes the cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Total cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (8,402) (48,411) Investing activities (8,626) (39,527) Financing activities 17,513 54,605 Impact of currency exchange rates on cash balances 229 (142) Increase (Decrease) in cash 714 (33,475) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 8.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash used in operating activities of 48.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 40.0 million. The decrease in cash used in operating activities resulted from a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of 69.9 million. This decrease was primarily driven by a one-time payment of 100.0 million with respect to a settlement agreement entered in connection with all Batchelder-related product liability matters during the three months ended September 30, 2023, offset by 21.0 million in insurance coverage proceeds received during the three months ended September 30, 2023 that are subject in certain cases to reservations of rights by the insurance carriers, as well as the timing of collections of accounts receivables, payments for accruals and payables, and purchases of inventory. The increase in operating assets and liabilities was partially offset by a decrease of 29.9 million in net income (after consideration of non-cash items included in net (loss) income, primarily related to depreciation, amortization, deferred tax assets and non-cash compensation). 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 8.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 39.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease in net cash used of 30.9 million. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily related to decreased capital expenditures compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 17.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 54.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 37.1 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we borrowed 28.0 million, net of repayments, under our revolving credit facility and repurchased 10.5 million of our Class A Common Stock under our current stock repurchase program. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we repaid 65.0 million, net of borrowings, under our revolving credit facility and repurchased 9.6 million of our Class A Common Stock under our prior stock repurchase program. We also paid 0.8 million in distributions to LLC Unit holders. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On July 8, 2022, Boats LLC entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement which provides Boats LLC with a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 350.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 28.0 million outstanding under its revolving credit facility and 1.7 million in outstanding letters of credit, with 320.3 million available for borrowing. The revolving credit facility matures on July 8, 2027. Boats LLC has the option to request that lenders increase the amount available under the revolving credit facility by, or obtain incremental term loans of, up to 200.0 million, subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement and only if existing or new lenders choose to provide additional term or revolving commitments. 
 Our indirect subsidiary, Malibu Boats, LLC is the borrower under the Credit Agreement and its obligations are guaranteed by the LLC and, subject to certain exceptions, the present and future domestic subsidiaries of Malibu Boats, LLC, and all such obligations are secured by substantially all of the assets of the LLC, Malibu Boats, LLC and such subsidiary guarantors. Malibu Boats, Inc. is not a party to the Credit Agreement. 
 All borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to either, at our option, (i) the highest of the prime rate, the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5 , or one-month Term SOFR plus 1 (the Base Rate or (ii) SOFR, in each case plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.25 to 2.00 with respect to SOFR borrowings and 0.25 to 1.00 with respect to Base Rate borrowings. The applicable margin will be based upon the consolidated leverage ratio of the LLC and its subsidiaries. We are required to pay a commitment fee for the unused portion of the revolving credit facility, which will range from 0.15 to 0.30 per annum, depending on the LLC s and its subsidiaries consolidated leverage ratio. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, and notice requirements for the occurrence of specific events such as the occurrence of any event of default or pending or threatened litigation. The Credit Agreement also requires compliance with certain customary financial covenants consisting of a minimum ratio of EBITDA to interest expense and a maximum ratio of total debt to EBITDA. The Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants regarding indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, investments, share repurchases, dividends and distributions, disposition of assets, transactions with affiliates, negative pledges, hedging transactions, certain prepayments of indebtedness, accounting changes and governmental regulation. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. If an event of default has occurred and continues beyond any applicable cure period, the administrative agent may (i) accelerate all outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement or (ii) terminate the commitments, amongst other remedies. Additionally, the lenders are not obligated to fund any new borrowing under the Credit Agreement while an event of default is continuing. 
 Repurchase Commitments 
 Our dealers have arrangements with certain finance companies to provide secured floor plan financing for the purchase of our boats. These arrangements indirectly provide liquidity to us by financing dealer purchases of our products, thereby minimizing the use of our working capital in the form of accounts receivable. A majority of our sales are financed under similar arrangements, pursuant to which we receive payment within a few days of shipment of the product. In most cases, we have agreed to repurchase products repossessed by the finance companies if a dealer defaults on its debt obligations to a finance company and the boat is returned to us, subject to certain limitations. Our financial exposure under these agreements is limited to the difference between the amounts unpaid by the dealer with respect to the repossessed product plus costs of repossession and the amount received on the resale of the repossessed product. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 19 new model year 2024 units related to the ongoing bankruptcy with Tommy's Boats totaling 2.5 million. Pursuant to an order of the bankruptcy court, we have agreed to repurchase those boats that were the subject of a repurchase agreement with M T Bank and that have not otherwise been sold to customers. This repurchase was reflected in the Company's June 30, 2024 consolidated financial statements and these boats were subsequently resold during the three months ended September 30, 2024 above cost. With respect to boats not subject to the repurchase agreement, the bankruptcy trustee has retained Gordon Brothers to sell the remaining inventory as part of liquidation sales that are ongoing. For fiscal year 2023, we did not repurchase any boats under our repurchase agreement. An adverse change in retail sales could require us to repurchase 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 repossessed units upon an event of default by any of our dealers, subject to the annual limitation. Refer to Note 15 to the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for further information on repurchase commitments. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes in the application of our critical accounting policies or estimation procedures from those presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, for a complete discussion on the Company s market risk. There have been no material changes in market risk from those disclosed in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Part II - Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The discussion of legal matters under this section entitled "Legal Proceedings" is incorporated by reference from Note 15 of our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 The pending lawsuits described in Note 15 of our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and any other related lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties, and the actual defense and disposition costs will depend upon many unknown factors. The outcomes of the pending lawsuits and any other related lawsuits are necessarily uncertain. We could be forced to expend significant resources in the defense of the pending lawsuits and any additional lawsuits, and we may not prevail. In addition, we may incur substantial legal fees and costs in connection with such lawsuits. We currently are not able to estimate the possible cost to us from these matters, as the pending lawsuits are currently at an early stage, and we cannot be certain how long it may take to resolve the pending lawsuits or the possible amount of any damages that we may be required to pay. Such amounts could be material to our financial statements if we do not prevail in the defense of the pending lawsuits and any other related lawsuits, or even if we do prevail. We have not established any reserve for any potential liability relating to the pending lawsuits and any other related lawsuits. It is possible that we could, in the future, incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , other than as described below, there were no material changes to the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 . 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Repurchase of Class A Common Stock 
 This table provides information with respect to purchases by us of shares of our Class A Common Stock under our stock repurchase programs during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands except share and per share data). Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (1) 
 July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 97,435 35.49 97,435 79,211 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 98,312 
 34.98 98,312 75,739 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 82,738 37.83 82,738 72,583 Total 278,485 35.91 278,485 72,583 
 (1) On October 26, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the "2023 Repurchase Program") to allow for the repurchase of up to 100.0 million of our Class A Common Stock and the LLC's LLC Units for the period from November 8, 2023 to November 8, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 278,485 shares of Class A Common Stock for 10.1 million in cash including related fees and expenses under our 2023 Repurchase Program. Our share repurchase programs do not obligate us to repurchase a minimum amount of shares. Under the programs, shares of Class A Common Stock may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Malibu Boats, Inc. S-1 333-192862 3.1 January 8, 2014 3.2 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Malibu Boats, Inc. 8-K 001-36290 3.1 October 28, 2024 3.3 
 Certificate of Formation of Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC S-1 333-192862 3.3 January 8, 2014 3.4 
 First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC, dated as of February 5, 2014 8-K 001-36290 10.1 February 6, 2014 3.4.1 
 First Amendment, dated as of February 5, 2014, to First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC 10-Q/A 001-36290 3.5 May 13, 2014 3.4.2 
 Second Amendment, dated as of June 27, 2014, to First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC 8-K 001-36290 3.1 June 27, 2014 4.1 
 Description of Class A Common Stock 10-K 001-36290 4.1 August 29, 2024 4.2 
 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate S-1 333-192862 4.1 January 8, 2014 4.3 
 Form of Class B Common Stock Certificate S-1 333-192862 4.2 January 8, 2014 4.4 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2014, by and among Malibu Boats, Inc. and Affiliates of Black Canyon Capital LLC and Horizon Holdings, LLC 8-K 001-36290 10.2 February 6, 2014 4.5 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2014, by and among Malibu Boats, Inc. and the Members of Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC 8-K 001-36290 10.3 February 6, 2014 4.6 
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2014, by and among Malibu Boats, Inc., Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC and the Other Members of Malibu Boats Holdings, LLC 8-K 001-36290 10.4 February 6, 2014 10.1 
 Malibu Boats, Inc. 2024 Performance Incentive Plan 8-K 001-36290 10.1 October 28, 2024 31.1++ 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Malibu Boats, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2++ 
 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Malibu Boats, Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1++ 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Malibu Boats, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 were formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (Included as Exhibit 101). 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 ++ Filed herewith 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 October 31, 2024 MALIBU BOATS, INC. By: /s/ Steven D. Menneto Steven D. Menneto, 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 By: /s/ Bruce W. Beckman Bruce W. Beckman, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

41 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q12025-exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steven D. Menneto, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Malibu Boats, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated October 31, 2024 s Steven D. Menneto Steven D. Menneto Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q12025-exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bruce W. Beckman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Malibu Boats, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated October 31, 2024 s Bruce W. Beckman Bruce W. Beckman Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q12025-exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Steven D. Menneto, Chief Executive Officer of Malibu Boats, Inc. (the Company ), and Bruce W. Beckman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 31 st day of October, 2024. 

s Bruce W. Beckman s Steven D. Menneto Bruce W. Beckman Steven D. Menneto Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Malibu Boats, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 mbuu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 mbuu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 mbuu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 mbuu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 mbuu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

