<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1701541_0001701541-24-000042.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5203900</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173569</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1015236</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1672109</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1228662</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1016502</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001701541-24-000042.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105070350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001701541-24-000042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001701541
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39200
		FILM NUMBER:		241425591

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MAIN STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-417-5868

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MAIN STREET, 14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aset Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170321

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001701541-24-000042.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 bdtx-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bdtx-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _ TO _ 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 ___________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report) contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , will , could , should , expects , intends , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential , continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the progress, timing and success of our clinical trials of BDTX-1535 and any other product candidates, including the availability, timing and announcement of data and results of such trials; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for BDTX-1535 or any of our future product candidates that we may identify or develop; 
 the scope, timing, progress and results of our clinical trials and Investigational New Drug (IND) applications, development efforts and other regulatory submissions; 
 the effects of competition with respect to BDTX-1535, BDTX-4933 or any of our other current or future product candidates, as well as innovations by current and future competitors in our industry; 
 the impact of our restructuring plan and the expected cost savings from the restructuring; 
 our evaluation of strategic alternatives for BDTX-4876 and potential partnership opportunities for BDTX-4933, including our ability to execute and realize the anticipated benefits of any strategic alternatives we may pursue; 
 our need to raise additional funding before we can expect to generate any revenues from product sales; 
 our ability to develop our current product candidates for the treatment of various cancers; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility for any current or future product candidates we may develop; 
 the implementation of our strategic plans for our business and our product candidates; 
 our ability to successfully develop companion diagnostics for use with our current or future product candidates; 
 our intellectual property position, including the scope of protection we are able to establish, maintain and enforce for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and Mutation-Allostery-Pharmacology (MAP) drug discovery engine; 
 our ability to obtain additional funding for our operations, when needed, including funding necessary to complete further development and commercialization of our product candidates, if approved; 
 the period over which we expect our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements; 
 the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 our future financial performance and our ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth; 
 our estimates regarding the market opportunities for our product candidates, including our competitive position and the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 
 our need for and ability to attract and retain key scientific, management and other personnel and to identify, hire and retain additional qualified professionals; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 the potential for our business development efforts to maximize the value of our product candidates; 
 the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets, either alone or in partnership with others; 
 our ability to establish or maintain collaborations or strategic relationships and the ability and willingness of our third-party strategic collaborators to undertake research and development activities relating to our current or future product candidates; 
 our expectations regarding the period during which we will remain an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act); 
 our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls; 
 the impact of global economic and political developments on our business, including rising inflation and capital market disruptions, economic sanctions and economic slowdowns or recessions that may result from such developments which could harm our research and development efforts as well as the value of our common stock and our ability to access capital markets; and 
 the ultimate impact of health epidemics, pandemics, and other widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, including mitigation efforts and economic effects, on any of the foregoing or other aspects of our business operations, including but not limited to our clinical trials, our research programs, healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole. 
 Any forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report reflect our current views with respect to future events and with respect to our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those described under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report) and in other Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 All of our forward-looking statements are as of the date of this Quarterly Report only. In each case, actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking information. We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. An occurrence of or any material adverse change in one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this Quarterly Report or included in our other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents or filings filed with or furnished to the SEC, could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Some of these risks and uncertainties may in the future be amplified by global health crises, and there may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. Except as required by law, we do not undertake or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking statements occurring after the date of this Quarterly Report, even if such results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be realized. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this Quarterly Report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this Quarterly Report. 
 This Quarterly Report contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report. In this Quarterly Report, the terms Black Diamond Therapeutics , Black Diamond , the Company , we , us , our and similar designations refer to Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. and, where appropriate, our wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 We may from time to time provide estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, the general business environment, and the markets for certain diseases, including estimates regarding the potential size of those markets and the estimated incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties, and actual events, circumstances or numbers, including actual disease prevalence rates and market size, may differ materially from the information reflected in this Quarterly Report. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business information, market data, prevalence information and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources, in some cases applying our own assumptions and analysis that may, in the future, prove not to have been accurate. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 6 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 35 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 35 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 35 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 36 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 37 
 SIGNATURES 
 38 

We have applied for various trademarks that we use in connection with the operation of our business. This Quarterly Report may also contain trademarks, service marks and trade names of third parties, which are the property of their respective owners. Our use or display of third parties trademarks, service marks, trade names or products in this Quarterly Report is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship by, us. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Quarterly Report may appear without the , TM or SM symbols, but the omission of such references is not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or that the applicable owner of these trademarks, service marks and trade names will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights. 
 From time to time, we may use our website or our LinkedIn profile at www.linkedin.com/company/black-diamond-therapeutics to distribute material information. Our financial and other material information is routinely posted to and accessible on the Investors section of our website, available at www.blackdiamondtherapeutics.com. Investors are encouraged to review the Investors section of our website because we may post material information on that site that is not otherwise disseminated by us. Information that is contained in and can be accessed through our website or our LinkedIn page is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Quarterly Report. 

Table of Contents 

 Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item I. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As of 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 Investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Restricted cash 
 Right-of-use assets Other non-current assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Non-current operating lease liabilities Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) 
 ) Total stockholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Other income (expense) Total other income (expense), net Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on investments, net Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss ) ) Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation expense (Accretion) amortization on investments ) ) Noncash rent expense Loss on disposal of equipment (Gain) Loss on sale of equipment ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of equipment ) Proceeds from sale of equipment Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments Purchases of investments ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of common stock options and ESPP Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Restricted cash, end of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Common stock 
 Additional 
 paid-in capital 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit 
 Total 
 stockholders 
 equity 
 
 Shares 
 Par Value 

BALANCE - December 31, 2022 ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Surrender of shares for taxes ) Issuance of common stock related to ESPP Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain (loss) on investments Net loss ) ) BALANCE - March 31, 2023 ) ) Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain (loss) on investments Net loss ) ) BALANCE - June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Exercise of common stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Surrender of shares for taxes ) Issuance of common stock related to ESPP Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain (loss) on investments Net loss ) ) BALANCE - September 30, 2023 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Common stock 
 Additional 
 paid-in capital 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit 
 Total 
 stockholders 
 equity 
 
 Shares 
 Par Value 

BALANCE - December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Exercise of common stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock related to ESPP Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Net loss ) ) BALANCE - March 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Exercise of common stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Surrender of shares for taxes ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Net loss ) ) BALANCE - June 30, 2024 ) ) Exercise of common stock options Issuance of common stock related to ESPP Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain (loss) on investments Net loss ) ) BALANCE - September 30, 2024 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 1. 
 On November 14, 2022, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the Shelf Registration Statement), with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), which covers the offering, issuance and sale of the Company s common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and/or units of any combination thereof up to a maximum offering price of million. The Company simultaneously entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM with Jefferies LLC (Jefferies), as sales agent, to provide for the issuance and sale by the Company of up to million of its common stock from time to time through Jefferies (the ATM Program). The Shelf Registration Statement became effective on November 22, 2022. As of September 30, 2024, the Company sold shares of its common stock pursuant to the ATM Program, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately million million net of offering costs). 
 On July 5, 2023, the Company completed an underwritten public offering (the Follow-on Offering) of shares of the Company s common stock at a price to the public of per share. The aggregate net proceeds from the Follow-on Offering totaled approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of continuity of operations, realization of assets, and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. Historically, the Company has funded its operations primarily with proceeds from the sale of common stock and preferred stock. The Company has had recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations in all periods since inception and had an accumulated deficit of million as of September 30, 2024. The Company expects to continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. 
 As of November 5, 2024, the issuance date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company expects that its cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund its currently planned operations for at least the next 12 months from the filing date of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 Unaudited interim financial information 
 The condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company included herein have been prepared, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted from this Quarterly Report, as is permitted by such rules and regulations. Accordingly, these condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. In the opinion of the Company s management, all adjustments (consisting of normal and recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented have been included. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Investments: Commercial paper Corporate bonds Total 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Investments: Commercial paper Corporate bonds Total 
 When developing fair value estimates, the Company maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. When available, the Company uses quoted market prices to measure fair value. The valuation technique used to measure fair value for the Company's Level 1 and Level 2 assets is a market approach, using prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets. If market prices are not available, the fair value measurement is based on models that use primarily market-based parameters including yield curves, volatilities, credit ratings and currency rates. In certain cases where market rate assumptions are not available, the Company is required to make judgments about assumptions market participants would use to estimate the fair value of a financial instrument. 
 There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 categories in the periods presented. 
 
 4. 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Total ) 
 As of December 31, 2023, investments were comprised of the following: Amortized Cost 
 Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) Total ) 
 As of September 30, 2024, all marketable securities held by the Company had remaining contractual maturities of one year or less. 
 As of December 31, 2023, all marketable securities held by the Company had remaining contractual maturities of one year or less. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company reviewed its investment portfolio to assess the unrealized losses on its available-for-sale investments. The Company evaluated whether it intended to sell the security and whether it was more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell the security before recovering its amortized cost basis. The Company also determined no portion of the unrealized losses relate to a credit loss. There have been impairments of the Company s assets measured and carried at fair value during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Leasehold improvements Property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Property and Equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 6. 
 shares of common stock in a newly formed antibody-focused precision oncology company, Revelio Therapeutics, Inc. (Revelio) (formerly known as Launchpad Therapeutics, Inc.), in exchange for contributing early discovery-stage antibody programs and granting Revelio a license to use its MAP drug discovery engine to discover, develop and commercialize large molecule therapeutics. As of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, the Company had a voting interest in Revelio of and , respectively, and one seat on Revelio s Board of Directors, which provide the Company with significant influence over Revelio. Other investors in Revelio include Versant Ventures and New Enterprise Associates (NEA), who are shareholders of the Company. 
 . Since the Company has no obligation to provide financing support to Revelio, the Company is not required to record further losses exceeding the carrying value of the investment. The Company also determined that its investment in Revelio is not material or significant to its operations or financial position. 
 
 7. 
 Payroll and related expenses Professional and consulting fees Current portion of operating lease liability Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock as of the last day of the prior year. On January 1, 2024, shares of common stock, representing of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2023, were added to the 2020 Plan. 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2020 ESPP) was approved by the Company s board of directors on December 5, 2019, and the Company s stockholders on January 14, 2020, and became effective on the date immediately prior to the date on which the registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective. The 2020 ESPP provides for an annual increase, to be added on the first day of each fiscal year, by up to of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31. The number of authorized shares reserved for issuance under the 2020 ESPP was increased by shares effective as of January 1, 2024. 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Restricted stock units Employee Stock Purchase Plan and Other 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock under its 2020 Plan in accordance with its policy where non-employee directors may elect to receive their compensation in the form of common stock in lieu of cash. 
 
 General and administrative 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled or forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding September 30, 2024 Options vested or expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost related to the unvested stock-options was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Restricted stock units 
 The fair values of restricted stock units are based on the market value of the Company s stock on the date of the grant. Under terms of the time-based restricted stock agreements covering the common stock, shares of restricted common stock are subject to a vesting schedule. Vested ) Cancelled or forfeited ) Unvested restricted common stock as of September 30, 2024 
 The total fair value of time-based restricted stock units vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was . 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to the time-based unvested restricted stock units. 
 The Company had performance restricted stock units outstanding at the year ended December 31, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted performance restricted stock units to its employees, released performance restricted stock units due to the achievement of certain financing milestones, and had performance restricted stock units forfeited. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had performance restricted stock units outstanding. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 expense has been recognized related to these awards in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Employee stock purchase plan 
 The 2020 ESPP enables eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at the end of each offering period at a price equal to of the fair market value of the shares on the first business day or the last business day of the offering period, whichever is lower. Eligible employees generally included all employees. Offering periods begin on the first trading day of January and July of each year and end on the last trading day in June and December of each year, except for the first offering period which began on the first trading day in March and ended on the last trading day in June. Share purchases are funded through payroll deductions of up to of an employee s eligible compensation for each payroll period, up to each calendar year. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were and shares, respectively, issued under the 2020 ESPP. 
 
 9.) 
 ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

The Company s potentially dilutive securities, which include options, unvested restricted stock and warrants to purchase common stock, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be to reduce the net loss per share. Therefore, the weighted average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share is the same. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Unvested restricted stock Shares issuable under employee stock purchase plan Unvested performance restricted stock units Warrants to purchase common stock 

10. 
 operating leases with required future minimum payments. The Company determined the classification of these leases to be operating leases and recorded right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as of the effective dates. The Company s leases generally do not include termination or purchase options. 
 Operating leases 
 In July 2020, the Company entered into a agreement with an option to extend for five additional years to lease two floors totaling approximately square feet of office space for its principal office, which is located in Cambridge, MA. The lease on the first floor commenced on August 1, 2020 and the lease on the second floor commenced March 9, 2021. The Company recognized the respective lease balances on the condensed consolidated balance sheets when the lease of each floor commenced. Under the terms of the lease, the Company was required to issue a letter of credit as security for the lease, which was reduced to in August 2023 pursuant to the terms of the lease agreement. Additionally, on December 12, 2022, the Company entered into a sublease for one floor of its Cambridge, Massachusetts office space. The sublease terminates on August 31, 2028, which is also the date on which the Company's lease terminates. Sublease income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the sublease agreement. The Company was not relieved of its primary obligation under the Cambridge office lease as a result of the sublease. 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to lease approximately square feet of office and laboratory space in New York, NY. The Company has an option to extend the lease for five additional years. The lease commenced August 26, 2021 and the related lease balance was recognized on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, on June 19, 2024, the Company entered into a sublease for its office and laboratory space in New York, NY. The sublease terminates on June 30, 2026, with the option to extend to June 30, 2027. Sublease income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the sublease agreement. The Company was not relieved of its primary obligation under the New York lease as a result of the sublease. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 Other Operating Lease Information September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liability Weighted-average remaining lease term Weighted-average discount rate 
 The variable lease costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include common area maintenance and other operating charges. As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company utilized its incremental borrowing rate to discount lease payments, which reflects the fixed rate at which the Company could borrow on a collateralized basis the amount of the lease payments in the same currency, for a similar term, in a similar economic environment. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) Total lease liability 

11. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

12. 
 of a participant s eligible contributions of up to of eligible compensation, subject to limits established by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the Code). All matching contributions are fully vested when made. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company contributed , , and , respectively, to the 401(k) Plan. 
 
 13. 
 in connection with the reduction in force, primarily consisting of severance payments and other employee termination-related expenses. The Company expects that the reduction in force will be substantially complete by the end of 2024. The estimated charges that the Company expects to incur are subject to a number of assumptions, and actual results may differ from these estimates. The Company may also incur additional costs not currently contemplated due to events that may occur as a result of, or that are associated with, the reduction in force. Cost savings from the Restructuring Plan are expected to be sufficient to fund operations into the second quarter of 2026. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on March 12, 2024. This discussion and analysis and other parts of this Quarterly Report contain forward-looking statements based upon current beliefs, plans and expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, such as statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and projections. Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other SEC filings. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage oncology company developing MasterKey therapies that target families of oncogenic mutations in patients with cancer. The foundation of our company is built upon a deep understanding of cancer genetics, onco-protein structure and function, and medicinal chemistry. Our MasterKey therapies are designed to address a broad spectrum of genetically defined tumors, overcome resistance, minimize wild-type mediated toxicities, and be brain-penetrant to treat central nervous system (CNS) disease. Our compounds target families of oncogenic mutations in clinically validated pathways. We are advancing one clinical-stage program: BDTX-1535, a brain-penetrant, fourth-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) MasterKey inhibitor, targeting epidermal growth factor receptor mutant (EGFRm) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and glioblastoma (GBM), and are actively seeking partnerships for a second clinical-stage program, BDTX-4933, a brain-penetrant, RAF MasterKey inhibitor targeting KRAS, NRAS and BRAF alterations in solid tumors. 
 We believe that our lead product candidate, BDTX-1535, has the potential to treat newly diagnosed patients with EGFRm NSCLC, as well as those with recurrent disease, based upon BDTX-1535 s ability to address greater than 50 classical and non-classical oncogenic driver mutations with greater potency than other EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), as well as uniquely target the C797S resistance mutation which can be acquired after treatment with osimertinib. In our Phase 1 trial in patients with recurrent EGFRm NSCLC, BDTX-1535 was shown to be well tolerated and achieve durable clinical responses in patients whose tumors expressed a range of mutation subtypes, including the acquired C797S resistance mutation and a spectrum of non-classical mutations. 
 We are currently evaluating BDTX-1535 in a Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with EGFRm NSCLC in the second- and third-line settings with non-classical driver mutations and acquired C797S resistance mutation, and in the first-line setting in patients with EGFRm NSCLC harboring non-classical EGFR mutations. 
 In September 2024, we announced initial Phase 2 data demonstrating encouraging clinical responses and durability of BDTX-1535 in the second- and third-line settings. The 200 mg daily dose of BDTX-1535 was selected for pivotal development, showing robust EGFRm target coverage and a favorable tolerability profile with no new safety signals observed. Based on an August 2024 data cut, a preliminary overall response rate (ORR) of 42 was seen in 19 patients with known osimertinib resistance EGFR mutations (PACC P-loop C-helix compressing and C797S mutations). Acquisition of C797S was frequently observed in patients who progressed following treatment with osimertinib. PACC mutations represent a structure-function group of non-classical oncogenic driver mutations which may accumulate or be acquired following treatment with osimertinib. Encouraging durability was noted with a duration of response (DOR) of approximately eight months or more in the first three patients who achieved a partial response (PR), while 14 of the 19 patients remained on treatment. Initial results from the first-line cohort are anticipated in the first quarter of 2025. In October 2024, we announced a corporate restructuring plan to prioritize our resources on advancing BDTX-1535 into pivotal development. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 In June 2024, at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting, we presented preliminary data from the Phase 1 trial of BDTX-1535 in patients with relapsed/recurrent GBM, demonstrating encouraging duration of treatment and clinical activity, and a tolerability profile consistent with the initial safety data from the dose escalation portion of the Phase 1 trial presented in 2023. In addition, at the June 2024 ASCO meeting, our collaborators at the Ivy Brain Tumor Center presented initial intratumoral pharmacokinetic data from a window of opportunity study in patients with recurrent high-grade glioma (HGG) with EGFR alterations and/or fusions at initial diagnosis. This study, also known as a Phase 0/1 Trigger trial, is sponsored by the Ivy Brain Tumor Center. Initial results from this investigator-sponsored trial demonstrated that BDTX-1535 exceeded the pre-specified threshold for drug concentration in the brain tumor tissue and was generally well tolerated with expected EGFR-mediated side effects. Additional promising results from this trial were presented by the Ivy Brain Tumor Center at the European Association of Neuro-Oncology (EANO) meeting in October 2024. The data demonstrated that BDTX-1535 effectively penetrates rarely accessible regions of glioblastoma and suppresses EGFR signaling in patient tumors and provide rationale for the program s expansion into newly diagnosed glioblastoma patients with EGFR aberrations. 
 Our second product candidate, BDTX-4933, is designed to be a potent and selective, reversible oral inhibitor that targets broad families of oncogenic BRAF, KRAS and NRAS alterations. BDTX-4933 selectively targets constitutively active RAF dimers resulting from either BRAF mutations or other upstream oncogenic MAPK pathway alterations, such as KRAS and NRAS alterations. In preclinical tumor models, we observed that BDTX-4933 demonstrated brain-penetrant activity and achieved regression of tumors carrying a broad spectrum of KRAS mutations, NRAS alterations, as well as BRAF Class I, II, and III mutations. We initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial for BDTX-4933 in the second quarter of 2023 in patients with BRAF and select KRAS and NRAS mutation-positive cancers, with an emphasis on patients with non-G12C KRAS mutant NSCLC. In October 2024, we announced we are actively seeking partnerships for this asset as we deprioritize the BDTX-4933 program in RAF/RAS-mutant solid tumors and focus resources on our lead program BDTX-1535. 
 Since our inception in 2014, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, discovering product candidates and securing related intellectual property rights while conducting research and development activities for our programs. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. We may never be able to develop or commercialize a marketable product. We have not yet successfully completed any pivotal clinical trials, obtained any regulatory marketing approvals, manufactured a commercial-scale drug, or conducted sales and marketing activities. 
 To date, we have funded our operations with proceeds from the sale of common stock and preferred stock. Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were 53.7 million and 63.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 471.1 million. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our current or future product candidates. We expect that our expenses and capital requirements will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly if and as we: 
 advance clinical development of BDTX-1535; 
 obtain, maintain, expand, enforce and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
 attract and retain key clinical, scientific, management and commercial personnel; 
 seek marketing approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, if any; and 
 acquire or in-license additional product candidates. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings or other capital sources, which may include collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, and reduce headcount and general and administrative costs. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. 
 Additionally, we continue to actively monitor macroeconomic conditions and market volatility resulting from global economic developments, political unrest, high inflation, disruptions in capital markets, changes in international trade relationships and military conflicts, and health crises. While we believe such factors have had no significant impact on our business or financial results during the periods presented, future developments and potential impacts on our business are uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of approximately 112.7 million, which we believe will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the second quarter of 2026. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. See Liquidity and capital resources. To finance our operations beyond that point, we will need to raise additional capital, which cannot be assured. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates or other research and development initiatives. 
 
 Components of our results of operations 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from any sources, including from product sales, and we do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products in the foreseeable future. If our development efforts for our product candidates are successful and result in regulatory approval, or license agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue in the future from product sales. However, there can be no assurance as to when we will generate such revenue, if at all. 
 Operating expenses 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for our research activities, including our drug discovery efforts and the development of our product candidates. We expense research and development costs as incurred, which include: 
 expenses incurred to conduct the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials required to obtain regulatory approval; 
 expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations (CROs) that are primarily engaged in the oversight and conduct of our drug discovery efforts, preclinical studies, and clinical trials as well as under agreements with contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) that are primarily engaged to provide preclinical and clinical drug substance and product for our research and development programs; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 other costs related to the conduct of preclinical studies, clinical trials, and our drug discovery efforts, including acquiring and manufacturing materials, manufacturing validation batches, fees to investigative sites and consultants that conduct our clinical trials, preclinical studies and other scientific development support services; 
 payments made in cash or equity securities under third-party licensing, acquisition and option agreements; 
 employee-related expenses, including salaries and benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense for employees engaged in research and development functions; 
 costs related to compliance with regulatory requirements; and 
 allocated facilities-related costs, depreciation and other expenses, which include rent and utilities. 
 We recognize external development costs based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information provided to us by our service providers. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual costs. Any nonrefundable advance payments that we make for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses. Such amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the related services are performed, or until it is no longer expected that the goods will be delivered or the services rendered. 
 Our direct external research and development expenses consist primarily of external costs, such as fees paid to outside consultants, CROs, CMOs and research laboratories in connection with our preclinical development, process development, manufacturing and clinical development activities. Our direct research and development expenses also include fees incurred under license, acquisition and option agreements. We do not allocate employee costs, costs associated with our discovery efforts, laboratory supplies, and facilities, including depreciation or other indirect costs, to specific programs because these costs are deployed across multiple programs and, as such, are not separately classified. We use internal resources primarily to conduct our research and discovery as well as for managing our preclinical development, process development, manufacturing and clinical development activities. These employees work across multiple programs and, therefore, we do not track their costs by program. 
 Development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. As a result, we expect that our research and development expenses will increase substantially over the next several years as we continue our clinical development of BDTX-1535. In addition, we may incur additional expenses related to milestone and royalty payments payable to third parties with whom we may enter into license, acquisition and option agreements to acquire the rights to future product candidates. 
 At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the clinical development of any of our product candidates or when, if ever, material net cash inflows may commence from any of our product candidates. The successful development and commercialization of our product candidates is highly uncertain. This uncertainty is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and commercialization, including the uncertainty of the following: 
 the scope, progress, outcome and costs of our clinical trials and other development activities; 
 successful patient enrollment in and the initiation and completion of clinical trials; 
 the timing, receipt and terms of any marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and non-U.S. regulators; 
 the extent of any required post-marketing approval commitments to applicable regulatory authorities; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 establishing clinical and commercial manufacturing capabilities or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers in order to ensure that we or our third-party manufacturers are able to make product successfully; 
 development and timely delivery of clinical-grade and commercial-grade drug formulations that can be used in our clinical trials and for commercial launch; 
 obtaining, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
 significant and changing government regulation; 
 launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; and 
 maintaining a continued acceptable tolerability profile of our product candidates following approval, if any, of our product candidates. 
 Any changes in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of our product candidates could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of these product candidates. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to delay our planned start of clinical trials or require us to conduct clinical trials or other testing beyond those that we currently expect or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our planned clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development of that product candidate. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense for personnel in executive, business development, finance, human resources, legal, information technology, pre-commercial and support personnel functions. General and administrative expenses also include direct and allocated facility-related costs as well as insurance costs and professional fees for legal, patent, consulting, investor and public relations, accounting and audit services. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support continued development of our product candidates and prepare for potential commercialization activities. Additionally, if and when we believe a regulatory approval of a product candidate appears likely, we anticipate an increase in payroll and other employee-related expenses as a result of our preparation for commercial operations, especially as it relates to the sales and marketing of that product candidate. 
 Other income (expense) 
 Other income (expense) consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash equivalents and investment balances, sublease income, realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses, and gain (loss) on sale of IP related to equity method investment. 
 Equity in (losses) of unconsolidated entity 
 Equity in (losses) of unconsolidated entity consists of our share of equity method investee losses on the basis of our equity ownership percentage and IPR D charges resulting from basis differences. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Results of operations 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 (in thousands) Operating expenses: Research and development 12,914 16,154 (3,240) General and administrative 5,216 7,858 (2,642) Total operating expenses 18,130 24,012 (5,882) Loss from operations (18,130) (24,012) 5,882 Other income (expense): Interest income 516 439 77 Other (expense) income 2,057 566 1,491 Total other income (expense), net 2,573 1,005 1,568 Net loss (15,557) (23,007) 7,450 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses were 12.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 (in thousands) BDTX-1535 research and development expenses 6,372 5,988 384 BDTX-4933 research and development expenses 848 1,618 (770) Other research programs and platform development expenses 525 2,080 (1,555) Personnel expenses 4,001 4,773 (772) Allocated facility expenses 972 926 46 Other expenses 196 769 (573) 12,914 16,154 (3,240) 
 The decrease of 3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase of 0.4 million related to the progression of our clinical trial for BDTX-1535, offset by decreased spend relating to BDTX-4933 of 0.8 million as clinical startup and non-clinical activities completed as well as a decrease in other research programs and platform development of 1.6 million due to reduced spending on early discovery projects as we deepened our focus on our clinical-stage assets, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, personnel expenses decreased by 0.8 million as we continue to capitalize on workforce efficiencies and focus on our development programs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses were 5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 7.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily a result of a decrease in consulting and other professional fees. 
 Other income (expense) 
 Other income was 2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to accretion on investments increasing at a higher rate in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 (in thousands) Operating expenses: Research and development 39,015 44,061 (5,046) General and administrative 21,491 21,544 (53) Total operating expenses 60,506 65,605 (5,099) Loss from operations (60,506) (65,605) 5,099 Other income (expense): Interest income 1,617 1,600 17 Other (expense) income 5,198 971 4,227 Total other income (expense), net 6,815 2,571 4,244 Net loss (53,691) (63,034) 9,343 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses were 39.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 44.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 (in thousands) BDTX-1535 research and development expenses 17,349 13,149 4,200 BDTX-4933 research and development expenses 3,919 5,015 (1,096) Other research programs and platform development expenses 1,682 6,973 (5,291) Personnel expenses 12,675 14,552 (1,877) Allocated facility expenses 2,627 2,725 (98) Other expenses 763 1,647 (884) 39,015 44,061 (5,046) 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The decrease of 5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase of 4.2 million related to the progression of our clinical trial for BDTX-1535, offset by decreased spend relating to BDTX-4933 of 1.1 million as clinical startup and non-clinical activities completed as well as a decrease in other research programs and platform development of 5.3 million due to reduced spending on early discovery projects as we deepened our focus on our clinical-stage assets, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, personnel expenses decreased by 1.9 million as we continue to capitalize on workforce efficiencies and focus on our development programs. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses were 21.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 21.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily a result of an increase in consulting and other professional fees. 
 Other income (expense) 
 Other income was 6.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to accretion on investments increasing at a higher rate in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 Sources of liquidity 
 Since our inception, we have not generated any revenue from any product sales or any other sources and have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from our operations. We have not yet commercialized any of our product candidates, and we do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any product candidates for several years, if at all. We have funded our operations to date primarily with proceeds from the sale of our common and preferred stock. 
 On February 3, 2020, we completed an IPO of 12,174,263 shares of our common stock, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to 1,587,947 additional shares of our common stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of 231.3 million. We received 212.1 million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by us. Through September 30, 2024, we had received net cash proceeds of 200.6 million from previous sales of our preferred stock and as of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 112.7 million. 
 On November 14, 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the Shelf Registration Statement) with the SEC, which covers the offering, issuance and sale of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and/or units of any combination thereof up to a maximum price of 500 million. We simultaneously entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM (the Sales Agreement) with Jefferies LLC (Jefferies), as sales agent, to provide for the issuance and sale by us of up to 150 million of our common stock, or the Shares, from time to time through Jefferies as our sales agent (the ATM Program). The Shelf Registration Statement became effective on November 22, 2022. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Jefferies may sell the Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act. We may sell the Shares in amounts and at times to be determined by us from time to time subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, but we have no obligation to sell any Shares under the Sales Agreement. We or Jefferies may suspend or terminate the offering of Shares upon notice to the other party and subject to other conditions. As of September 30, 2024, we sold 4,490,853 shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM Program, resulting in gross proceeds to us of approximately 25.0 million 24.5 million net of offering costs). 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 On July 5, 2023, we completed an underwritten public offering (the Follow-on Offering) of 15,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 5.00 per share. The aggregate net proceeds from the Follow-on Offering totaled approximately 71.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, as well as other offering expenses. The underwriters did not exercise any portion of their 30-day overallotment option to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 shares of our common stock at the public offering price, which expired on July 29, 2023, and therefore no additional proceeds from the Follow-on Offering were received. 
 Cash flows 
 The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 
 2023 Cash used in operating activities (47,248) 
 (52,761) Cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (10,801) 
 4,097 Cash provided by financing activities 
 25,256 
 71,978 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (32,793) 
 23,314 
 Operating activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used cash in operating activities of 47.2 million, primarily resulting from our net loss of 53.7 million, partially offset by the non-cash charge related to stock compensation expense of 9.0 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we used cash in operating activities of 52.8 million, primarily resulting from our net loss of 63.0 million, partially offset by the non-cash charge related to stock compensation expense of 8.1 million. 
 Changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses in all periods were generally due to growth in our business, the advancement of our product candidates and the timing of vendor invoicing and payments. 
 Investing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had cash used in investing activities of 10.8 million primarily from the sales and maturities of investments, netted against our purchase of investments. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had cash provided by investing activities of 4.1 million primarily from the sales and maturities of investments, netted against our purchase of investments. 
 Financing activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had cash provided by financing activities of 25.3 million, consisting of proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM Program as well as exercises of stock options and participation in the employee stock purchase plan. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had cash provided by financing activities of 72.0 million consisting of proceeds from the participation in the employee stock purchase plan as well as the Follow-on Offering in July 2023. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Funding requirements 
 We expect our expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance clinical trials of BDTX-1535. In addition, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company, including significant legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses. The timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend largely on our ability to: 
 advance BDTX-1535 through clinical trials; 
 manufacture, or have manufactured on our behalf, our drug material and develop processes for late stage and commercial manufacturing; 
 seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 
 establish a sales, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on our own; and 
 obtain, maintain, expand, enforce and protect our intellectual property portfolio. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 112.7 million. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the second quarter of 2026. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect. We anticipate that we will require additional capital as we seek regulatory approval of our product candidates and if we choose to pursue in-licenses or acquisitions of other product candidates. If we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution, depending on where we choose to commercialize. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of product candidates, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to further reduce or terminate our operations. Our future funding requirements will depend on and could increase significantly as a result of many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of developing our product candidates, and conducting clinical trials; 
 the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 
 the costs, timing and ability to manufacture our product candidates to supply our clinical development efforts and our clinical trials; 
 the costs of future activities, including product sales, medical affairs, marketing, manufacturing and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 subject to receipt of regulatory approval, the costs of commercialization activities for our product candidates, to the extent such costs are not the responsibility of any future collaborators, including the costs and timing of establishing product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities; 
 the ability to receive additional non-dilutive funding; 
 the revenue, if any, received from commercial sale of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval; 
 the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, obtaining, maintaining, expanding and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 
 our ability to establish and maintain collaborations on favorable terms, if at all; 
 the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; and 
 the costs of operating as a public company. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue from product sales, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic partnerships and alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties or through other sources of financing. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. However, the trading prices for our common stock and for other biopharmaceutical companies have been highly volatile. As a result, we may face difficulties raising capital through sales of our common stock, and such sales may be on unfavorable terms. Similarly, adverse macroeconomic conditions and market volatility resulting from global economic developments, political unrest, high inflation, global health crises, or other factors could materially and adversely affect our ability to consummate an equity or debt financing on favorable terms or at all. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of private or public equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders may be materially diluted, and the terms of such securities could include liquidation or other preferences and anti-dilution protections that could adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, debt financing may involve significant cash payment obligations and specific financial ratios that may restrict our ability to operate our business would result in fixed payment obligations. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic partnerships and alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research, product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves, obtain capital through arrangements with collaborators on terms unfavorable to us or pursue merger or acquisition strategies, all of which could adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. 
 
 Contractual obligations and commitments 
 The following summarizes our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024: 
 Payments Due by Period 
 Less than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 3 to 5 Years More than 5 Years 
 Total (in thousands) 
 Property leases - commenced 
 4,447 9,260 8,987 4,465 27,159 Total 
 4,447 9,260 8,987 4,465 
 27,159 
 Property leases commenced 
 The amounts reported for property leases represent future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases in effect as of September 30, 2024. The minimum lease payments do not include common area maintenance charges or real estate taxes. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Other contractual obligations 
 The contractual obligations table does not include any potential future milestone payments or royalty payments we may be required to make under our existing license agreements due to the uncertainty of the occurrence of the events requiring payment under those agreements. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and significant judgments and use of estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Our critical accounting policies are described under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on March 12, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting policies from those previously disclosed. 
 
 Recently issued accounting pronouncements 
 A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Emerging growth company and smaller reporting company status 
 The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act) permits an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to not opt out of this provision and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards at the time private companies adopt the new or revised accounting standard and will do so until such time that we either (i) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million and our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 The information required with respect to this item can be found under Legal Proceedings in Note 11 to our condensed financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, the resolution of which we do not anticipate would have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties. Certain important factors may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations, and you should carefully consider them. Accordingly, in evaluating our business, we encourage you to carefully consider the discussion of risk factors in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results, in addition to other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Certain statements in this Quarterly Report are forward-looking statements. Please also see the section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds from IPO of Common Stock 
 On February 3, 2020, we completed the IPO of our common stock pursuant to which we issued and sold 12,174,263 shares of our common stock, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to 1,587,947 additional shares of common stock, at a public offering price of 19.00 per share. 
 The offer and sale of all of the shares of our common stock in our IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-235789), which was declared effective by the SEC on January 29, 2020. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC, Cowen and Company, LLC and Canaccord Genuity LLC acted as joint book-running managers of the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. 
 We received aggregate gross proceeds from our IPO of 231.3 million, or aggregate net proceeds of 212.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs. None of the underwriting discounts and commissions or offering expenses were incurred or paid, directly or indirectly, to any of our directors or officers or their associates or to persons owning 10 or more of our common stock or to any of our affiliates. 
 
 There has been no material change in our planned use of the net proceeds from the IPO as described in our final prospectus, filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act on January 30, 2020. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 10b5-1 Plans 
 From time to time, our officers (as defined in Rule 16a 1(f)) and directors may enter into Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as each such term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarterly period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Appointment of Principal Financial Officer 
 As previously disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2024, Erika Jones, our current Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, and Principal Accounting Officer, was appointed as Principal Financial Officer of the Company, effective October 7, 2024 (the Appointment). Ms. Jones will continue to serve as Principal Accounting Officer of the Company. 
 In connection with the Appointment, we entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement with Ms. Jones, effective as of October 30, 2024 (the Amendment), pursuant to which we amended certain provisions of the existing Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Ms. Jones, dated as of May 23, 2023 (as amended by the Amendment, the Amended Employment Agreement). Ms. Jones is employed at will. Ms. Jones current annual base salary is 360,000 and Ms. Jones is eligible for an annual performance-based incentive cash bonus in an amount up to 35 of Ms. Jones then-current base salary. In the event Ms. Jones employment is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to Ms. Jones (i) any salary earned through the date of termination, (ii) unpaid expense reimbursements and (iii) any vested benefits Ms. Jones may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company through the date of termination. 
 Under the terms of the Amended Employment Agreement, in the event Ms. Jones employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Ms. Jones for Good Reason outside of the Change in Control Period, in addition to any accrued obligation, subject to her signing and complying with a release agreement and the release agreement becoming irrevocable, Ms. Jones will be entitled to (i) receive a lump sum cash payment equal to 100 of Ms. Jones annual base salary then in effect, payable over a 12-month period following termination (ii) receive 100 of her target annual performance bonus for the then-current year, payable over a 12-month period following termination and (iii) receive up to 12 monthly payments equal to the monthly employer contribution the Company would have made to provide health insurance had Ms. Jones remained employed, paid to either the group health plan provider, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA) provider or directly to Ms. Jones. In the event Ms. Jones employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Ms. Jones for Good Reason within the Change in Control Period, in addition to any accrued obligation, subject to her signing and complying with a release agreement and the release agreement becoming irrevocable, Ms. Jones will be entitled to the same rights listed immediately above, except that any base salary and bonus-related payments will be paid in lump sum, and she will also be entitled to full acceleration of vesting of any of his unvested equity awards. The terms Cause, Good Reason and Change in Control Period are each defined in the Amended Employment Agreement. 
 The foregoing summary of the Amended Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference, are filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report. Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit Index 10.11 # Separation Agreement between the Registrant and Fang Ni, dated October 7, 2024. 
 10.12 # Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Erika Jones, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Erika Jones , dated October 30, 2024. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 + Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101.) 

Filed herewith. 
 + 
 This certification will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent specifically incorporated by reference into such filing. # Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 

Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Mark A. Velleca 

Mark A. Velleca 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 

Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Erika Jones 

Erika Jones 
 Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

38 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 separationagreement-ni.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

October 4, 2024 
 Fang Z. Ni, Pharm.D. 
 
 Re Notice of Termination and Separation Agreement 
 Dear Fang 
 Pursuant to Section 4 of the Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement between you and Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), this letter will serve as notice of termination of your employment, effective October 7, 2024 (the Separation Date ). Your employment is being terminated pursuant to Section 3(d) of the Employment Agreement (termination by the Company without Cause). 
 This letter also sets forth the terms of a Separation Agreement and Release (the Agreement ), as that term is defined in the Employment Agreement. In the interest of clarity, the following terms and conditions shall apply regardless of whether you elect to accept or reject the Agreement 
 the Company will, if it has not already done so, pay you any Accrued Obligations, as that term is defined in the Employment Agreement 
 the Company will provide you with the right to continue group health plan coverage after the termination of your employment under the law known as COBRA, which will be described in a separate written notice 
 your eligibility to participate in any other employee benefit plans and programs of the Company will cease on or after the Separation Date in accordance with the applicable benefit plan or program terms and practices 
 the equity awards held by you shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s applicable equity incentive plan(s) and the applicable award agreement(s) governing the terms of such equity awards (collectively, the Equity Documents and 
 your obligations under your Employee Confidentiality, Assignment, Nonsolicitation and Noncompetition Agreement with the Company (the Restrictive Covenants Agreement remain in full force provided, however, the Company hereby agrees to waive the post-employment noncompetition restriction contained in Section 8(c) of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement. The remaining post-termination obligations in the Restrictive Covenants Agreement and any other confidentiality, assignment of inventions, and restrictive covenants agreement that you entered into with the Company or its affiliates or any other policies and agreements with continuing obligations (collectively, the Continuing Obligations will survive in accordance with their terms. 
 In addition to the above described non-contingent terms, if you enter into and comply with the below Agreement, you will be entitled to the severance pay and other benefits described in Section 2. The remainder of this letter sets forth the Agreement. 
 With those understandings, you and the Company agree as follows 
 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. One Main Street 14 th Floor Cambridge, MA 02142 

1. Separation Date. 
 Your employment with the Company will end on the Separation Date. Subject to Section 1(b) of the Employment Agreement, you will, automatically and without further action by any person, be deemed to have resigned from all officer positions that you hold with the Company or any of its respective subsidiaries and affiliates and from all director (or the equivalent) positions that you hold with the Company or any of its respective subsidiaries and affiliates, in each case, effective on the Separation Date. Pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Employment Agreement, you agree to execute any documents in reasonable form as may be requested to confirm or effectuate any such resignations. 
 2. Severance Pay and Advisory Period 
 If you enter into and comply with this Agreement, then the Company will provide you with the below payments and benefits. 
 (a) The Company shall pay you an amount equal to the sum of (A) 12 months of your Base Salary, as that term is defined in the Employment Agreement, plus (B) your Target Bonus for the 2024 fiscal year (the Severance Amount ). The Severance Amount shall be paid out in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practice over 12 months commencing within 60 days after the Separation Date provided, that the initial payment shall include a catch-up payment to cover amounts retroactive to the day immediately following the Separation Date. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
 (b) Subject to your copayment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate and your proper election to receive benefits under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), the Company shall pay to the group health plan provider, the COBRA provider or to you a monthly payment equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to you if you had remained employed by the Company until the earliest of (A) the 12 month anniversary of the Separation Date (B) your eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan or (C) the cessation of your continuation rights under COBRA provided, however, if the Company determines that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider or the COBRA provider (if applicable) without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company shall convert such payments to payroll payments directly to you for the time period specified above. Such payments shall be subject to tax-related deductions and withholdings and paid on the Company s regular payroll dates. 
 (c) Immediately following the Separation Date, you will become an advisor to the Company and be reasonably available to provide advisory services to the Company on an as-needed basis as requested by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Advisory Services for three (3) months from the Separation Date (the Advisory Period ). The terms and conditions of your advisory relationship with the Company are set forth in the advisory agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A . You will be reimbursed for all reasonable expenses that you incur in performing any requested Advisory Services, subject to you providing documentation of such expenses and 
 2 

consistent with Company policy. There will be no break in your service relationship with the Company between the Separation Date and the first day of the Advisory Period for purposes of continued vesting in your outstanding stock options and any other equity awards (other than such awards that, per the terms of the Equity Documents, terminated on the Separation Date). You will continue to vest in your outstanding stock options and other equity awards during the Advisory Period and will cease vesting on the last day of the Advisory Period, subject to the terms of the Equity Documents. 
 3. Return of Property 
 On the Separation Date, you agree to return to the Company all Company property, including, without limitation, computer equipment, laptops, monitors, software, keys and access cards, credit cards, files and any documents (including, without limitation, computerized data and any copies made of any computerized data or software) containing information concerning the Company or any of its affiliates or its businesses or its business relationships. After you return all such property, you commit to deleting and finally purging any duplicates of files or documents that may contain Company information from any non-Company computer or other device that remains your property after the Separation Date. In the event that you discover that you continue to retain any such property, you shall return it to the Company immediately. 
 4. Continuing Obligations and Confidential Information 
 You hereby acknowledge and reaffirm your Continuing Obligations to the Company and its affiliates. You further understand and agree that you have been employed in a position of confidence and trust and have had access to information concerning the Company and its affiliates that the Company treats as confidential and the disclosure of which could negatively affect the Company s interests Confidential Information ). Confidential Information includes, without limitation, confidential financial information business forecasts inventions improvements and other intellectual property trade secrets know-how designs, processes or formulae confidential software marketing or sales information or plans customer lists and business plans, prospects and opportunities. You agree that you shall not use or disclose any Confidential Information at any time without the written consent of the Company. This provision is meant to supplement your Continuing Obligations to the Company and in no way limits those obligations. 
 5. Release of Claims 
 In consideration for, among other terms, the Severance Pay and other benefits, to which you acknowledge you would otherwise not be entitled, you voluntarily release and forever discharge the Company, its affiliated and related entities, their respective predecessors, successors and assigns, their respective employee benefit plans and fiduciaries of such plans, and the current and former officers, directors, equity holders, employees, attorneys, accountants, and agents of each of the foregoing in their official and personal capacities (collectively referred to as the Releasees generally from all claims, demands, debts, damages and liabilities of every name and nature known and unknown Claims that, as of the date when you sign this Agreement, you have, ever had, now claim to have or ever claimed to have had against any or all of the Releasees. This release includes, without limitation, all Claims 
 3 

relating to your employment by and termination of employment with the Company 
 of wrongful discharge or violation of public policy 
 of breach of contract 
 of defamation or other torts 
 of retaliation or discrimination under federal, state or local law (including, without limitation, Claims of discrimination or retaliation under the Americans with Disabilities Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, M.G.L. c. 151B, and The Massachusetts Civil Rights Act 
 under any other federal or state statute (including, without limitation, Claims under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or the Fair Labor Standards Act) 
 for wages, bonuses, incentive compensation, stock, stock options, vacation pay or any other compensation or benefits, either under the Massachusetts Wage Act, M.G.L. c. 149, 148-150C, or otherwise and 
 for damages or other remedies of any sort, including, without limitation, compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief and attorney s fees 
 provided, however, that this release shall not affect your rights under this Agreement. 
 You agree not to accept damages of any nature, other equitable or legal remedies for your own benefit or attorney s fees or costs from any of the Releasees with respect to any Claim released by this Agreement. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement, you represent that you have not assigned any Claim to any third party. You acknowledge that as of the Company s most recent payroll payment of salary or wages to you, you were fully paid for all salary and wages then due to you, and that, except as set forth in this Agreement, you are not eligible for any further compensation from the Company. 
 This Agreement is intended to be effective as a general release of and bar to all Claims, including, without limitation, unknown Claims. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this release shall not include any rights to indemnification or coverage under directors and officers or similar liability insurance policies for claims made against you arising out of your employment with the Company. 
 6. Non-Disparagement 
 Subject to Section 7 of this Agreement, you agree not to make any disparaging, critical or detrimental statements (whether written, oral, through social or electronic media or otherwise) concerning the Company, the Releasees or any of its or their products or services provided or to be provided. The Company agrees to instruct its officers and directors not to make any disparaging, critical or detrimental statements (whether written, oral, through social or electronic media or otherwise) about you. 
 7. Protected Disclosures and Other Protected Actions 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement, any other agreement with the Company, or any Company policy limits your ability, with or without notice to the Company, to (i) file a charge or complaint with any federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (a Government Agency ), including without limitation, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board or the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC (ii) communicate with any 
 4 

Government Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including by providing non-privileged documents or information (iii) exercise any rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, which are available to non-supervisory employees, including assisting co-workers with or discussing any employment issue as part of engaging in concerted activities for the purpose of mutual aid or protection (iv) discuss or disclose information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful or (v) testify truthfully in a legal proceeding. Any such communications and disclosures must not violate applicable law and the information disclosed must not have been obtained through a communication that was subject to the attorney-client privilege (unless disclosure of that information would otherwise be permitted consistent with such privilege or applicable law). If a Government Agency or any other third party pursues any claim on your behalf, you waive any right to monetary or other individualized relief (either individually or as part of any collective or class action), but the Company will not limit any right you may have to receive an award pursuant to the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law or regulation for providing information to the SEC or any other Government Agency. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law or under this Agreement or any other agreement for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 8. Other Provisions 
 (a) Termination of Payments . If you breach any of your obligations under this Agreement or any Continuing Obligations, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies it may have for such breach, the Company shall have the right to terminate its payments to you or for your benefit under this Agreement. The termination of such payments in the event of your breach will not affect your continuing obligations under this Agreement. 
 (b) Absence of Reliance . In signing this Agreement, you are not relying upon any promises or representations made by anyone at or on behalf of the Company. 
 (c) Non-Admission . You understand that the Company is not admitting in any way that it violated any legal obligation that it owed to you. The payment of the Severance Pay and other benefits pursuant to this Agreement will not be deemed an admission of liability or wrongdoing by the Company. 
 (d) Enforceability . If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 5 

(e) Waiver . No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of a party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by a party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach. 
 (f) Governing Law Interpretation . This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to conflict of law principles. You and the Company hereby agree that the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to consider any matters related to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any claim of a violation of this Agreement. In the event of any dispute, this Agreement is intended by the parties to be construed as a whole, to be interpreted in accordance with its fair meaning, and not to be construed strictly for or against either you or the Company or the drafter of all or any portion of this Agreement. 
 (g) Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company. This Agreement supersedes any previous agreements or understandings between you and the Company, except the Continuing Obligations (as modified by the Noncompete Waiver) and the Equity Documents, and any other obligations specifically preserved in this Agreement. 
 (h) Time for Consideration Effective Date . You acknowledge that you have knowingly and voluntarily entered into this Agreement and that the Company advises you to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement. You understand and acknowledge that you have been given the opportunity to consider this Agreement for ten (10) days from your receipt of this Agreement before signing it (the Consideration Period ). To accept this Agreement, you must return a signed original or a signed PDF copy of this Agreement so that it is received by the Company at or before the expiration of the Consideration Period. If you sign this Agreement before the end of the Consideration Period, you acknowledge that such decision was entirely voluntary and that you had the opportunity to consider this Agreement for the entire Consideration Period. This Agreement shall become effective on the day you sign it (the Effective Date ). 
 (i) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed and delivered in separate counterparts, including, without limitation, by facsimile or other electronic means. When both counterparts are signed, they shall each constitute an original and be treated together as one and the same document. 
 Signature page follows 
 
 6 

Please indicate your agreement to the terms of this Agreement by signing and returning to the undersigned the original or a PDF copy of this letter within the time period set forth above. 
 Sincerely, 
 Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc 
 Its Authorized Representative 
 
 By _ s Brent Hatzis-Schoch____________ 
 Title COO & GC____________________ 
 
 You are advised to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement. This is a legal document. Your signature will commit you to its terms. By signing below, you acknowledge that you have carefully read and fully understand all of the provisions of this Agreement and that you are knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 
 
 _ s Fang Z. Ni___ ____________________ 
 Fang Z. Ni, Pharm.D. 

Enclosure Exhibit A Advisory Agreement 
 
 7 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 employmentagreement-jones.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement Agreement is made between Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Erika Jones (the Executive and is effective as of May 23, 2023 (the Effective Date ). This Agreement supersedes in all respects all prior agreements between the Executive and the Company regarding the subject matter herein, including without limitation the offer letter between the Executive and the Company dated October 6, 2019 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ the Executive and the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Employment . 
 (1) Term . The Company shall continue to employ the Executive and the Executive shall be employed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement commencing as of the Effective Date and continuing until such employment is terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof (the Term ). The Executive s employment with the Company will be at will, meaning that the Executive s employment may be terminated by the Company or the Executive at any time and for any reason subject to the terms of this Agreement. 
 (2) Position and Duties . The Executive shall serve as the Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller of the Company, and shall have such powers and duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the CEO or other duly authorized executive. The Executive shall devote the Executive s full working time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may serve on other boards of directors, with the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), or engage in religious, charitable or other community activities as long as such services and activities are disclosed to the Board and do not interfere with the Executive s performance of the Executive s duties to the Company. To the extent applicable, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all officer and board member positions that the Executive holds with the Company or any of its respective subsidiaries and affiliates upon the termination of the Executive s employment for any reason. The Executive shall execute any documents in reasonable form as may be requested to confirm or effectuate any such resignations. 
 2. Compensation and Related Matters . 
 (1) Base Salary . The Executive s base salary shall be paid at the rate of 315,700 per year. The Executive s base salary shall be subject to periodic review by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ). The base salary in effect at any given time is referred to herein as Base Salary. The Base Salary shall be 
 1 

payable in a manner that is consistent with the Company s usual payroll practices for executive officers. 
 (2) Incentive Compensation . The Executive shall be eligible to receive cash incentive compensation as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee from time to time. The Executive s target annual incentive compensation shall be 30 percent of the Executive s Base Salary. The target annual incentive compensation in effect at any given time is referred to herein as Target Bonus. The actual amount of the Executive s annual incentive compensation, if any, shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee, subject to the terms of any applicable incentive compensation plan that may be in effect from time to time. Except as otherwise provided herein, to earn incentive compensation, the Executive must be employed by the Company on the day such incentive compensation is paid. 
 (3) Expenses . The Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive during the Term in performing services hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its executive officers. 
 (4) Other Benefits . The Executive shall be eligible to participate in or receive benefits under the Company s employee benefit plans in effect from time to time, subject to the terms of such plans. 
 (5) Paid Time Off . The Executive shall be entitled to take paid time off in accordance with the Company s applicable paid time off policy for executives, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 3. Termination . The Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated without any breach of this Agreement under the following circumstances 
 (1) Death . The Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate upon death. 
 (2) Disability . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment if the Executive is disabled and unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive s then existing position or positions under this Agreement with or without reasonable accommodation for a period of 180 days (which need not be consecutive) in any 12-month period. If any question shall arise as to whether during any period the Executive is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive s then existing position or positions with or without reasonable accommodation, the Executive may, and at the request of the Company shall, submit to the Company a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Company to whom the Executive or the Executive s guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether the Executive is so disabled or how long such disability is expected to continue, and such certification shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue. The Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such certification. If such question shall arise and the Executive shall fail to submit such certification, 
 2 

the Company s determination of such issue shall be binding on the Executive. Nothing in this Section 3(b) shall be construed to waive the Executive s rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. 
 (3) Termination by Company for Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following 
 (1) the willful failure, disregard or refusal by the Executive to perform the Executive s material duties or obligations under this Agreement which, to the extent it is curable by the Executive, is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is given to the Executive by the Company 
 (2) any willful, intentional or grossly negligent act by the Executive having the effect of materially injuring (whether financially or otherwise) the business or reputation of the Company or any of its affiliates, including but not limited to, any senior officer, director or executive of the Company or any of its affiliates 
 (3) willful misconduct by the Executive with respect to any of the material duties or obligations of the Executive under this Agreement, including, without limitation, willful insubordination with respect to lawful directions received by the Executive from the Board which, to the extent it is curable by the Executive, is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is given to the Executive by the Company 
 (4) the commission by the Executive of acts satisfying the elements of (A) any felony or (B) a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud 
 (5) the determination, after a reasonable and good-faith investigation by the Company, that the Executive engaged in some form of harassment or discrimination prohibited by law (including, without limitation, age, sex or race harassment or discrimination) 
 (6) the Executive s material misappropriation or embezzlement of the property of the Company or its affiliates (whether or not a misdemeanor or felony) 
 (7) material breach by the Executive of any of the provisions of this Agreement, of any Company policy, and or of the Executive s Restrictive Covenants Agreement (as defined below) or 
 (8) the Executive s failure to cooperate with a bona fide internal investigation or an investigation by regulatory or law enforcement authorities, after being instructed by the Company to cooperate, or the willful destruction or failure to preserve documents or other materials known to be relevant to such investigation or the 
 3 

inducement of others to fail to cooperate or to produce documents or other materials in connection with such investigation. 
 (4) Termination by the Company without Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder at any time without Cause. Any termination by the Company of the Executive s employment under this Agreement which does not constitute a termination for Cause under Section 3(c) and does not result from the death or disability of the Executive under Section 3(a) or (b) shall be deemed a termination without Cause. 
 (5) Termination by the Executive . The Executive may terminate employment hereunder at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean that the Executive has completed all steps of the Good Reason Process (hereinafter defined) following the occurrence of any of the following events without the Executive s consent (each, a Good Reason Condition 
 (1) a material adverse change in Executive s duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting chain relative to Executive s duties, authority, or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such change 
 (2) a material diminution in the Executive s Base Salary except for across-the-board salary reductions based on the Company s financial performance similarly affecting all or substantially all senior management employees of the Company 
 (3) a material change in the geographic location at which the Executive provides services to the Company, such that there is an increase of at least thirty (30) miles of driving distance to such location from the Executive s principal residence as of such change or 
 (4) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company. 
 The Good Reason Process consists of the following steps 
 (1) the Executive reasonably determines in good faith that a Good Reason Condition has occurred 
 (2) the Executive notifies the Company in writing of the first occurrence of the Good Reason Condition within 60 days of the first occurrence of such condition 
 (3) the Executive cooperates in good faith with the Company s efforts, for a period of not less than 30 days following such notice (the Cure Period ), to remedy the Good Reason Condition 
 (4) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason Condition continues to exist and 
 4 

(5) the Executive terminates employment within 60 days after the end of the Cure Period. 
 If the Company cures the Good Reason Condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
 If the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to the Executive (or to the Executive s authorized representative or estate) (i) any Base Salary earned through the Date of Termination (ii) unpaid expense reimbursements (subject to, and in accordance with, Section 2(c) of this Agreement) and (iii) any vested benefits the Executive may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company through the Date of Termination, which vested benefits shall be paid and or provided in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plans (collectively, the Accrued Obligations ). 
 4. Notice and Date of Termination . 
 (1) Notice of Termination . Except for termination as specified in Section 3(a), any termination of the Executive s employment by the Company or any such termination by the Executive shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon. 
 (2) Date of Termination . Date of Termination shall mean (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by death, the date of death (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated on account of disability under Section 3(b) or by the Company for Cause under Section 3(c), the date on which Notice of Termination is given (iii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause under Section 3(d), the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or the date otherwise specified by the Company in the Notice of Termination (iv) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive under Section 3(e) other than for Good Reason, 30 days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is given, and (v) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive under Section 3(e) for Good Reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given after the end of the Cure Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Executive gives a Notice of Termination to the Company, the Company may unilaterally accelerate the Date of Termination and such acceleration shall not result in a termination by the Company for purposes of this Agreement. 
 5. Severance Pay and Benefits Upon Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason Outside the Change in Control Period . If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d), or the Executive terminates employment for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e), each outside of the Change in Control Period (as defined below), then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to (i) the Executive signing a separation agreement and release in a form and manner satisfactory to the Company, which shall include, without limitation, a general release of claims against the Company and all related persons and entities, a reaffirmation of all of the Executive s Continuing Obligations (as defined below), and, in the Company s sole discretion, a one-year 
 5 

post-employment noncompetition agreement, and shall provide that if the Executive breaches any of the Continuing Obligations, all payments of the Severance Amount shall immediately cease (the Separation Agreement and Release ), and (ii) the Separation Agreement and Release becoming irrevocable, all within 60 days after the Date of Termination (or such shorter period as set forth in the Separation Agreement and Release), which shall include a seven (7) business day revocation period 
 (1) the Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to 6 months of the Executive s Base Salary (the Severance Amount provided in the event the Executive is entitled to any payments pursuant to the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Severance Amount received in any calendar year will be reduced by the amount the Executive is paid in the same such calendar year pursuant to the Restrictive Covenants Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants Agreement Setoff and 
 (2) subject to the Executive s copayment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate and the Executive s proper election to receive benefits under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), the Company shall pay to the group health plan provider, the COBRA provider or the Executive a monthly payment equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to the Executive if the Executive had remained employed by the Company until the earliest of (A) the 6 month anniversary of the Date of Termination (B) the Executive s eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan or (C) the cessation of the Executive s continuation rights under COBRA provided, however, if the Company determines that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider or the COBRA provider (if applicable) without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company shall convert such payments to payroll payments directly to the Executive for the time period specified above. Such payments shall be subject to tax-related deductions and withholdings and paid on the Company s regular payroll dates. 
 The amounts payable under Section 5, to the extent taxable, shall be paid out in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practice over 6 months commencing within 60 days after the Date of Termination provided, however, that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the Severance Amount, to the extent it qualifies as non-qualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), shall begin to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period provided, further, that the initial payment shall include a catch-up payment to cover amounts retroactive to the day immediately following the Date of Termination. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
 6. Severance Pay and Benefits Upon Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason within the Change in Control Period . The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply in lieu of, and expressly supersede, the provisions of Section 5 if (i) the Executive s employment is terminated either (a) by the Company without Cause as provided in 
 6 

Section 3(d), or (b) by the Executive for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e), and (ii) the Date of Termination is within 12 months after the occurrence of the first event constituting a Change in Control (such period, the Change in Control Period ). These provisions shall terminate and be of no further force or effect after a Change in Control Period. 
 (1) If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d) or the Executive terminates employment for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e) and in each case the Date of Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period, then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to the signing of the Separation Agreement and Release by the Executive and the Separation Agreement and Release becoming fully effective, all within the time frame set forth in the Separation Agreement and Release but in no event more than 60 days after the Date of Termination 
 (1) the Company shall pay the Executive a lump sum in cash in an amount equal to 0.5 times the Executive s then current Base Salary (or the Executive s Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, if higher) (the Change in Control Payment provided the Change in Control Payment shall be reduced by the amount of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement Setoff, if applicable, paid or to be paid in the same calendar year and 
 (2) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any applicable option agreement or other stock-based award agreement, all stock options and other stock-based awards held by the Executive (the Equity Awards shall immediately accelerate and become fully exercisable or nonforfeitable as of the later of (i) the Date of Termination or (ii) the effective date of the Separation Agreement and Release (the Accelerated Vesting Date provided that any termination or forfeiture of the unvested portion of such Equity Awards that would otherwise occur on the Date of Termination in the absence of this Agreement will be delayed until the effective date of the Separation Agreement and Release and will only occur if the vesting pursuant to this subsection does not occur due to the absence of the Separation Agreement and Release becoming fully effective within the time period set forth therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no additional vesting of the Equity Awards shall occur during the period between the Executive s Date of Termination and the Accelerated Vesting Date and 
 (3) subject to the Executive s copayment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate and the Executive s proper election to receive benefits under COBRA, the Company shall pay to the group health plan provider, the COBRA provider or the Executive a monthly payment equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to the Executive if the Executive had remained employed by the Company until the earliest of (A) the 6 month anniversary of the Date of Termination (B) the Executive s eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan or (C) the cessation of the Executive s continuation rights under COBRA provided, however, if the Company determines that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider or the COBRA provider (if applicable) without potentially violating applicable law (including, 
 7 

without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company shall convert such payments to payroll payments directly to the Executive for the time period specified above. Such payments shall be subject to tax-related deductions and withholdings and paid on the Company s regular payroll dates. 
 The amounts payable under this Section 6(a), to the extent taxable, shall be paid or commence to be paid within 60 days after the Date of Termination provided, however, that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, such payments to the extent they qualify as non-qualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, shall be paid or commence to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period. 
 (2) Additional Limitation . 
 (1) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the Code, and the applicable regulations thereunder (the Aggregate Payments ), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the Aggregate Payments shall be 1.00 less than the amount at which the Executive becomes subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in the Executive receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than the Executive would receive if the Aggregate Payments were not subject to such reduction. In such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from consummation of the transaction that is subject to Section 280G of the Code (1) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code (2) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code (3) equity-based payments and acceleration and (4) non-cash forms of benefits provided that in the case of all the foregoing Aggregate Payments all amounts or payments that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c) shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c). 
 (2) For purposes of this Section 6(b), the After Tax Amount means the amount of the Aggregate Payments less all federal, state, and local income, excise and employment taxes imposed on the Executive as a result of the Executive s receipt of the Aggregate Payments. For purposes of determining the After Tax Amount, the Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual taxation in each applicable state and locality, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. 
 8 

(3) The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 6(b)(i) shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm ), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Executive within 15 business days of the Date of Termination, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably requested by the Company or the Executive. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Executive. 
 (3) Definitions . For purposes of this Section 6, a Change in Control shall mean a Sale Event as defined in the Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time, but only to the extent such Sale Event is also a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 7. Section 409A . 
 (1) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of the Executive s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Company determines that the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that the Executive becomes entitled to under this Agreement or otherwise on account of the Executive s separation from service would be considered deferred compensation otherwise subject to the 20 percent additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment shall not be payable and such benefit shall not be provided until the date that is the earlier of (A) six months and one day after the Executive s separation from service, or (B) the Executive s death. If any such delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in accordance with their original schedule. 
 (2) All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company or incurred by the Executive during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses). Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 (3) To the extent that any payment or benefit described in this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that such payment or benefit is payable upon the Executive s termination of employment, then such payments or benefits shall be payable only upon the Executive s separation from 
 9 

service. The determination of whether and when a separation from service has occurred shall be made in accordance with the presumptions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). 
 (4) The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement or the Restrictive Covenants Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). The parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party. 
 (5) The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to the Executive or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the conditions of, such Section. 
 8. Continuing Obligations . 
 (1) Restrictive Covenants Agreement . As a condition of employment, the Executive entered into an Employee Confidentiality, Assignment, Nonsolicitation and Noncompetition Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants Agreement ). For purposes of this Agreement, the obligations in this Section 8 and those that arise in the Restrictive Covenants Agreement and any other agreement relating to confidentiality, assignment of inventions, or other restrictive covenants shall collectively be referred to as the Continuing Obligations. 
 (2) Third-Party Agreements and Rights . The Executive hereby confirms that the Executive is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party which restricts in any way the Executive s use or disclosure of information, other than confidentiality restrictions (if any), or the Executive s engagement in any business. The Executive represents to the Company that the Executive s execution of this Agreement, the Executive s employment with the Company and the performance of the Executive s proposed duties for the Company will not violate any obligations the Executive may have to any such previous employer or other party. In the Executive s work for the Company, the Executive will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of any agreements with or rights of any such previous employer or other party, and the Executive will not bring to the premises of the Company any copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public information belonging to or obtained from any such previous employment or other party. 
 (3) Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation . During and after the Executive s employment, the Executive shall cooperate fully with the Company in (i) the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company, and (ii) the investigation, whether internal or 
 10 

external, of any matters about which the Company believes the Executive may have knowledge or information. The Executive s full cooperation in connection with such claims, actions or investigations shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to answer questions or to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times. During and after the Executive s employment, the Executive also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Company. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Executive s performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 8(c). 
 (4) Relief . The Executive agrees that it would be difficult to measure any damages caused to the Company which might result from any breach by the Executive of the Continuing Obligations, and that in any event money damages would be an inadequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly , the Executive agrees that if the Executive breaches, or proposes to breach, any portion of the Continuing Obligations, the Company shall be entitled, in addition to all other remedies that it may have, to an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief to restrain any such breach without showing or proving any actual damage to the Company. 
 (5) Protected Disclosures and Other Protected Action . Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit the Executive from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or other governmental entity (a Government Agency concerning any act or omission that the Executive reasonably believes constitutes a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected under the anti-retaliation or whistleblower provisions of applicable federal or state law or regulation. In addition, nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executive s ability to communicate with any Government Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including the Executive s ability to provide documents or other information, without notice to the Company. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law or under this Agreement or the Restrictive Covenants Agreement for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 9. Consent to Jurisdiction . The parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, the Executive (a) submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts (b) consents to service of process and (c) waives any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process. 
 11 

10. Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter, including the Prior Agreement. 
 11. Withholding Tax Effect . All payments made by the Company to the Executive under this Agreement shall be net of any tax or other amounts required to be withheld by the Company under applicable law. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require the Company to make any payments to compensate the Executive for any adverse tax effect associated with any payments or benefits or for any deduction or withholding from any payment or benefit. 
 12. Assignment . Neither the Executive nor the Company may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest in it, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other provided, however, that the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including the Restrictive Covenants Agreement) without the Executive s consent to any affiliate or to any person or entity with whom the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into or to whom it transfers all or substantially all of its properties or assets provided further that if the Executive remains employed or becomes employed by the Company, the purchaser or any of their affiliates in connection with any such transaction, then the Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits or vesting pursuant to Section 5 or pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement solely as a result of such transaction. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Executive and the Company, and each of the Executive s and the Company s respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns. The Company shall obtain an agreement from any successor to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such assumption occurs by operation of law. 
 13. Enforceability . If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 14. Survival . The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and or the termination of the Executive s employment to the extent necessary to effectuate the terms contained herein. 
 15. Waiver . No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach. 
 12 

16. Notices . Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Executive at the last address the Executive has filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of the Company, at its main offices, attention of the Board. 
 17. Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. 
 18. Effect on Other Plans and Agreements . An election by the Executive to resign for Good Reason under the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a voluntary termination of employment by the Executive for the purpose of interpreting the provisions of any of the Company's benefit plans, programs or policies. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the rights of the Executive under the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies except as otherwise provided in Section 8 hereof, and except that the Executive shall have no rights to any severance benefits under any Company severance pay plan, offer letter or otherwise. Except for the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, in the event that the Executive is party to an agreement with the Company providing for payments or benefits under such plan or agreement and under this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and the Executive may receive payment under this Agreement only and not both. Further, Section 5 and Section 6 of this Agreement are mutually exclusive and in no event shall the Executive be entitled to payments or benefits pursuant to both Section 5 and Section 6 of this Agreement. 
 19. Governing Law . This is a Massachusetts contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. With respect to any disputes concerning federal law, such disputes shall be determined in accordance with the law as it would be interpreted and applied by the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. 
 20. Conditions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the effectiveness of this Agreement shall be conditioned on (i) the Executive s satisfactory completion of reference and background checks, if so requested by the Company, and (ii) the Executive s submission of satisfactory proof of the Executive s legal authorization to work in the United States. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document. 
 13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective on the Effective Date. 
 BLACK DIAMOND THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 By s Brent Hatzis-Schoch_______ 
 Its COO & GC 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 s Erika Jones 
 Erika Jones 
 14 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This First Amendment to Employment Agreement (this Amendment is made effective as of October 30, 2024 (the Amendment Effective Date ), by and between Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Erika Jones (the Executive ). 
 
 WITNESSETH 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive are parties to an Employment Agreement dated as of May 23, 2023 (the Employment Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive wish to amend certain provisions of the Employment Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. The first sentence of Section 1(b) of the Employment Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 The Executive shall serve as the Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller of the Company, and shall have such powers and duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the CEO or other duly authorized executive. 
 2. Section 5(a) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (a) the Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal to the sum of (A) 12 months of the Executive s Base Salary plus (B) the Executive s Target Bonus for the then-current year (the Severance Amount provided in the event the Executive is entitled to any payments pursuant to the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the Severance Amount received in any calendar year will be reduced by the amount the Executive is paid in the same such calendar year pursuant to the Restrictive Covenants Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants Agreement Setoff 
 3. Section 5(b) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (b) subject to the Executive s copayment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate and the Executive s proper election to receive 
 15 

benefits under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), the Company shall pay to the group health plan provider, the COBRA provider or the Executive a monthly payment equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to the Executive if the Executive had remained employed by the Company until the earliest of (A) the 12 month anniversary of the Date of Termination (B) the Executive s eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan or (C) the cessation of the Executive s continuation rights under COBRA provided, however, if the Company determines that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider or the COBRA provider (if applicable) without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company shall convert such payments to payroll payments directly to the Executive for the time period specified above. Such payments shall be subject to tax-related deductions and withholdings and paid on the Company s regular payroll dates. 
 
 The amounts payable under Section 5, to the extent taxable, shall be paid out in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practice over 12 months commencing within 60 days after the Date of Termination provided, however, that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the Severance Amount, to the extent it qualifies as non-qualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), shall begin to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period provided, further, that the initial payment shall include a catch-up payment to cover amounts retroactive to the day immediately following the Date of Termination. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
 
 4. Section 6(a)(i) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (i) the Company shall pay the Executive a lump sum in cash in an amount equal to 1.0 times the sum of (A) the Executive s then current Base Salary (or the Executive s Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, if higher) plus (B) the Executive s Target Bonus for the then-current year (the Change in Control Payment provided the Change in Control Payment shall be reduced by the amount of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement Setoff, if applicable, paid or to be paid in the same calendar year and 
 5. Section 6(a)(iii) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 16 

(iii) subject to the Executive s copayment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate and the Executive s proper election to receive benefits under COBRA, the Company shall pay to the group health plan provider, the COBRA provider or the Executive a monthly payment equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to the Executive if the Executive had remained employed by the Company until the earliest of (A) the 12 month anniversary of the Date of Termination (B) the Executive s eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan or (C) the cessation of the Executive s continuation rights under COBRA provided, however, if the Company determines that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider or the COBRA provider (if applicable) without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company shall convert such payments to payroll payments directly to the Executive for the time period specified above. Such payments shall be subject to tax-related deductions and withholdings and paid on the Company s regular payroll dates. 
 6. Section 8(e) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (e) Protected Disclosures and Other Protected Activities . Nothing contained in this Agreement, any other agreement with the Company, or any Company policy or practice limits Executive s ability to (i) file a charge or complaint with any federal, state or local governmental agency or commission, including without limitation the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board or the Securities and Exchange Commission (a Government Agency (ii) communicate with any Government Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency (iii) refuse to engage in unlawful activity without being subjected to retaliation (iv) exercise any rights Executive may have under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, including any rights Executive may have under such provision to assist co-workers with or discuss any employment issue, dispute or term or condition of employment as part of engaging in concerted activities for the purpose of mutual aid or protection (v) discuss or disclose information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful or (vi) testify truthfully in a legal proceeding, in any event with or without notice to or approval of the Company so long as such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law and the information disclosure was not obtained through a communication that was subject to the attorney-client privilege (unless disclosure of that information would otherwise be permitted consistent with such privilege). The Company will not limit any right Executive may have to receive an award by an order of a Government Agency pursuant to the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law or regulation for providing 
 17 

information to the SEC or any other Government Agency. Executive understands that pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 7. All other provisions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect according to their respective terms, and nothing contained herein shall be deemed a waiver of any right or abrogation of any obligation otherwise existing under the Employment Agreement except to the extent specifically provided for herein. 
 8. Notwithstanding the place where this Amendment may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all of the terms and provisions hereof shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the principles of choice or conflicts of laws thereof. 
 9. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures on this Amendment may be conveyed by facsimile or other electronic transmission and shall be binding upon the parties so transmitting their signatures. Counterparts with original signatures shall be provided to the other parties following the applicable facsimile or other electronic transmission provided, that failure to provide the original counterpart shall have no effect on the validity or the binding nature of this Amendment. 
 Signature page follows 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 BLACK DIAMOND THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By s Brent Hatzis-Schoch_______ 
 Its COO & GC 
 EXECUTIVE 

s Erika Jones 
 Erika Jones 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311_q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark A. Velleca, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s Mark A. Velleca Mark A. Velleca 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312_q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Erika Jones, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s Erika Jones Erika Jones 
 Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321_q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Mark A. Velleca, the Principal Executive Officer, and Erika Jones, the Principal Financial Officer, of Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to their knowledge 
 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s Mark A. Velleca Mark A. Velleca 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date November 5, 2024 
 By s Erika Jones Erika Jones 
 Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bdtx-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bdtx-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bdtx-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bdtx-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bdtx-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

