<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_2026448_0002026448-24-000026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2639296</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>498954</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>560621</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>812632</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>314058</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>397137</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0002026448-24-000026.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0002026448-24-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002026448
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				993313328
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56670
		FILM NUMBER:		241448011

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		711 HIGH STREET
		CITY:			DES MOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50392
		BUSINESS PHONE:		515-247-5111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		711 HIGH STREET
		CITY:			DES MOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50392

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0002026448-24-000026.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 pg4-20240930.htm
 PCREI TRUST 10-Q (3Q24)

pg4-20240930 

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2024 
 File No. 000-56670 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from ___ to ___ 
 Commission File Number 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or registration) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of November 12, 2024, the registrant had common shares, 0.01 par value outstanding. 

Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Current Fiscal Year End Date 2024- Entity Central Index Key Amendment Flag 
 ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 1 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations For the Period from May 22, 2024 through September 30, 2024 and For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in and Equity as of May 22, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2024 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows For the Period from May 22, 2024 through September 30, 2024 and For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 4 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 5 
 1. Organization and Business Purpose 
 5 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 5 
 3. Equity and Redeemable Common Shares 7 
 4. Related Party Transactions 8 
 5. Economic Dependency 9 
 6. Commitments and Contingencies 9 
 7. Subsequent Events 9 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 10 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 20 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures. 22 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 23 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 23 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 23 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 23 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 24 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 24 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 24 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBIT LIST. 27 
 SIGNATURES 28 

iii 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust 
 Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 ASSETS As of September 30, 2024 
 As of June 30, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES EQUITY 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 
 Redeemable common shares (Note 3) 
 Equity 

Accumulated deficit ) 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 
 1 

Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust 
 Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Period from May 22, 2024 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2024 Revenues Total Revenues Expenses 

General and administrative 
 Total Expenses 
 Net loss ) 
 ) Net loss per redeemable common share, basic and diluted 
 Weighted average redeemable common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 
 
 2 

Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 

Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Total Equity Balance at May 22, 2024 (Date of Formation) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 
 3 

Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Period from May 22, 2024 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2024 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Net loss ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Net cash used in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Proceeds from the issuance of redeemable common shares Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed financial statements. 
 4 

Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 2. 
 
 The Company did hold cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024. 
 5 

period following the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing. Such reimbursement may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or Class E shares, or any combination thereof. If the Adviser elects to receive any portion of such reimbursement in common shares, the Company may repurchase such common shares from the Adviser at a later date. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Adviser and its affiliates have incurred organization and offering expenses on the Company s behalf of approximately million and million, respectively. These organization and offering expenses are not recorded in the accompanying condensed balance sheet because such costs are not the Company s liability until the date on which it commences operations associated with the Initial Retail Closing. When recorded by the Company, organizational expenses and operating expenses will be expensed as incurred, and offering expenses will be charged to shareholders equity. Any amount due to the Adviser but not paid will be recognized as a liability on the condensed balance sheet. 
 months following the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing. Operating expenses incurred after the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing will be paid by the Company as incurred. As of September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses in the amount of million were incurred. These operating expenses are not recorded in the accompanying condensed financial statements because such costs are not the Company s liability until the date of the Initial Retail Closing. When recorded by the Company, operating expenses will be expensed as incurred. Any amount due to the Adviser but not paid will be recognized as a liability on the balance sheet. 
 6 

3. 
 per share common shares ), and an unlimited number of shares classified as preferred shares of beneficial interest, par value per share. The Company intends to undertake the Offering, pursuant to which it will offer and sell its common shares to a limited number of accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), including common shares classified as Class T shares, common shares classified as Class S shares, common shares classified as Class D shares, common shares classified as Class I shares, and common shares classified as Class E shares. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and ongoing shareholder servicing fees, as well as different management fees and performance fees. The initial per share purchase price for each class of common share (other than Class A shares) sold in the Offering will be equal to the most recently determined net asset value NAV per share for the Class A shares issued to the Anchor Investors, in connection with the Anchor Investment (as defined below) (which is deemed to be until the last calendar day of the month during which the Company makes its first investment), plus, for Class S shares, Class T shares and Class D shares only, applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. Thereafter, the purchase price per share for each class of common share will vary and will generally equal the prior month s NAV per share for such class, as determined monthly, plus any applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. 
 On July 19, 2024, each of (1) Principal Life Insurance Company and/or its affiliate Principal Life and (2) an unaffiliated life insurance company and/or its affiliates (collectively with Principal Life, the Anchor Investors entered into a subscription agreement with the Company, pursuant to which, each of the Anchor Investors agreed, from time to time, to purchase an aggregate amount of million in the Company s Class A shares, in each case, at a price per share equal to the most recently determined NAV of the Class A shares, or if a Class A share NAV has yet to be calculated, then at a price per share equal to (collectively, referred to as, the Anchor Investment ). As of September 30, 2024, no Anchor Investor has purchased any Class A shares in connection with the Anchor Investment. 
 7 

investment by Principal Real Estate. Because employees of Principal Real Estate have the ability to cause the Company to repurchase the shares issued for this investment for cash, the Company has classified these redeemable common shares as mezzanine equity on the Company s Condensed Balance Sheet. The Company intends to repurchase these initial redeemable common shares at a price equal to per share at such time. 
 Issuance of Redeemable Common Shares 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 

4. 
 million of Class A shares. As of September 30, 2024, Principal Life has not purchased any Class A shares in connection with this commitment. 
 On July 19, 2024, the Company entered into an advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Adviser will be responsible for sourcing, evaluating, and monitoring investment opportunities and making decisions related to the origination, acquisition, management, financing, and disposition of assets, in accordance with the investment objectives, guidelines, policies and limitations, subject to oversight by the board of trustees. 
 Management Fee 
 As compensation for its services provided pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser will be paid a management fee equal to (1) of NAV for the outstanding Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares and (2) of NAV for the outstanding Class A shares, in each case, per annum, payable monthly in arrears. The management fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or Class E shares, or any combination thereof. The Company will not pay the Adviser the management fee with respect to the Class E shares, and as a result, it is a class-specific expense. As of September 30, 2024, there is management fee accrued as there were no shares outstanding other than redeemable common shares. 
 Performance Fee 
 In addition, the Adviser will be entitled to a performance fee, which is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to of the Company s Core Earnings for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, subject to the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, which is expressed as a rate of return on average adjusted capital, equal to (x) the 90-day average of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 90-Day Average SOFR as of the last business day of the preceding calendar quarter, divided by (y) four, plus per quarter. For purposes of the performance fee, adjusted capital means cumulative net proceeds generated from sales of the Company s common shares (including proceeds from the Company s distribution reinvestment plan) reduced for distributions from non-liquidating dispositions of the Company s investments paid to shareholders and amounts paid for share repurchases pursuant to the Company s share repurchase plan. 
 Once the Company s Core Earnings in any calendar quarter exceed the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, the Adviser is entitled to a catch-up fee equal to the amount of Core Earnings in excess of the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, until the Company s Core Earnings for such quarter equal the result of (i) the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, divided by (ii) (or 1 minus 0.125) of adjusted capital. Thereafter, the Adviser is entitled to receive of the Company s Core Earnings. The Company will not pay the Adviser a performance fee with respect to the Class E shares or Class A shares. 
 8 

performance fee accrued as there were no shares outstanding other than redeemable common shares and the Company had not commenced operations. 
 The Company may retain the Adviser and/or certain of its affiliates, from time to time, for services relating to its investments or its operations, which may include capital markets services, restructuring services, valuation services, underwriting and diligence services, and special servicing, as well as services related to mortgage servicing, capital markets/credit origination, loan servicing and asset management, property, title and other types of insurance, management consulting and other similar operational and investment matters. Any fees paid to the Adviser s affiliates for any such services will not reduce the management fee. In addition, such out-of-pocket costs and expenses will include expenses relating to compliance-related matters and regulatory filings relating to its activities (including, without limitation, expenses relating to the preparation and filing of Form PF, Form ADV, reports to be filed with the CFTC and SEC, reports, disclosures, and/or other regulatory filings of the Adviser and its affiliates relating to its activities (including its pro rata share of the costs of the Adviser and its affiliates of regulatory expenses that relate to the Company and investment funds, REITs, vehicles, accounts, products and/or other similar arrangements sponsored, advised, sub-advised and/or managed by Principal Real Estate or its affiliates, whether currently in existence or subsequently established)). As of September 30, 2024, no such services were provided by the Adviser and/or its affiliates to the Company. 
 
 5. 
 
 6. 
 
 7. 
 of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding month). The foregoing description of each of the Share Repurchase Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Share Repurchase Plan, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 4.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 
 9 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 References herein to Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, the Company, we, us, or our refer to Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q ). In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended (the Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 Some of the statements in this Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q may include statements as to: 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of the assets in which we may invest; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital to execute our investment and lending strategies; 
 our ability to source adequate investment and lending opportunities to efficiently deploy capital; 
 our current and expected financing arrangements; 
 10 

the effect of global and national economic and market conditions generally upon our operating results, including, but not limited to, changes with respect to inflation, interest rate changes and supply chain disruptions, and changes in government rules, regulations and fiscal policies; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our investments; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Adviser or any of its affiliates; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the assets in which we may invest; 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 our ability to structure investments in a tax-efficient manner and the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 the tax status of the assets in which we may invest. 
 In addition, our narrative analysis below contains forward-looking statements intended to enhance the reader s ability to assess our future financial performance. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that represent our beliefs concerning future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments, and contain words and phrases such as anticipate, believe, plan, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are made based upon management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors section of Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement filed with the SEC, and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: 
 changes in the economy, particularly those affecting the real estate industry; 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism, natural disasters, epidemics or other events having a broad impact on the economy; 
 adverse conditions in the areas where our investments or the properties underlying such investments are located and local real estate conditions; 
 our portfolio may be concentrated in certain industries and geographies, and, as a consequence, our aggregate return may be substantially affected by adverse economic or business conditions affecting that particular type of asset or geography; 
 limitations on our business and our ability to satisfy requirements to maintain our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), or to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 since there is no public trading market for our common shares, repurchase of common shares by us will likely be the only way to dispose of your shares. Our share repurchase plan provides shareholders with the opportunity to request that we repurchase their shares on a quarterly basis, but we are not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular quarter in our discretion. In addition, repurchases will be subject to available liquidity and other significant restrictions. Further, our board of trustees may make exceptions to, modify and suspend our share repurchase plan if, in its reasonable judgement, it deems such action to be in our best interest. As a result, our common shares should be considered as having only limited liquidity and at times may be illiquid; 
 distributions are not guaranteed and may be funded from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, borrowings, offering proceeds, the sale of our assets, and repayments of our real estate debt investments, and we have no limits on the amounts we may fund from such sources; 
 the purchase and repurchase prices for our common shares are generally based on our prior month s NAV and are not based on any public trading market; and 
 future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas. 
 11 

Although we believe the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements, are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and, as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of the these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Form 10-Q should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland statutory trust formed on May 22, 2024. We are managed by Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser and, together with Principal Real Estate Europe Limited, Principal Real Estate ). Principal Real Estate is the dedicated real estate group of Principal Global Investors Holding Company (US), LLC, a member company and affiliate of Principal Financial Group, which is a public company listed on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol PFG. 
 We are an externally advised, perpetual-life REIT formed to pursue the following investment objectives: 
 provide current income in the form of regular, stable cash distributions to achieve an attractive distribution yield; 
 preserve and protect invested capital, by focusing on high quality real assets with current cash-flow and/or limited business plan risk; 
 provide an investment alternative for shareholders seeking to allocate a portion of their long-term investment portfolios to commercial real estate CRE debt with lower volatility than publicly traded securities and compelling risk-adjusted returns compared to fixed income alternatives. 
 We may not achieve our investment objectives. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC. 
 Our investment strategy will be focused on originating, acquiring, financing managing and disposing of a portfolio of primarily commercial real estate CRE debt investments, including senior mortgage loans, subordinated debt and other similar investments (collectively referred to as, CRE Debt Investments ), diversified across both geography and asset class. To a lesser extent, the Company may invest in other real estate-related debt securities, including commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations. Our CRE loans are expected to be primarily secured by properties in the U.S. and include multifamily, industrial and select other CRE asset classes, such as student housing, self-storage, life science and data center assets. 
 Our board of trustees at all times will have ultimate oversight and policy-making authority over us, including responsibility for governance, financial controls, compliance and disclosure. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, however, we have delegate to the Adviser the authority to source, evaluate and monitor our investment opportunities and make decisions related to the acquisition, management, financing and disposition of our assets, in accordance with our investment objectives, guidelines, policies and limitations, subject to oversight by our board of trustees. 
 We will be structured as a non-listed, perpetual-life REIT, and therefore our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange and, as of the date of this Form 10-Q, there is no plan to list our securities on a national securities exchange. We are organized as a holding company and conduct our business primarily through our various subsidiaries. For the taxable year ending December 31, 2024 the Company intends to be taxed as a corporation and will be subject to certain federal income tax on its taxable income (and may be subject to certain state and local taxes on income or assets, depending on Company holdings). We intend to elect and qualify to be taxed as a REIT under the Code, for U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent we annually distribute all of our REIT taxable income to shareholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT, for taxable year ending December 31, 2025. 
 We will be conducting a blind pool continuous private offering of our common shares in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), to investors that are (i) accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and (ii) in the case of common shares sold outside the United States, to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
 12 

We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from our real estate debt investments or real estate-related securities, other than those referred to in this Form 10-Q. 
 Key Components of Our Results from Operations 
 Revenues 
 On June 25, 2024, we were capitalized through the purchase of 50 common shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000 by Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC, the Adviser. As of November 12, 2024, we have not engaged in principal operations nor generated any revenues. Our entire activity since inception to November 12, 2024, was our initial capitalization and preparation for our proposed fundraising through our continuous private offering. 
 As of November 12, 2024, we had neither originated nor acquired any investments that will be funded with the net proceeds from our continuous private offering. The number and type of investments that we originate or acquire will depend upon market conditions, the amount of proceeds we raise in our continuous private offering and other circumstances existing at the time of our operations and investment activities. 
 We will seek to focus on senior secured floating rate investments, collateralized by high quality real estate assets to generate current cash flow. We seek to identify attractive risk-reward investments by financing high quality real estate assets primarily located in the top 50 metropolitan statistical areas as tracked by Principal Real Estate. We expect to create synergies with Principal Real Estate s existing debt capabilities by leveraging its significant scale and existing relationships to source ample lending opportunities. 
 Expenses 
 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement between the Company and the Adviser (the Advisory Agreement ), the Adviser will be responsible for sourcing, evaluating and monitoring the Company s investment opportunities and making decisions related to the acquisition, origination, management, financing and disposition of the Company s assets, in accordance with the Company s investment objectives, guidelines, policies and limitations, subject to oversight by the Company s board of trustees. As discussed in Note 4 Related Party Transactions to the Company s unaudited condensed financial statements as of and for the period from May 22, 2024 (Date of Formation) through September 30, 2024, certain affiliates of the Company, including the Adviser, will receive fees and compensation in connection with the offering and ongoing management of the assets of the Company. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser will be responsible for, among other things: 
 managing the Company s assets in accordance with its investment objective, policies and restrictions; 
 determining the composition of the Company s portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to the Company s portfolios and the manner of implementing such changes; 
 making investment decisions for the Company and monitoring the Company s investments; 
 engaging and supervising, on the Company s behalf, agents and service providers to assist in making and managing the Company s investments; 
 determining valuations of the Company s assets; 
 performing due diligence on prospective portfolio investments; 
 recommending the appropriate level of leverage and debt financing; 
 exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for the Company; and 
 providing the Company with such other investment advisory and related services as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of capital. 
 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser may delegate any of the services for which it is responsible for to a third-party service provider. In the event the Adviser chooses to engage a third-party service provider, the Adviser will remain responsible for the performance of such services and we generally will pay fees to the third-party service providers for such services. 
 13 

Management Fee 
 As compensation for its services provided pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser a management fee of (1) 1.25 of NAV for the outstanding Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares and (2) 0.75 of NAV for the outstanding Class A shares, in each case, per annum, payable monthly in arrears. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not pay the Adviser the management fee with respect to the Class E shares, and as a result, it is a class-specific expense. In calculating the management fee, we use our NAV before giving effect to accruals for the management fee, performance fee, shareholder servicing fees or distributions payable on our common shares. 
 The management fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or Class E shares, or any combination thereof. 
 To the extent that the Adviser elects to receive any portion of the management fee in Class E shares, we may repurchase such Class E shares from the Adviser at a later date. Our Class E shares obtained by the Adviser will not be subject to our share repurchase plan, including the repurchase limits and any Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 Performance Fee 
 The Adviser is entitled to a performance fee, which is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to 12.5 of the Company s Core Earnings for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, subject to the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, which is expressed as a rate of return on average adjusted capital, equal to the 90-Day Average SOFR as of the last business day of the preceding calendar quarter, divided by four, plus 0.25 per quarter, which is equal to an annualized hurdle rate equal to the 90-Day Average SOFR as of the last business day of the preceding calendar quarter, plus 1.0 . As a result, the Adviser does not earn the performance fee for any calendar quarter until the Company s Core Earnings for such calendar quarter exceed the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate. For purposes of the performance fee, adjusted capital means cumulative net proceeds generated from sales of the Company s common shares (including proceeds from the Company s distribution reinvestment plan) reduced for distributions from non-liquidating dispositions of the Company s investments paid to shareholders and amounts paid for share repurchases pursuant to the Company s share repurchase plan. 
 Once the Company s Core Earnings in any calendar quarter exceed the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, the Adviser is entitled to a catch-up fee equal to the amount of Core Earnings in excess of the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, until the Company s Core Earnings for such quarter equal to the result of (i) the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, divided by (ii) 0.875 (or 1 minus 0.125) of adjusted capital. Thereafter, the Adviser is entitled to receive 12.5 of the Company s Core Earnings. 
 The Company does not pay the Adviser a performance fee with respect to the Class E shares or Class A shares. The performance fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or Class E shares, or any combination thereof. To the extent that the Adviser elects to receive any portion of the performance fee in Class E shares, we may repurchase such Class E shares from the Adviser at a later date. Our Class E shares obtained by the Adviser will not be subject to our share repurchase plan, including the repurchase limits and any Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 Organizational and Offering Expenses 
 We reimburse the Adviser for any organization and offering expenses associated with this offering that it incurs on our behalf (including legal, accounting, printing, mailing, subscription processing and filing fees and expenses, reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating broker-dealers supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of our escrow agent and transfer agent, and expense reimbursements for actual costs incurred by employees of the Dealer Manager in the performance of wholesaling activities, but excluding upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the shareholder servicing fee) and certain of our operating expenses. The Adviser currently pays wholesaling compensation expenses and certain related expenses of persons associated with the Dealer Manager without reimbursement from us. 
 14 

The Adviser has agreed to advance our organization and offering expenses on our behalf through the first anniversary of the initial closing (the Initial Retail Closing of the Company s continuous, blind pool private offering (the Offering ). We will reimburse the Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably in 60 equal monthly installments following the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing. Such reimbursement may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or Class E shares, or any combination thereof. If the Adviser elects to receive any portion of such reimbursement in our common shares, we may repurchase such shares from the Adviser at a later date. Such common shares that the Adviser receives in lieu of cash will not be subject to our share repurchase plan, including the repurchase limits and any Early Repurchase Deduction. After the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing, we will reimburse the Adviser for any organization and offering expenses and operating expenses that it incurs on our behalf as and when incurred. 
 Origination Fees 
 The Adviser will not retain loan origination fees, extension fees, exit fees, prepayment fees, loan assumption fees and other similar fees paid by borrowers in connection with the origination of each new loan (collectively, Origination Fees ), which generally will be retained by us, and for our benefit. 
 Certain Loan Servicing and Closing Fees 
 In addition to Origination Fees, which generally will be retained by the Company, Principal Real Estate provides certain loan servicing services and provides certain closing services with respect to loans originated by the Company, including any interest earned on escrow accounts that is not required to be paid to borrowers Borrower Servicing and Closing-Related Fees ). Such Borrower Servicing and Closing-Related Fees are paid by the borrower directly to Principal Real Estate and do not reduce or offset the management fee or performance fee payable by the Company to the Adviser. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company is not required to pay Principal Real Estate or the Adviser any Borrower Servicing and Closing-Related Fees (all such fees are paid by or on behalf of the applicable borrower); provided, however, that if similar services are provided by a third party and a borrower is not obligated or otherwise does not pay the applicable fees and expenses, the Company may pay or otherwise bear such fees and expenses. 
 Operating Expenses (Including General and Administrative Expenses) Reimbursement 
 In addition to the organization and offering expense and acquisition expense reimbursements described above, we reimburse the Adviser and its affiliates for out-of-pocket costs and expenses it incurs in connection with the services it provides to us, including, but not limited to, (1) the actual cost of goods and services used by us, whether payable to an affiliate or a non-affiliated person, including fees paid to administrators, consultants, attorneys, technology providers and other service providers, and brokerage fees paid in connection with the purchase and sale of investments and securities, (2) expenses of managing and operating our investments, whether payable to an affiliate or a non-affiliated person and (3) expenses related to personnel of the Adviser or its affiliates performing services for us other than those who provide investment advisory services or serve as our executive officers; provided, that the Adviser may be reimbursed for services performed by an executive officer that are outside the scope of such role. 
 The Adviser has agreed to advance certain of our operating expenses on our behalf through the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing. We will reimburse the Adviser for such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing. Operating expenses incurred after the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing are paid by us as incurred. 
 Valuation of Portfolio Investments 
 Our board of trustees adopted valuation guidelines that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used by the Adviser and SitusAMC Valuation Advisory and Risk Solutions, LLC (the Independent Valuation Advisor in connection with estimating the values of our assets and liabilities for purposes of our NAV calculation. These guidelines are designed to seek to produce a fair and accurate estimate of the price that would be received for our investments in an arm s-length transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller in possession of all material information about our investments. Periodically, our board of trustees, including a majority of our independent trustees, will review the appropriateness of our valuation procedures. From time to time, our board of trustees, including a majority of our independent trustees, may adopt changes to the valuation guidelines if it (1) determines that such changes are likely to result in a more accurate reflection of NAV or a more efficient or less costly procedure for the determination of NAV without having a material adverse effect on the accuracy of such determination or (2) otherwise reasonably believes a change is appropriate for the determination of NAV. 
 15 

The calculation of NAV is intended to be a calculation of the fair value of our assets less our outstanding liabilities as described below and will likely differ from the book value of equity reflected in our condensed financial statements. 
 To calculate NAV for the purpose of establishing a purchase and repurchase price for our common shares, we expect to adopt a model that calculates the fair values of our assets and liabilities in accordance with our valuation guidelines. Because these fair value calculations will involve significant professional judgment in the application of both observable and unobservable attributes, the calculated fair value of assets may differ from their actual realizable value or future fair value. While we believe these NAV calculation methodologies are consistent with standard industry practices, there is no rule or regulation that requires we calculate NAV in a certain way. As a result, other REITs may use different methodologies or assumptions to determine NAV. In addition, NAV is not a measure used under GAAP and the valuations of and certain adjustments made to our assets and liabilities used in the determination of NAV will differ from GAAP. Shareholders should not consider NAV to be equivalent to shareholders equity or any other GAAP measure. 
 The following valuation methods will be used for purposes of calculating our NAV: 
 CRE Loans. Newly originated or acquired CRE loan investments will initially be valued at par in the month that they are closed, which is expected to represent fair value at that time. For each month after the initial month in which a loan investment is closed, the Independent Valuation Advisor will provide the valuation of each of our CRE loan investments. Valuations of CRE loan investments reflect changes in interest rates, spreads, collateral value, loan tests (including loan impairment testing) and metrics, risk ratings, and anticipated liquidation timing and proceeds, among others. The fair values are determined by discounting the future contractual cash flows to the present value using a current market interest rate or spread. The market rate is determined through consideration of the interest rates for debt of comparable quality and maturity, and, where applicable, the value of the underlying real estate investment. 
 Each report prepared by the Independent Valuation Advisor is addressed solely to us. The Independent Valuation Advisor s reports are not addressed to the public and may not be relied upon by any other person to establish an estimated value of our common shares and do not constitute a recommendation to any person to purchase or sell our common shares. In preparing its reports, the Independent Valuation Advisor will not solicit third-party indications of interest for our common shares in connection with possible purchases thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of us. 
 Collateral . For CRE loan investments, an appraisal will be completed by an independent appraisal firm prior to the closing of each transaction. Appraised values of property collateral are based on comparable sales, occupancy, leasing rates and expirations, discounted cash flows, and anticipated liquidation timing and proceeds, among other factors. The Adviser may choose to obtain an updated third party appraisal subsequent to the loan closing date if a material event occurs and impacts the collateral. 
 Independent appraisal reports are not addressed to the public and may not be relied upon by any other person to establish an estimated value of our collateral. 
 Real Estate Owned REO) Properties . In the event we pursue ownership interest in the underlying collateral on a defaulted loan, then the asset will become REO property. REO properties will initially be valued at fair value (prepared by an independent appraiser) less closing costs, at the time of acquisition. Thereafter, as of the end of each month, the Adviser will determine the fair value of each of the REO properties and the Independent Valuation Advisor will review and confirm the reasonableness of those valuations on a quarterly basis. Additionally, the REO properties will be valued by an independent appraiser annually. Property-level valuations reflect changes in property value based on comparable sales, occupancy, leasing rates and expirations, discounted cash flows, and anticipated liquidation timing and proceeds, among other factors. 
 Each valuation report prepared by an independent appraiser is addressed solely to us but provided to the Independent Valuation Advisor for use in consideration of the reasonableness of the Adviser s valuation of our REO properties. Any independent appraiser s valuation report is not addressed to the public and may not be relied upon by any other person to establish the fair value of the property. 
 16 

Other Real Estate-Related Assets . Our investments in real estate-related assets will focus on non-distressed public and private real estate-related debt securities, including, but not limited to, commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS and collateralized loan obligations CLOs ). In general, real estate-related assets are valued by the Adviser according to the procedures specified below upon acquisition or issuance and then monthly. Interim valuations of real estate-related assets that are valued monthly may be performed if the Adviser believes the value of the applicable asset may have changed materially since the most recent valuation. In addition, our board of trustees may retain additional independent valuation firms to assist with the valuation of real estate-related assets. 
 Publicly Traded Real Estate-Related Assets. Publicly traded real-estate related assets that are not restricted as to salability or transferability will generally be valued by the Adviser monthly on the basis of publicly available market quotations or at fair value determined in accordance with GAAP. Market quotations may be obtained from third-party pricing service providers or broker-dealers. When reliable market quotations are available from multiple sources, the Adviser will use commercially reasonable efforts to use two or more quotations and will typically value the assets based on the average of the quotations obtained. GAAP defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. If market quotations are not readily available (or are otherwise not reliable for a particular investment), the fair value will be determined in good faith by the Adviser. The Adviser may adjust the value of public debt real estate-related assets and derivatives that are restricted as to salability or transferability for a liquidity discount. In determining the amount of such discount, consideration is given to the nature and length of such restriction and the relative volatility of the market price of the security. 
 Private Real Estate-Related Assets . Investments in privately placed debt instruments and securities of real estate-related operating businesses (other than joint ventures), such as real estate development or management companies, will initially be valued by the Adviser at the acquisition price and thereafter will be revalued monthly at fair value. Each month, the Independent Valuation Advisor will provide those valuations. The fair value of real-estate related operating businesses is generally determined by using valuation methodologies such as discounted cash flow and market comparable analysis. The valuation analysis is supplemented with a qualitative assessment of the businesses operating metrics and industry outlook. In evaluating the fair value of our interests in certain commingled investment vehicles, values periodically assigned to such interests by the respective issuers or broker-dealers may be relied upon. 
 Derivative Instruments . In the ordinary course of business, we may hedge interest rate and foreign currency exposure with derivative financial instruments. We report our derivative assets and liabilities at fair value based on price quotes from at least one independent pricing service. The pricing service values bilateral interest rate swaps and interest rate caps under the income approach using valuation models. The significant inputs in these models are readily available in public markets or can be derived from observable market transactions for substantially the full terms of the contracts. The pricing service values currency forward contracts under the market approach through the use of quoted market prices available in an active market. 
 Liquid Non-Real Estate-Related Assets . Liquid non-real estate-related assets include credit rated government debt securities, corporate debt securities, cash and cash equivalents. Liquid non-real estate-related assets will be valued monthly by the Adviser based on market quotations or at fair value determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Liabilities . The fair value of any of our future facilities will be determined by the Adviser on a monthly basis, which will be used in calculating our NAV. New facilities will initially be valued at par, which is expected to represent fair value at that time. Each month thereafter, the Independent Valuation Advisor will provide the valuations of each facility liability that will be used in calculating NAV. Any changes to the fair value of facilities are expected to reflect changes including interest rates, spreads, and key loan metrics and tests utilizing the collateral value and cash flows, including the estimated liquidation timing and proceeds. 
 The fair value of any financing liabilities will generally be measured using our valuation guidelines discussed above. 
 17 

Each report prepared by the Independent Valuation Advisor is addressed solely to us. The Independent Valuation Advisor s reports are not addressed to the public and may not be relied upon by any other person to establish value of the facilities that will be used in calculating NAV. 
 The Board has delegated to the Adviser the responsibility for monitoring significant events that may materially affect the values of our facilities for determining whether the existing valuations should be re-evaluated prior to the next scheduled monthly valuation in light of such significant events. 
 In addition to our debt obligations, we expect that our liabilities will include the fees payable to the Adviser and the Dealer Manager, accounts payable, accrued operating expenses, and other liabilities. Liabilities related to shareholder servicing fees will be allocable to Class S shares, Class T shares and Class D shares and will only be included in the NAV calculation for that class. Liabilities related to the management fee and performance fee will be allocable to Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, Class I shares and Class A shares and will only be included in the NAV calculation for those classes. 
 For purposes of calculating our NAV, neither (1) organization and offering expenses paid by the Adviser through the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing, nor (2) operating expenses paid by the Adviser, incurred by us during the period through the first anniversary of the Initial Retail Closing, are recognized as expenses or as a component of equity and reflected in our NAV until we reimburse the Adviser for these costs. 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not yet completed the Initial Retail Closing and had no portfolio investments. 
 Results of Operations 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in our organizational period and had not commenced significant operations. We are dependent upon the proceeds from the Offering in order to conduct our investment activities. We intend to make investments with the capital received from the Offering and any indebtedness that we may incur in connection with our investment activities. 
 Our Registration Statement on Form 10 became effective on September 24, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had neither purchased nor contracted to purchase any investments. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was still in its organizational period and had not yet commenced principal operations or generated any revenues. Principal operations are expected to commence when common shares are issued in the Initial Retail Closing. 
 The Anchor Investors have agreed, from time to time, to purchase an aggregate amount of 150 million in Class A shares, in each case, at a price per share equal to the most recently determined NAV of Class A shares, or if a Class A share NAV has yet to be calculated, then at a price per share equal to 20.00. We expect to generate cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of our continuous private offering, (ii) cash flows from our operations, (iii) any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and (iv) any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of our continuous private offering, (ii) cash flows from our operations, (iii) any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and (iv) any future offerings of equity and / or debt securities. 
 Our primary use of cash will be for (i) origination or acquisition of commercial mortgage loans and other commercial debt investments, CMBS and other commercial real estate-related debt investments, (ii) the cost of operations (including the management fee and performance fee), (iii) debt service of any borrowings, (iv) periodic repurchases, including under our share purchase plan (as described herein), and (v) cash distributions (if any) to the holders of our shares to the extent authorized by our board of trustees and declared by us. 
 The Company will seek to enter into bank debt, credit facility, and / or other financing arrangements on at least customary and market terms; however, such incurrence would be subject to prevailing market conditions, the Company s liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced operations and had no outstanding borrowings. 
 18 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves significant judgments and assumptions and requires estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our condensed financial statements. We consider our accounting policies over investments in real estate, investments in real estate debt, and revenue recognition to be our critical accounting policies. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements for further descriptions of such accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The guidance in ASC 825 provides a fair value option election that allows entities to make an irrevocable election of fair value as the initial and subsequent measurement attribute for certain eligible financial assets and liabilities. In the cases of loans and securities investments for which the fair value option is elected, loan origination fees and costs related to the origination or acquisition of the instrument should be immediately recognized in earnings. Unrealized gains and losses on assets and liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected are also reported in earnings without deferral. This is because under the fair value option, a lender reports the instrument at its exit price (i.e., the price that would be received to sell the instrument in an orderly transaction), which reflects the market s assessment of the instrument s cash flows and risks and does not include any entity-specific costs or fees. 
 As discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed financial statements, the Company will elect the fair value option for certain eligible financial assets and liabilities including CRE loans, infrastructure loans, real estate securities and liabilities associated with borrowing facilities. The fair value elections will be made to create a more direct alignment between the Company s financial reporting and the calculation of net asset value per share used to determine the prices at which investors can purchase and redeem shares of the Company s common stock. 
 The decision to elect the fair value option will be determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis and must be applied to an entire instrument and is irrevocable once elected. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value pursuant to this guidance are required to be reported separately on the Company s balance sheet from those instruments using another accounting method. 
 Accrual of interest on non-performing loans is ceased at the earlier of (i) the loan becoming significantly past due or (ii) management concluding that a full recovery of all interest and principal is doubtful. Interest income on non-accrual loans in which management expects a full recovery of the loan s outstanding principal balance is only recognized when received in cash. If a full recovery of principal is doubtful, the cost recovery method is applied whereby any cash received is applied to the outstanding principal balance of the loan. A non-accrual loan is returned to accrual status at such time as the loan becomes contractually current and management believes all future principal and interest will be received according to the contractual loan terms. 
 For loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality, interest income is only recognized to the extent that the estimate of undiscounted expected principal and interest exceeds the investment in the loan. Such excess, if any, is recognized as interest income on a level-yield basis over the life of the loan. 
 Income Taxes 
 For taxable year ending December 31, 2024, we plan to file as a corporation and will be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on its taxable income. The Company intends to make an election to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with its taxable year ending December 31, 2025. If the Company elects and qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax to the extent it distributes 90 of its taxable income to its shareholders. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT and distributes 90 of its taxable income to shareholders, it may also be subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign taxes on its income and assets, including (1) taxes on any undistributed income, (2) taxes related to its TRSs,, (3) certain state or local income taxes and (4) taxes on any built-in gain in assets acquired during the period the Company filed as a corporation to the extent such assets were disposed of within five years of the Company s conversion to REIT status. REITs are subject to a number of other organizational and operational requirements. The Company's tax returns for three years from the date filed are subject to examination. 
 19 

The Company intends to form wholly-owned subsidiaries to function as TRSs and will file TRS elections, together with such subsidiaries, with the Internal Revenue Service. In general, a TRS may perform additional services for the Company s tenants and generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate-related business other than management or operation of a lodging facility or a health care facility. The TRSs will be subject to taxation at the federal, state, local and foreign levels, as applicable, at the regular corporate tax rates. 
 The Company accounts for applicable income taxes by utilizing the asset and liability method. As such, the Company will record deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences resulting from the difference between the carrying value of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance for deferred tax assets will be provided if the Company believes all or some portion of the deferred tax asset may not be realized. 
 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The primary components of our market risk are related to interest rates, credit spreads, credit market values, liquidity and foreign currency exchange rates. While we do not seek to avoid risk completely, we believe that risk can be quantified from historical experience, and we seek to actively manage that risk, to earn sufficient compensation to justify taking those risks and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental, monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors beyond our control. Our net interest income is exposed to interest rate volatility primarily as a result of the floating rate nature of the investments we hold and the financing we place on them. Additionally, we may use company-level facilities featuring floating interest rates for liquidity and working capital purposes. Furthermore, we may make investments in fixed and floating rate debt securities; the value of our positions may increase or decrease depending on interest rate movements. Finally, interest rate changes may impact the demand for loans and the availability of financing needed to expand our investment portfolio. 
 A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher debt service payment requirements relative to any variable rate investments we hold and to declines in the value of any fixed rate investments we may hold. Rising interest rates carry default risk to our borrowers, because cash flows from underlying properties may fall below the debt service payments due to us on the investments, triggering borrower liquidity covenants. Therefore, we expect to protect property cash flows by requiring borrowers to purchase interest rate caps, which provides a hedge against rising interest rates, whereby the borrower will receive excess cash if interest rates exceed predetermined strike prices. Furthermore, rising interest rates also cause our overall cost of borrowing to increase, partially or fully, offsetting any increase in elevated debt service payments received on our variable rate investments. In general, we will seek to match the interest rate characteristics of our investments with the interest rate characteristics of any related financing obligations. In instances where the interest rate characteristics of an investment and the related financing obligation are not matched, we may mitigate such interest rate risk through the utilization of interest rate derivatives of the same duration. Given our target leverage ratios, an increase in interest rates may result in an increase in our net investment income and the amount of the performance fee payable to the Adviser. 
 A decline in interest rates can be expected to lead to lower debt service payments received from any variable rate investments we may hold, decreases in the interest income earned on any floating rate investments we hold, and increases in the value of any fixed rate investments we hold. To mitigate the impact of reduced earnings as a result of declining interest rates, we expect to structure interest rate floors into each loan where the borrower will be required to pay minimum interest payments should interest rates fall below a predetermined rate. Additionally, reduced interest rates also cause our overall cost of borrowings to decrease. Because our borrowings do not typically feature interest rate floors, but our variable rate investments feature minimum interest payments due to us, declining interest rates may result in an increase to the Company s net interest income and an increase in the amount of the performance fee payable to the Adviser. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held no market sensitive instruments. 
 20 

Credit Spread Risk 
 Credit spread risk is the risk that interest rate spreads between two different financial instruments will change. In general, U.S. fixed-rate commercial mortgage loans and CMBS are priced based on a spread to U.S. Treasury securities or interest rate swaps. We will generally benefit if credit spreads narrow during the time that we hold a portfolio of mortgage loans, CMBS and/or CLO investments, and we may experience losses if credit spreads widen during the time that we hold a portfolio of mortgage loans, CMBS and/or CLO investments. We actively monitor our exposure to changes in credit spreads and we may enter into credit total return swaps or take positions in other credit-related derivative instruments to moderate our exposure to losses associated with a widening of credit spreads. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk in our investments with respect to a borrower s ability to make required debt service payments to us and repay the unpaid principal balance in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. We manage this risk by conducting a credit analysis prior to making an investment and by actively monitoring our portfolio and the underlying credit quality, including subordination and diversification, of our investments on an ongoing basis. In addition, we re-evaluate the credit risk inherent in our investments on a regular basis taking into consideration a number of fundamental macro-economic factors such as gross domestic product, unemployment, interest rates, capital markets activity, retail sales, store closing/openings, corporate earnings, housing inventory, affordability and regional home price trends. 
 We are exposed to credit risk with respect to the tenants that occupy properties that serve as collateral to our investments. To mitigate this risk, we seek to avoid large single tenant exposure and we undertake a credit evaluation of major tenants prior to making a loan. This analysis includes extensive due diligence of a potential tenant s creditworthiness and business, as well as an assessment of the strategic importance of the property to the tenant s core business operations. 
 Finally, we may be exposed to counterparty credit risk under the terms of a derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We may seek to mitigate the credit risk associated with derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 
 Market Value Risks 
 We may also be exposed to market value risk with respect to the fair value of our investments, including debt securities, and borrowings due to changes in market conditions, including credit spreads, interest rates, property cash flows, and commercial property values that serve as collateral. We seek to manage our exposure to market risk by originating or acquiring investments secured by different property types located in diverse, but liquid markets with stable credit ratings. The fair value of our investments may fluctuate, therefore the amount we will realize upon any repayment, sale, or an alternative liquidation event is unknown. 
 Commercial property values are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: national, regional and local economic conditions; local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes and/or tax and legal considerations. Changes in commercial property values are difficult to predict with accuracy. We model a range of valuation scenarios and the resulting impacts to our investments. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 Market disruptions may lead to a significant decline in transaction activity in all or a significant portion of the asset classes in which we intend to invest and may at the same time lead to a significant contraction in short-term and long-term debt and equity funding sources. A decline in liquidity of real estate and real estate-related investments, as well as a lack of availability of observable transaction data and inputs, may make it more difficult to sell our investments or determine their fair values. As a result, we may be unable to sell investments, or only be able to sell investments at a price that may be materially different from the fair values presented. Also, in such conditions, there is no guarantee that the Company s borrowing arrangements or other arrangements for obtaining leverage will continue to be available or, if available, will be available on terms and conditions acceptable to us. In addition, a decline in market value of our assets may have particular adverse consequences in instances where we borrowed money based on the fair value of our assets. A decrease in the market value of our assets may result in the lender requiring us to post additional collateral or otherwise sell assets at a time when it may not be in our best interest to do so. 
 21 

Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our loans and investments that are denominated in a foreign currency are also subject to risks related to fluctuations in exchange rates. We generally expect to mitigate this exposure by matching the currency of our foreign currency assets to the currency of the borrowings that finance those assets. As a result, we expect to substantially reduce our exposure to changes in portfolio value related to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 We intend to hedge our net currency exposures in a prudent manner. In doing so, we generally expect to structure our foreign currency hedges so that the notional values and expiration dates of our hedges approximate the amounts and timing of future payments we expect to receive on the related investments. However, our currency hedging strategies may not eliminate all of our currency risk due to, among other things, uncertainties in the timing and/or amounts of payments received on the related investments, and/or unequal, inaccurate, or unavailable hedges to perfectly offset changes in future exchange rates. Additionally, we may be required under certain circumstances to collateralize our currency hedges for the benefit of the hedge counterparty, which could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC rules and forms and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurances of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 22 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 For information regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC, as amended. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Registration Statement on Form 10. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 We were capitalized through the purchase by Principal Real Estate of 50 common shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000 on June 25, 2024. These shares were issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 We intend to engage in the Offering to accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act) made pursuant to exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no purchases under the Offering and Principal Real Estate is our only shareholder. 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 On November 11, 2024, our board of trustees adopted a share repurchase plan, whereby shareholders may request on a quarterly basis that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares. We may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any particular calendar quarter, in our discretion, subject to any limitations in the share repurchase plan. 
 While shareholders may request on a quarterly basis that we repurchase all or any portion of their common shares pursuant to our share repurchase plan, we are not obligated to repurchase any common shares and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of our common shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular calendar quarter in our discretion. In addition, our ability to fulfill repurchase requests is subject to a number of limitations. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each calendar quarter. Under our share repurchase plan, to the extent we choose to repurchase common shares in any particular calendar quarter, we will only repurchase common shares following the close of business as of the last calendar day of that calendar quarter (each such date, a Repurchase Date ). Repurchases will be made at the transaction price in effect on the Repurchase Date, except that common shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 95 of the transaction price (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). The one-year holding period is measured from the first calendar day of the month in which the shares were issued to the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may only be waived in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death or qualified disability of the holder and in other limited circumstances. To have common shares repurchased, shareholders repurchase request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the second to last business day of the applicable calendar quarter. In the unlikely case that the repurchase price of the applicable calendar quarter is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of such calendar quarter (or is changed after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such calendar quarter and shareholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following calendar quarter must resubmit their repurchase requests. Settlements of share repurchases will be generally made within three business days of the Repurchase Date using the prior month s transaction price. We will disclose the repurchase price for each quarter when available on our website at www.principalcreditreit.com and directly to financial intermediaries. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to common shares acquired through our distribution reinvestment plan. An investor may withdraw its repurchase request by notifying the transfer agent before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the last business day of the applicable calendar quarter. Certain broker-dealers require that their clients 
 23 

process repurchases through their broker-dealer, which may impact the time necessary to process such repurchase request, impose more restrictive deadlines than described in our share repurchase plan, impact the timing of a shareholder receiving repurchase proceeds and require different paperwork or process than described in our share repurchase plan. Investors should contact their broker-dealer first if they want to request the repurchase of their shares. The Company expects to begin the share repurchase plan, if at all, in the first full calendar quarter following the Initial Retail Closing. 
 The aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class E shares and Class A shares (including repurchases at certain non-U.S. investor access funds primarily created to hold our common shares) is limited to no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding month). Common shares issued to the Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement are not subject to these repurchase limitations. 
 In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the common shares submitted for repurchase during any calendar quarter, common shares repurchased at the end of the calendar quarter will be repurchased on a pro rata basis. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next calendar quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 
 We may fund repurchase requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, borrowings, offering proceeds (including from sales of our common shares), the sale of our assets, and repayments of our real estate debt investments, and the Company has no limits on the amounts the Company may fund from such sources. Should repurchase requests, in the Company s discretion, place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in CRE Debt Investments or other investments rather than repurchasing our common shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, the Company may choose to repurchase fewer common shares in any particular calendar quarter than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Company s board of trustees may make exceptions to, modify or suspend the share repurchase plan if in its reasonable determination it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 Election of Trustees 
 On November 11, 2024, the sole trustee of the Company increased the size of the board of trustees to five members and elected each of Rohit Vohra, Andrea Balkan, Jennifer Pedigo and Richard Jones to the board of trustees to fill the vacancies created by such increase, in each case, effective November 11, 2024. The board of trustees has determined that each of Mses. Balkan and Pedigo and Mr. Jones is independent in accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The selection of Mses. Balkan and Pedigo and Mr. Jones to serve as a trustee was not pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with any other person. Mr. Vohra is affiliated with Principal Real Estate and was requested by Principal Real Estate to serve on the board of trustees. Each trustee will serve until his or her resignation, removal, death, disqualification, or adjudication of legal incompetence or the election and qualification of his or her successor. There are no transactions between the Company and any of the trustees that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 Mses. Balkan and Pedigo and Mr. Jones will serve on the Audit Committee of the Board of trustee and Ms. Balkan will serve as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The board of trustees has determined that each of Ms. Pedigo and Mr. Jones meet all applicable requirements to serve on the Company s Audit Committee, including the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Biographical information for each of the trustees elected is set forth below. 
 24 

Rohit Vohra , 52, has served as our Head of Global Wealth Alternatives since our formation in May 2024 and has been a trustee since November 2024. He is the Head of Global Wealth Alternatives at Principal Asset Management. Mr. Vohra is leading Principal s efforts in delivering its institutional-quality private investing platform to high-net worth investors and their advisors globally. Prior to joining Principal in 2021, Mr. Vohra was COO at Invesco Private Capital focusing on private equity. In 2016 OppenheimerFunds hired him to build the private market business, where he launched OC Private Capital (a joint venture between OppenheimerFunds and The Carlyle Group). As COO of OC Private Capital, he launched the Carlyle Tactical Private Credit Fund, focused on mass affluent investors. Between 2013 and 2016, Mr. Vohra was at RBC Wealth Management, where he was responsible for its global alternative investment business. Over his more than two decades in the alternative investment industry he has built a deep expertise in engineering, originating, and executing global strategies for multi-billion-dollar alternative investment businesses. Mr. Vohra received his MBA from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 
 Andrea Balkan , 60, has served as an independent trustee since November 2024 and has decades of experience as a real estate finance executive. Ms. Balkan s experience spans real estate debt and equity investments, portfolio construction and optimizing resolution of distressed real estate. She currently is a transition advisor at Brookfield Asset Management, where she previously held roles as a Managing Partner and a Partner. Prior to that, she was the Director, Large Loan Origination Group and Director, Co-Head of U.S. Conduit at Merrill Lynch. Ms. Balkan received a bachelor s degree from Wesleyan University. 
 Jennifer Pedigo , 60, has served as an independent trustee since November 2024 and has decades of experience in global financial services and asset management firms. She brings tenure in business strategy, product management, and distribution roles spanning institutional, wealth management, insurance and retirement markets. Throughout her career, Ms. Pedigo has represented a breadth of investment capabilities, encompassing customized portfolios, traditional asset classes and alternative assets such as real estate, private credit, agriculture, timber, and infrastructure. 
 Ms. Pedigo is the President of Jesamm Partners, Inc, a consulting practice. Most recently, Ms. Pedigo served as a board member of Securian Asset Management and as Securian Asset Management Senior Vice President, Head of Strategy and Business Development. Additionally, she held distribution leadership roles at Polen Capital Management, TIAA Global Asset Management and BMO Global Asset Management. 
 Ms. Pedigo earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Iowa. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst Charterholder and a member of the CFA Institute, the CFA Society of Chicago, and the CFA Society of South Florida. 
 Richard Jones , 71, has served as an independent trustee since November 2024. Mr. Jones served as a Partner at Dechert LLP from 1996 to 2024, where he chaired the Finance and Real Estate practice. Mr. Jones received a bachelor s degree from Washington and Lee University, a masters of laws from Boston University and a JD from the University of Virginia. 
 In connection with the election of such trustees, the Company entered into an indemnification agreement with each of Mr. Jones and Mses. Balkan and Pedigo, effective as of November 11, 2024. The terms of the indemnification agreement are substantially identical to the terms of the indemnification agreements the Company has entered into with each of its other trustees and executive officers. The indemnification agreement requires, among other things, that, subject to certain limitations, the Company will indemnify each of Messrs. Vohra and Jones and Mses. Balkan and Pedigo and advance to such trustee all related expenses, subject to reimbursement if it is subsequently determined that indemnification is not permitted. This description of the indemnification agreement is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the full terms of the Company s form of indemnification agreement, which was included as Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC on September 6, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 For their service as a trustee, each of each of Mses. Balkan and Pedigo and Mr. Jones will be compensated in accordance with the Compensation Policies (as defined below). 
 25 

Independent Trustee Compensation 
 On November 11, 2024, the board of trustees adopted an independent trustee compensation policy (the Independent Trustee Compensation Policy and an independent trustee restricted common share plan (the Independent Trustee Restricted Common Share Plan and, together with the Independent Trust Compensation Policy, the Compensation Policies ), in each case, effective November 11, 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the Compensation Policies, each of the Company s non-employee trustees who are not affiliated with the Principal Real Estate will be compensated for their service as a trustee with an annual retainer of 75,000, plus an additional annual retainer of 15,000 for the chairperson of the Audit Committee (the Annual Compensation ). The Annual Compensation is payable in quarterly installments, with (i) 75 of the Annual Compensation payable in cash and (ii) the remaining 25 in an annual grant of restricted Class E common shares issued at a price per share equal to the most recently determined NAV per Class E common share as of the date of grant, which will vest one year from the date of grant; provided that, in connection with the first annual grant, the restricted Class E common shares will be based on the initial per share price of common shares offered in the Company s continuous private offering. In addition, on November 11, 2024, the board of trustees approved initial grants of restricted Class E common shares as set forth in the Compensation Policies, which will be issued on the third business day following the Initial Retail Closing of the Company s continuous private offering. 
 The description of the Compensation Policies is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the full terms of the Compensation Policies, which are filed as Exhibit 10.4, Exhibit 10.5 and Exhibit 10.6 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Share Repurchase Plan and Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 Effective as of November 11, 2024, the board of trustees adopted a share repurchase plan (the Share Repurchase Plan ), pursuant to which shareholders may request on a quarterly basis that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their common shares, subject to certain limitations as set forth therein. The aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, Class E shares, Class I shares and Class A shares (including repurchases at certain non-U.S. investor access funds primarily created to hold the Company s shares) under its share repurchase plan is limited to no more than 5 of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding month). The foregoing description of the Share Repurchase Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Share Repurchase Plan, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 4.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. In addition, effective as of November 11, 2024, the board of trustees adopted a distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP ), whereby shareholders will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional common shares unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash. The foregoing description of the DRP does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the DRP, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 4.2 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no trustee or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of the Company adopted, modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as each such term is defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 
 Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement and Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement 
 On November 11, 2024, the Company and Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. entered into the Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement (the Amended Dealer Manager Agreement ). The Amended Dealer Manager Agreement and the Amended Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement amend and restate the prior versions of the agreements to make certain updates to reflect the designation of the new Class F-I shares of the Company. 
 The foregoing summary descriptions of the Amended Dealer Manager Agreement and the Amended Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Amended Dealer Manager Agreement and the Amended Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement, copies of which are included as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust 
 On November 11, 2024, the Company adopted the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the Amended Declaration of Trust ), pursuant to which the Company designated the new Class F-I shares. 
 26 

The foregoing summary description of the Amended Declaration of Trust does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended Declaration of Trust, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 3.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 
 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement 
 On November 11, 2024, the Company and the Adviser entered into the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (the Amended Advisory Agreement ). The Amended Advisory Agreement amends and restates the prior version of the agreement to make certain updates to reflect the designation of the new Class F-I shares of the Company. 
 The foregoing summary description of the Amended Advisory Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended Advisory Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.3 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBIT LIST. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, dated as of November 11, 2024 
 4.1 Share Repurchase Plan, dated as of November 11, 2024 
 4.2 Distribution Reinvestment Plan, as of dated November 11, 2024 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2024, by and between Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust and Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. 
 10.2 Form of Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement between Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. and participating broker-dealers (included as Exhibit A to the Dealer Manager Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereof) 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2024, by and between Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust and Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC 
 10.4 Independent Trustee Compensation Policy, effective as of November 11, 2024 
 10.5 Independent Trustee Restricted Common Share Plan, dated as of November 11, 2024 
 10.6 Form of Restricted Common Share Award Certificate 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited), (ii) Statements of Operations (Unaudited), (iii) Statements of Changes in Deficit (Unaudited), (iv) Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited), (v) the Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited), and (vi) cover page 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST 
 Dated: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ John T. Berg 
 John T. Berg 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated: November 12, 2024 
 
 By: /s/ Brian Riley 

Brian Riley 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

28 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit31-secondardeclarat.htm
 PCREI TRUST SECOND AR DECLARATION OF TRUST 111124

Document 

Exhibit 3.1 
 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST 
 November 11, 2024 
 This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST is made effective as of the date set forth above (the Effective Date by the Trustees of the Trust. 
 ARTICLE I 
 FORMATION CERTIFICATE OF TRUST 
 The Trust is a statutory trust within the meaning of the Act. The Trust shall not be deemed to be a general partnership, limited partnership, joint venture, joint stock company or corporation, but nothing herein shall preclude the Trust from being treated for tax purposes as a partnership, association, corporation or real estate investment trust or being disregarded for tax purposes as an entity separate from its owners under the Code. The Trust intends to elect to be treated as a REIT, as of its first taxable year, for federal, and applicable state and local, income tax purposes, and has the right to change such election at any time subject to any restrictions set forth in this Declaration of Trust. The sole initial Trustee formed the Trust by filing the Certificate. The governing instrument of the Trust shall be this Declaration of Trust, together with the Bylaws. 
 ARTICLE II 
 NAME 
 The name of the Trust is Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust . The Board may cause the Trust to use any other designation or name for the Trust. 
 ARTICLE III 
 PURPOSES AND POWERS 
 Section 3.1 Purposes . The purposes for which the Trust is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a statutory trust may be formed under the general laws of the State of Maryland as now or hereafter in force , including, without limitation or obligation, engaging in business as a REIT. 
 Section 3.2 Powers . The Trust shall have all of the powers granted to a statutory trust by the Act and all other powers that are not inconsistent with law and are appropriate to promote and attain the purposes of the Trust set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 

ARTICLE IV 
 RESIDENT AGENT PRINCIPAL OFFICE 
 The name and address of the resident agent of the Trust in the State of Maryland are as set forth in the Certificate. The address of the Trust s principal office in the State of Maryland is as set forth in the Certificate. The Board or any duly authorized agent of the Trust may change the Trust s resident agent or principal office from time to time. The Trust may have such offices or places of business within or outside the State of Maryland as the Board may from time to time determine. 
 ARTICLE V 
 DEFINITIONS 
 As used in the Declaration of Trust, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Act means the Maryland Statutory Trust Act, as amended from time to time. 
 Actual Owner means a Person that is required to include in such Person s gross income the dividends or other distributions received on such Shares. 
 Adviser means the Sponsor or its Affiliate that acts as investment adviser or manager to the Trust as permitted by Section 6.7 of this Declaration of Trust. 
 Adverse Shareholder means any Shareholder that is directly or indirectly Affiliated with any competitor of the Trust or the Sponsor, as determined by the Trust in its reasonable discretion. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, (a) any Person directly or indirectly owning, controlling or holding, with the power to vote, 10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person (b) any Person 10 or more of whose outstanding voting securities are directly or indirectly owned, controlled or held, with the power to vote, by such other Person (c) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other Person, including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner (d) any executive officer, director, trustee or general partner of such other Person and (e) any legal entity for which such Person acts as an executive officer, director, trustee or general partner. 
 Affiliated Person means any Trustee or officer of the Trust who is also an officer, employee or agent of the Sponsor or any of its Affiliates. 
 Aggregate Share Ownership Limit means 9.9 percent (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding Shares of all classes or series, or such other percentage determined by the Board in accordance with Section 8.1.8. 
 Anchor Investors mean, collectively, (i) the Sponsor Shareholder and (ii) The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 Beneficial Ownership means ownership of Shares by a Person, whether the interest in Shares is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Sections 856(h)(1)(B) and 856(h)(3) of the Code. The terms Beneficial Owner, Beneficially Owns, Beneficially Own and Beneficially Owned shall have the correlative meanings. 
 - 2 - 

Benefit Plan Investor means any holder of Shares that is (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to the provisions of Title I of ERISA (b) a Plan (c) an entity whose underlying assets include (or are deemed to include under ERISA or Section 4975(e) of the Code) assets of a Plan by reason of such Plan s investment in such entity or (d) any other entity that otherwise constitutes a benefit plan investor for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations. 
 Board means the Board of Trustees of the Trust. 
 Business Day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 Bylaws means the bylaws adopted in accordance herewith for the regulation and management of the affairs of the Trust. 
 Certificate means the Certificate of Trust filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland, as amended, restated or corrected from time to time. 
 Charitable Beneficiary means one or more beneficiaries of the Charitable Trust as determined pursuant to Section 8.2.7. 
 Charitable Trust means any trust provided for in Section 8.2.1. 
 Charitable Trustee means the Person that is not an Affiliate of the Trust or an Affiliate of any Prohibited Owner that is appointed by the Trust to serve as trustee of the Charitable Trust. 
 Class A Common Shares means Class A Common Shares of the Trust. 
 Class D Common Shares means Class D Common Shares of the Trust. 
 Class E Common Shares means Class E Common Shares of the Trust. 
 Class F-I Common Shares means Class F-I Common Shares of the Trust 
 Class I Common Shares means Class I Common Shares of the Trust. 
 Class S Common Shares means Class S Common Shares of the Trust. 
 Class T Common Shares means Class T Common Shares of the Trust. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Common Shares means common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per Share, of the Trust. 
 Common Share Ownership Limit means 9.9 percent (in value or in number of Common Shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the aggregate of the outstanding Common Shares, or such other percentage determined by the Board in accordance with Section 8.1.8. 
 Constructive Ownership means ownership of Shares by a Person, whether the interest in Shares is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 318(a) of the Code, as modified by Section 856(d)(5) of the Code. 
 - 3 - 

Conversion Event has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2. 
 Covered Person means (a) each Trustee, (b) the Sponsor, (c) the Adviser, (d) each equityholder, member, manager, director, officer, employee or agent of any Trustee or the Board and (e) each officer of the Trust. 
 Declaration of Trust means this Amended and Restated Declaration of the Trust, as it may hereafter be amended, supplemented or restated. 
 Dissolution Petition has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3. 
 Dissolution Petition Excluded Shareholders means (i) any Sponsor Shareholder, (ii) any Adverse Shareholder and (iii) only for so long as the Anchor Investors, excluding any Sponsor Shareholder, hold more than 50 of the outstanding Common Shares, Anchor Investors. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 Excepted Holder means a Person for whom an exemption is granted and or an Excepted Holder Limit is created by the Declaration of Trust or the Board pursuant to Section 8.1.7. 
 Excepted Holder Limit means, provided that the affected Excepted Holder agrees to comply with the requirements established by the Board pursuant to Section 8.1.7 and subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 8.1.8, the percentage limit established by the Board pursuant to Section 8.1.7. 
 Independent Trustee means a Trustee (a) who is not an officer or employee of the Trust, any subsidiary of the Trust, or the Sponsor or its Affiliates, (b) whom the Board affirmatively determines has no material relationship with the Trust and (c) who otherwise satisfies the director independence tests provided for in Section 303A.02 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual, as may be amended from time to time. 
 Individual means (a) an individual within the meaning of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code, as modified by Section 544 of the Code, and (b) any beneficiary of a qualified trust (as defined in Section 856(h)(3)(E) of the Code) which qualified trust is eligible for look-through treatment under Section 856(h)(3)(A) of the Code for purposes of determining whether a REIT is closely held under Section 856(a)(6) of the Code, in which case the qualified trust shall not be treated as an Individual. 
 Initial Date means the first date on which Shares are beneficially owned by at least 100 Persons. 
 Initial Retail Closing shall mean the initial closing of the Trust s continuous private offering pursuant to the PPM that includes non-Anchor Investors. 
 - 4 - 

Market Price on any date means, with respect to any class or series of outstanding Shares, the Closing Price for such Shares on such date. The Closing Price on any date shall mean the last sale price for such Shares, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for such Shares, in either case as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such Shares are listed or admitted to trading or, if such Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or, if such system is no longer in use, the principal other automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such Shares are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Shares selected by the Board or, in the event that no trading price is available for such Shares, the NAV of such Shares, as determined by the Board in accordance with the PPM. 
 MGCL means the Maryland General Corporation Law. 
 NAV means net asset value determined in accordance with the valuation guidelines that have been approved by the Board. 
 Organization and Offering Expenses means any and all costs and expenses incurred by the Trust in connection with the formation of the Trust and the marketing and distribution of Shares, including, without limitation, total underwriting and brokerage discounts and commissions, expenses for printing, engraving and amending the PPM or supplementing the PPM, mailing and distributing costs, salaries of employees while engaged in sales activity, telephone and other telecommunications costs, all advertising and marketing expenses (including design and website expenses and the costs related to investor and broker-dealer sales meetings), reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating broker-dealers supported by detailed and itemized invoices, expense reimbursements for actual costs incurred by employees of a dealer manager in the performance of wholesaling activities, charges of transfer agents, registrars, trustees (including the Board), subscription processing, escrow holders, depositories and experts and fees, expenses and taxes related to the filing, registration and qualification of the sale of the Shares under federal and state laws, including taxes and fees and accountants and attorneys fees. 
 Person means an Individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other entity and also includes a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and a group to which an Excepted Holder Limit applies. 
 Plan means, collectively, (a) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975(e) of the Code and (b) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to the provisions of Title I of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 et seq . issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 - 5 - 

Plan Assets mean plan assets as defined in the Plan Asset Regulations. 
 PPM means the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Trust, dated July 2024, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 Preferred Shares means preferred shares of beneficial interest of the Trust, par value 0.01 per Share. 
 Prohibited Owner means, with respect to any purported Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of Article VIII, would Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in violation of Article VIII, and if appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of Shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned. 
 REIT means a real estate investment trust within the meaning of Sections 856-859 of the Code. 
 Restriction Termination Date means the first day after the Initial Date on which the Board determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Trust to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions and limitations on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership and Transfers of Shares set forth herein is no longer required in order for the Trust to qualify as a REIT. 
 Shareholder means an owner of record of Shares. 
 Shareholder Agreement means any written agreement between a Shareholder and the Trust, including, but not limited to, a subscription agreement between the Trust and any Shareholder. 
 Shares means shares of beneficial interest of the Trust. 
 Sponsor means Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sponsor Shareholder means Principal Life Insurance Company or any entity that holds Shares for the account of Principal Life Insurance Company. 
 Transfer means any issuance, sale, transfer, gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event that causes any Person to acquire, or change its level of, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares or the right to vote (other than solely by revocable proxy) or receive dividends or other distributions on Shares, or any agreement to take any such actions or cause any such events, including (a) a change in the capital structure of the Trust, (b) a change in the relationship between two or more Persons that causes a change in ownership of Shares by application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h) of the Code, (c) the granting or exercise of any option or warrant (or any acquisition or disposition of any option or warrant), pledge, security interest, or similar right to acquire Shares, (d) any acquisition or disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for Shares or any interest in Shares or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (e) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, Constructively Owned or Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise. The terms Transfers, Transferring and Transferred shall have the correlative meanings. 
 - 6 - 

Trust means Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust. 
 Trustees means the trustees of the Trust. 
 Trust Property means any and all property of the Trust. 
 Upfront Sales Load means any upfront selling commission, dealer manager fee or other similar placement fees paid to the Trust or the Trust s dealer manager with respect to the Class A Common Shares, Class D Common Shares, Class E Common Shares, Class F-I Common Shares, Class I Common Shares, Class S Common Shares or Class T Common Shares, if any. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 BOARD OF TRUSTEES 
 Section 6.1 General Powers . Subject only to any limitations expressly set forth in the Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws, (a) the business and affairs of the Trust shall be managed exclusively by or under the direction of the Board, which shall be appointed and shall serve in accordance with the Declaration of Trust, (b) the Board shall have full, exclusive and absolute power, control and authority over the business and affairs of the Trust and Trust Property, and no Shareholder shall have any right to participate in or exercise control or management power over the business and affairs of the Trust, and (c) the Board shall have the exclusive power to take or authorize any action within the powers of the Trust under the Act, the Certificate, the Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws including, without limitation, the power to authorize or approve any action that would otherwise require the approval of one or more Shareholders under the Act. The Declaration of Trust shall be construed with the presumption in favor of the grant of power and authority to the Board. The enumeration and definition of particular powers of the Board included in the Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws shall in no way be limited or restricted by reference to or inference from the terms of this or any other provision of the Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or construed or deemed by inference or otherwise in any manner to exclude or limit the powers conferred upon the Board under the general laws of the State of Maryland or any other law. Any determination regarding any matter within the powers of the Board or any construction of the Certificate, the Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws (including any construction of the Certificate, the Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws regarding the scope of the powers of the Board) made by the Board shall be conclusive. 
 The Board, on behalf of the Trust, without any action by the Shareholders and without limitation, shall have the power to adopt, amend and repeal the Bylaws, which may contain any provisions not inconsistent with the Act, the Certificate or the Declaration of Trust to elect or appoint officers or other agents of the Trust in the manner provided in the Bylaws to solicit proxies from Shareholders to authorize the issuance of Shares in one or more classes and series to authorize the declaration and payment of distributions to cause the Trust to elect to qualify as a REIT and take such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to maintain such qualification to cause the Trust to cease to qualify, or attempt to qualify, as a REIT to determine that compliance with any restriction or limitation on ownership or transfer of Shares set forth in Article VIII of the Declaration of Trust is no longer required in order for the Trust to qualify as a REIT and to do any other act and authorize the Trust to do any other act or enter into any agreement or other document necessary or appropriate to exercise the powers or effectuate the purposes of the Trust. 
 - 7 - 

Section 6.2 Number and Qualifications . As of the date of this Declaration of Trust, the number of Trustees shall be five (5), which number may thereafter be increased or decreased only by the Board pursuant to the Bylaws. No reduction in the number of Trustees shall cause the removal of any Trustee from office prior to the expiration of his, her, or its term. 
 Section 6.3 Term and Election Sponsor Designation . Each Trustee shall serve until his or her resignation, removal, death or adjudication of legal incompetence or the election and qualification of his or her successor. If for any reason a Trustee ceases to serve as a Trustee as provided in this Section 6.3, his or her successor shall be elected by a majority of the remaining Trustees provided, that, following the Initial Retail Closing, if the Trustee that ceases to serve as a Trustee is an Independent Trustee, the successor to such Trustee shall be an Independent Trustee and shall be elected by a majority of the remaining Independent Trustees, or if none, then the remaining Trustees and further provided that, if the Trustee is removed for cause as set forth in Section 6.4 hereof, the successor to the Trustee shall be elected by the Shareholders in the manner set forth in Article VII. Following the Initial Retail Closing, for so long as the Sponsor or its Affiliate acts as investment adviser or manager to the Trust as permitted by Section 6.7 of this Declaration of Trust, the Sponsor shall have the right to designate two Trustees for election to the Board. Furthermore, following the Initial Retail Closing, the Board shall consult with the Sponsor in connection with filling of any vacancies created by the removal, resignation, retirement or death of any Trustee (other than in connection with a removal by Shareholders in accordance with Section 6.4). Except in the case of removal for cause as set forth above, or in the event that there are no Trustees, the Shareholders do not have the right to nominate or elect Trustees provided, that, prior to the Initial Retail Closing, the Sponsor Shareholder may remove and elect the replacement of any Trustee with or without cause. 
 Section 6.4 Resignation and Removal . Any Trustee may resign by delivering his or her written notice of resignation to the Board, effective upon execution and delivery of such notice or upon any future date specified in the notice. Any Trustee or the entire Board, may be removed, at any time, but only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of Shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter as set forth in Section 7.5. In addition, any Trustee may be removed, at any time, but only for cause by written instrument, signed by a majority of the Trustees, specifying the date when such removal shall become effective. For the purpose of this paragraph, cause shall mean, with respect to any particular Trustee, conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that such Trustee caused demonstrable, material harm to the Trust through bad faith or active and deliberate dishonesty. 
 Section 6.5 Determinations by Board . The determination as to any of the following matters by or pursuant to the direction of the Board and consistent with the Declaration of Trust, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Trust and every Shareholder the amount of the net income of the Trust for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, redemption of Shares or the payment of other distributions to the Shareholders the amount of paid-in surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other cash flow, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been paid or discharged) any interpretation or resolution of any ambiguity with respect to any provision of the Declaration of Trust (including any of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, 
 - 8 - 

restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any class or series of Shares) or of the Bylaws the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Trust or of any Shares the number of outstanding Shares at any time or from time to time the NAV of the Trust allocable to any class or series of Shares any matter relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of any assets by the Trust any interpretation of the terms and conditions of one or more agreements with any person, corporation, association, company, trust, partnership (limited or general) or other entity the compensation of Trustees, officers, employees or agents of the Trust or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Trust or required or permitted by law, the Declaration of Trust or otherwise to be determined by the Board. 
 Section 6.6 Legal Title . Legal title to all of the Trust Property shall at all times be vested in the Trust as a separate legal entity, except that the Board may cause legal title to any Trust Property to be held by, or in the name of one or more of the Trustees acting for and on behalf of the Trust, or in the name of any person as nominee acting for and on behalf of the Trust. No Shareholder shall be deemed to have a severable ownership interest in any individual asset of the Trust, or any right of partition or possession thereof, but each Shareholder shall have, except as otherwise provided for herein, a proportionate, undivided beneficial interest in the Trust. The Trust, or at the determination of the Board, one or more of the Trustees or a nominee acting for and on behalf of the Trust, shall be deemed to hold legal title and beneficial ownership of any income earned on securities of the Trust issued by any business entities formed, organized, or existing under the laws of any jurisdiction, including the laws of any foreign country. In the event that title to any part of the Trust Property is vested in one or more Trustees, the right, title and interest of the Trustees in the Trust Property shall vest automatically in each person who may hereafter become a Trustee upon his or her due election and qualification. Upon the resignation, death or incapacity of a Trustee, he, she, or it shall automatically cease to have any right, title or interest in any of the Trust Property, and the right, title and interest of such Trustee in the Trust Property shall vest automatically in the remaining Trustees. To the extent permitted by law, such vesting and cessation of title shall be effective whether or not conveyancing documents have been executed and delivered. 
 Section 6.7 Service Contracts . 
 (a) Advisory, Management and Administrative Services . Subject to such requirements as may be set forth under federal and or state law and in the Bylaws, the Board may, at any time and from time to time, contract for exclusive or non-exclusive advisory, management and or administrative services for the Trust or for any series or class of Shares with any corporation, trust, association, or other person and any such contract may contain such other terms as the Board may determine, including, without limitation, payment of fees and authority for the investment adviser to the Trust to supervise and direct the investment of all assets held, and to determine from time to time without prior consultation with the Board what investments shall be purchased, held, sold, or exchanged and what portion, if any, of the assets of the Trust shall be held uninvested and to make changes in the Trust s investments and authority for the investment adviser or the administrator of the Trust to delegate certain or all of its duties under such contracts to qualified investment advisers and administrators, or such other activities as may specifically be delegated to such party. 
 - 9 - 

(b) Underwriters . The Board may retain underwriters and or placement agents to sell Shares and other securities of the Trust. The Board may in its discretion from time to time authorize the Trust to enter into one or more contracts, providing for the sale of securities of the Trust, whereby the Trust may either agree to sell such securities to the other party to the contract or appoint such other party its sales agent for such securities. In either case, the contract shall be on such terms and conditions as the Board may in its discretion determine that are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article or the Bylaws and such contract may also provide for the repurchase or sale of securities of the Trust by such other party as principal or as agent of the Trust and may provide that such other party may enter into selected dealer agreements with registered securities dealers and brokers and servicing and similar agreements with persons who are not registered securities dealers to further the purposes of the distribution or repurchase of the securities of the Trust. Every such contract shall comply with such requirements and restrictions as may be set forth under federal and or state law or regulation and the Bylaws, and any such contract may contain such other terms as the Board may determine. 
 Section 6.8 ERISA Matters . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Declaration of Trust, the Board is authorized to take any action or refrain from taking any action which in its judgment is necessary or desirable in order to prevent the Trust or any of its assets from being deemed to constitute Plan Assets of any Benefit Plan Investor. 
 Section 6.9 REIT Qualification . If the Trust elects to qualify for federal income tax purposes as a REIT, the Board shall use its reasonable best efforts to take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the status of the Trust as a REIT however, if the Board determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Trust to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT, the Board may revoke or otherwise terminate the Trust s REIT election pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code. The Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, also may (a) determine that compliance with any restriction or limitation on Share ownership and transfers set forth in Article VIII is no longer required for REIT qualification and (b) make any other determination or take any other action pursuant to Article VIII. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
 Section 7.1 Authorized Shares . The beneficial interest in the Trust shall be divided into Shares. The Trust has authority to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares, an unlimited number of which are classified as Class A Common Shares, an unlimited number of which are classified as Class D Common Shares, an unlimited number of which are classified as Class E Common Shares, an unlimited number of which are classified as Class F-I Common Shares, an unlimited number of which are classified as Class I Common Shares, an unlimited number of which are classified as Class S Common Shares and an unlimited number of which are classified as Class T Common Shares, and an unlimited number of Preferred Shares. Subject to the relative rights of any other class or series of Common Shares or Preferred Shares designated from time to time, the Common Shares and Preferred Shares shall have all of the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of Common Shares or Preferred Shares as set forth herein. Subject to the provisions of Article VIII and the terms of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding, the Board may, by amendment to this Article VII or supplement of the Declaration of Trust and without any action by the Shareholders, classify or reclassify any unissued Shares from 
 - 10 - 

time to time and set or change the number, par value, designations, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of the class or series of Shares. If Shares of one class or series are classified or reclassified into Shares of another class or series pursuant to this Article VII, then, except to the extent that the Trust is authorized to issue an unlimited number of Shares of any such class or series, the number of authorized Shares of the former class or series shall be automatically decreased and the number of authorized Shares of the latter class or series shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of Shares so classified or reclassified. 
 Section 7.2 Authorization by Board of Share Issuance . The Board may authorize or cause the Trust to issue from time to time Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into Shares of any class or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, for such consideration, whether in cash, property, past or future services, obligation for future payment or otherwise, or without consideration (including in connection with a Share split or distribution of Shares), determined by the Board, subject to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the Certificate or the Declaration of Trust. 
 Section 7.3 Conversion of Class S Common Shares, Class T Common Shares, Class E Common Shares, Class F-I Common Shares and Class D Common Shares . At the Board s sole discretion, upon a determination by the Trust s dealer manager, transfer agent or other agent selected by the Board that total Upfront Sales Loads and ongoing servicing fees paid with respect to such Shares in a Shareholder s account would exceed a limit agreed upon between such dealer manager and an applicable participating broker-dealer, each applicable Class T Common Share, Class S Common Share and Class D Common Share held in a Shareholder s account may automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Class I Common Shares (including any fractional Shares) with an equivalent NAV as of the date of conversion as such Class T Common Shares, Class S Common Shares or Class D Common Shares. In addition, each Class A Common Share, Class E Common Share, Class F-I Common Share, Class T Common Share, Class D Common Share and Class S Common Share held in a Shareholder s account shall automatically convert into a number of Class I Common Shares (including any fractional Shares) with an equivalent NAV as of the date of conversion as such converting share on the earliest of (a) a listing of Class I Common Shares or (b) the Trust s merger or consolidation with or into another entity or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all Trust Property, other than in connection with a Conversion Event. 
 Section 7.4 Rights Upon Liquidation . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or any distribution of the assets of the Trust, the aggregate assets of the Trust available for distribution to holders of the Common Shares shall be determined in accordance with applicable law. Immediately before any liquidation, dissolution winding up, or any distribution of the assets of the Trust pursuant to a plan of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each Class T Common Share, Class A Common Share, Class E Common Share, Class F-I Common Share, Class S Common Share and Class D Common Share shall automatically convert to Class I Common Shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent NAV as of the date of conversion as such converting share. Following such conversion, the aggregate assets of the Trust available for distribution to holders of the Common Shares, or the proceeds therefrom, shall be distributed to each holder of Class I Common Shares ratably with each other holder of Class I Common Shares, in such proportion as the number of outstanding Class I Common Shares held by such holder bears to the total number of outstanding Class I Common Shares. 
 - 11 - 

Section 7.5 Voting Rights . Except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of Shares or as provided herein, each Share shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter upon which Shareholders are entitled to vote. If a Shareholder Agreement provides that a portion or all of the Shares held by a Shareholder are not entitled to be voted on any matter (including upon the occurrence of an event or during a specified time period), such Shares shall not be entitled to be voted on any such matter and shall not be counted in determining the total number of votes entitled to be cast on such matter. Except to the extent that the Trust directly or indirectly owns Shares in a fiduciary capacity, neither the Trust nor any entity of which the Trust is entitled to exercise a majority of the outstanding voting power may vote on any matter, and Shares held by the Trust or any such entity shall not be counted in determining the total number of votes entitled to be cast on any matter or at any time. Subject to the terms of any class or series of Shares then outstanding limiting or expanding the voting rights of such Shares, Shareholders shall be entitled to vote only on the following matters 
 (a) the removal of a Trustee for cause and the election of a successor Trustee as provided in Article VI provided, that if the Trustee so removed was designated by the Sponsor pursuant to Section 6.3, then the Sponsor shall have the exclusive right to designate a successor Trustee for election to the Board 
 (b) in the event that there are no Trustees, the election of Trustees 
 (c) the amendment of the Declaration of Trust, to the extent provided in Section 10.3 
 (d) the merger, consolidation or conversion of the Trust or the transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, to the extent provided in Article XI 
 (e) the dissolution of the Trust, to the extent provided in Section 12.2 and Section 12.3 and 
 (f) such other matters that the Board has submitted to the Shareholders for approval or ratification. 
 Except with respect to the foregoing matters, no action taken by the Shareholders shall in any way bind the Trust or the Board. Unless a different proportion is specified in the Certificate, the Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws (and notwithstanding any different proportion of votes that may be specified in the Act to approve any matter), the affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast in the election of a Trustee shall be sufficient to elect any Trustee, and the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of Shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter that may properly come before the Shareholders at such meeting. There shall be no requirement to hold an annual meeting of the Shareholders in any year. 
 - 12 - 

Section 7.6 Dividends and Other Distributions . The Board may from time to time authorize or cause the Trust to pay such dividends or other distributions to the Shareholders of any or all classes or series of Shares, in cash or other assets of the Trust or in securities of the Trust or from any other source as the Board shall determine, and the amount of such dividends or other distributions may vary between the classes or series of Shares. The Board shall endeavor to cause the Trust to declare and pay such dividends and other distributions as shall be necessary for the Trust to qualify under the Code as a REIT however, Shareholders shall have no right to any dividend or other distribution unless and until authorized by the Board and declared by the Trust. Before payment of any dividends or other distributions, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Trust available for dividends or other distributions such amounts as the Board may from time to time reserve for any Trust purpose, and the Board may modify or abolish any such reserve. Each dividend or other distribution pursuant to this Section 7.6 to the Shareholders of a particular class or series of Shares shall be made ratably according to the number of Shares of such class or series held by each Shareholder on the applicable record date thereof, provided that no dividend or other distribution need be made on Shares purchased pursuant to orders received, or for which payment is made, after such time or times as the Trustees may determine. Shareholders shall have no right to any dividend or other distribution unless and until authorized by the Board and declared by the Trust, and then only at the time and in the amount and form authorized by the Board. Any action by the Board to cause the Trust to declare or pay any dividend or other distribution shall be conclusive evidence of the authorization by the Board of such distribution. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board pursuant to this Section 7.6 shall be subject to the terms of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding. The receipt by any Person in whose name any Shares are registered on the records of the Trust or by his or her duly authorized agent shall be a sufficient discharge for all dividends or other distributions payable or deliverable in respect of such Shares and from all liability to see to the application thereof. 
 Section 7.7 Consent Dividends . If the Board determines that consent dividends (within the meaning of Section 565 of the Code) with respect to a taxable year are necessary or appropriate to ensure or maintain the qualification of the Trust as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes to avoid the imposition of any U.S. federal income or excise tax or for any other reason, the Board may require the holders of Common Shares and any other Persons to take any and all actions necessary or appropriate under the Code, any regulations promulgated thereunder, any court decision or any administrative interpretations of the U.S. Department of Treasury (including any U.S. Internal Revenue Service forms or other forms) to declare consent dividends sufficient to maintain REIT qualification and avoid U.S. federal income or excise tax or otherwise. 
 Section 7.8 General Nature of Shares . All Shares shall be personal property entitling the Shareholder only to those rights provided in the Certificate, the Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws. The rights of all Shareholders and the terms of all Shares are subject to the provisions of the Certificate, the Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws. The Shareholders shall have no interest in the property of the Trust and shall have no right to compel any partition, division, dividend or other distribution of the Trust or of the property of the Trust. The death of a Shareholder shall not terminate the Trust. The Trust is entitled to treat as Shareholders only those persons in whose names Shares are registered as holders of Shares on the beneficial interest ledger of the Trust. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Declaration of Trust, no determination shall be made by the Board nor shall any transaction be entered into by the Trust which would cause any Shares or other beneficial interest in the Trust not to constitute transferable shares or transferable certificates of beneficial interest under Section 856(a)(2) of the Code. Each Share, 
 - 13 - 

whether or not evidenced by a certificate, shall constitute a security within the meaning of, and governed by, (a) Article 8 of the Maryland Uniform Commercial Code (including Section 8-102(a)(l5) thereof) as in effect and as it may be amended or superseded from time to time, and (b) Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code of any other applicable jurisdiction that now or hereafter substantially includes the 1994 revisions to Article 8 thereof as adopted by the American Law Institute and the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws and approved by the American Bar Association on February 14, 1995 or any successor uniform act or law in effect in the State of Maryland from time to time. 
 Section 7.9 Fractional Shares . The Trust may, without the consent or approval of any Shareholder, issue fractional Shares, eliminate any outstanding fraction of a Share by rounding up to a full Share, arrange for the disposition of a fraction of a Share by the person entitled to it or pay cash for the fair value of a fraction of a Share. 
 Section 7.10 No Issuance of Share Certificates . Unless otherwise provided by the Board, the Trust shall not issue share certificates. A Shareholder s investment shall be recorded on the books of the Trust. To transfer his, her or its Shares, a Shareholder shall submit an executed form to the Trust, which form shall be provided by the Trust upon request. Such transfer will also be recorded on the books of the Trust. Upon issuance or transfer of Shares, the Trust will provide the Shareholder with information concerning his, her or its rights with regard to such Shares, as required by the Declaration of Trust, the Bylaws or applicable law. 
 Section 7.11 Minimum Account Repurchases . In the event that any holder of Common Shares fails to maintain in such holder s account a minimum balance of 500 of Common Shares or such other amount of Common Shares as from time to time determined by the Board (the Minimum Account Balance ), the Trust may repurchase all of the Common Shares held by such holder at the repurchase price in effect under the Repurchase Plan on the date that the Trust determines that such holder has failed to meet the Minimum Account Balance. 
 Section 7.12 Other Mandatory Repurchases . The Trust may, at the Board s sole discretion, repurchase all of a Shareholder s Shares, without the consent of such Shareholder, at a price per Share equal to the repurchase price in effect as of the date of such repurchase under the Repurchase Plan if continued ownership of Shares by a Shareholder may be harmful or injurious to the Trust s business or reputation or the business or reputation of the Board, the Sponsor or any of their Affiliates, or may subject the Trust or any Shareholder to an undue risk of adverse tax or other fiscal or regulatory consequences, including with respect to any applicable sanctions, anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist laws, rules, regulations, directives or special measures. 
 - 14 - 

ARTICLE VIII 
 RESTRICTIONS ON OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER OF SHARES 
 Section 8.1 Shares . 
 Section 8.1.1. Ownership Limitations . 
 (a) Basic Restrictions . 
 (i) (1) No Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit, (2) no Person, other than an Excepted Holder, shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Common Shares in excess of the Common Share Ownership Limit and (3) no Excepted Holder shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit applicable to such Excepted Holder. 
 (ii) No Person shall Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares to the extent that such Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares would result in the Trust being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT (including, but not limited to, Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership that would result in the Trust owning (actually or Constructively) an interest in a tenant that is described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code if the income derived by the Trust from such tenant would cause the Trust to fail to satisfy any of the gross income requirements of Section 856(c) of the Code). 
 (iii) Any Transfer of Shares that, if effective, would result in Shares being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 Persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) shall be void ab initio , and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such Shares. 
 (b) Transfer in Trust . If any Transfer of Shares occurs which, if effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning or Constructively Owning Shares in violation of Section 8.1.1(a)(i) or (ii), then that number of Shares the Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of which otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 8.1.1(a)(i) or (ii) (rounded up to the nearest whole Share) shall be automatically transferred to a Charitable Trust for the exclusive benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section 8.2, effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such Shares. If the transfer to the Charitable Trust described in this Section 8.1.1(b) would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 8.1.1(a)(i) or (ii), or would not prevent the Trust from failing to qualify as a REIT, then the Transfer of that number of Shares that otherwise would cause any Person to violate Section 8.1.1(a)(i) or (ii) shall be void ab initio, and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such Shares. 
 - 15 - 

To the extent that, upon a transfer of Shares pursuant to this Section 8.1.1(b), a violation of any provision of this Article VIII would nonetheless be continuing (for example where the ownership of Shares by a single Charitable Trust would violate the 100 shareholder requirement applicable to REITs), then Shares shall be transferred to that number of Charitable Trusts, each having a distinct Charitable Trustee and a Charitable Beneficiary or Beneficiaries that are distinct from those of each other Charitable Trust, such that there is no violation of any provision of this Article VIII. 
 Section 8.1.2. Remedies for Breach . If the Board or its designee (including any duly authorized committee of the Board) shall at any time determine that a Transfer or other event has taken place that results in a violation of Section 8.1.1 or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of any Shares that would result in a violation of Section 8.1.1 (whether or not such violation is intended), the Board or its designee shall take or cause to be taken such action as it deems necessary or advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event, including, without limitation, causing the Trust to redeem Shares, refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Trust or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event provided, however, that any Transfers or attempted Transfers or other events in violation of Section 8.1.1 shall automatically result in the transfer to the Charitable Trust described above, or, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be void ab initio as provided above irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board or its designee. 
 Section 8.1.3. Notice of Restricted Transfer . Any Person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares that will or may violate Section 8.1.1(a), or any Person who would have owned Shares that resulted in a transfer to the Charitable Trust pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.1.1(b), shall immediately give written notice to the Trust of such event or, in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and shall provide to the Trust such other information as the Trust may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Transfer on the Trust s qualification as a REIT. 
 Section 8.1.4. Owners Required To Provide Information . From the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date 
 (a) every owner of more than five percent (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder or as otherwise required by the Board) of the outstanding Shares, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, shall give written notice to the Trust stating the name and address of such owner, the number of Shares and other Shares Beneficially Owned and a description of the manner in which such shares are held provided , that a Shareholder of record who holds outstanding Shares as nominee for an Actual Owner, shall give written notice to the Trust stating the name and address of such Actual Owner and the number of shares of such Actual Owner with respect to which the Shareholder of record is nominee. Each such owner shall provide to the Trust such additional information as the Trust may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Beneficial Ownership on the Trust s qualification as a REIT and to ensure compliance with this Article VIII and 
 - 16 - 

(b) each Person who is a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner of Shares and each Person (including the Shareholder of record) who is holding Shares for a Beneficial Owner or Constructive Owner shall provide to the Trust such information as the Trust may request, in good faith, in order to determine the Trust s qualification as a REIT and to comply with requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 Section 8.1.5 Remedies Not Limited . Subject to Section 6.1, nothing contained in this Section 8.1 shall limit the authority of the Board to take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Trust and the interests of its Shareholders in preserving the Trust s qualification as a REIT. 
 Section 8.1.6 Ambiguity . In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Section 8.1, Section 8.2 or any definition contained in Article V, the Board shall have the power to determine the application of the provisions of this Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 with respect to any situation based on the facts known to it. In the event Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 requires an action by the Board and the Declaration of Trust fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board shall have the power to determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of Section 8.1 or Section 8.2. Absent a decision to the contrary by the Board (which the Board makes in its sole and absolute discretion), if a Person would have (but for the remedies set forth in Section 8.1.2) acquired Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of Shares in violation of Section 8.1.1, such remedies (as applicable) shall apply first to the Shares which, but for such remedies, would have been Beneficially Owned or Constructively Owned (but not actually owned) by such Person, pro rata among the Persons who actually own such Shares based upon the relative number of Shares held by each such Person. 
 Section 8.1.7 Exceptions . 
 (a) Subject to Section 8.1.1(a)(ii), the Board may exempt (prospectively or retroactively) a Person from the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or the Common Share Ownership Limit, or both, and may establish or increase an Excepted Holder Limit for such Person if 
 (i) the Board obtains such representations and undertakings from such Person as are reasonably necessary for the Board to ascertain that no individual s Beneficial Ownership or Constructive Ownership of such Shares will violate Section 8.1.1(a)(ii) 
 (ii) such Person does not and represents that it will not own, actually or Constructively, an interest in a tenant of the Trust (or a tenant of any entity owned or controlled by the Trust) that would cause the Trust to own, actually or Constructively, more than a 9.9 interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) in such tenant and the Board obtains representations and undertakings from such Person as are reasonably necessary to ascertain this fact (for this purpose, a tenant from whom the Trust (or an entity owned or controlled by the Trust) derives (and is expected to continue to derive) a sufficiently small amount of revenue such that, in the judgment of the Board, rent from such tenant would not adversely affect the Trust s ability to qualify as a REIT, shall not be treated as a tenant of the Trust) and 
 (iii) such Person agrees that any violation or attempted violation of such representations or undertakings (or other action which is contrary to the restrictions contained in Sections 8.1.1 through 8.1.6) will result in the Shares being automatically transferred to a Charitable Trust in accordance with Sections 8.1.1(b) and 8.2. 
 - 17 - 

(b) Prior to granting any exception pursuant to Section 8.1.7(a), the Board may require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board in its sole discretion, as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Trust s qualification as a REIT. Notwithstanding the receipt of any ruling or opinion, the Board may impose such conditions or restrictions as it deems appropriate in connection with granting such exception. 
 (c) Subject to Section 8.1.1(a)(ii), an underwriter, placement agent or an initial purchaser which participates in a public offering or a private placement of Shares (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own Shares (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or the Common Share Ownership Limit, or both such limits, but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering or private placement. 
 (d) The Board may only reduce the Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder (1) with the written consent of such Excepted Holder at any time, (2) unless the terms and conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into with such Excepted Holder in connection with the establishment of the Excepted Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder provide otherwise, at any time after the Excepted Holder no longer Beneficially Owns or Constructively Owns Shares in excess of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or the Common Share Ownership Limit or (3) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements and undertakings entered into with such Excepted Holder in connection with the establishment of the Excepted Holder Limit for that Excepted Holder. No Excepted Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less than the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit. 
 Section 8.1.8 Increase or Decrease in Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or the Common Share Ownership Limit . The Board may from time to time increase or decrease the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit and or the Common Share Ownership Limit for one or more Persons and increase or decrease the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit and or the Common Share Ownership Limit for all other Persons. No decreased Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or Common Share Ownership Limit will be effective for any Person whose percentage of ownership of Shares is in excess of such decreased Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or Common Share Ownership Limit, as applicable, until such time as such Person s percentage of ownership of Shares equals or falls below the decreased Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or Common Share Ownership Limit, as applicable provided, however , that any further acquisition of Shares by any such Person (other than a Person for whom an exemption has been granted pursuant to Section 8.1.7(a) or an Excepted Holder) in excess of the Shares owned by such person on the date the decreased Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or Common Share Ownership Limit became effective will be in violation of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or Common Share Ownership Limit. No increase of the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or Common Share Ownership Limit may be approved if the new Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or Common Share Ownership Limit would allow five or fewer Persons to Beneficially Own, in the aggregate more than 49.9 in value of the outstanding Shares or otherwise cause the Trust to fail to qualify as a REIT. Prior to increasing or decreasing the Aggregate Share Ownership Limit or Common Share Ownership Limit pursuant to this Section 8.1.8, the Board may require such opinions of counsel, affidavits, undertakings or agreements, in form and substance satisfactory to the Board, as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Trust s qualification as a REIT. 
 - 18 - 

Section 8.1.9 Legend . Each certificate or notice in lieu of any certificate, if any, for Shares shall bear a legend summarizing the restrictions on ownership and transfer contained herein. Instead of a legend, the certificate, if any, may state that the Trust will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a Shareholder on request and without charge. 
 Section 8.2. Transfer of Shares in Trust . 
 Section 8.2.1. Ownership in Trust . Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section 8.1.1 that would result in a transfer of Shares to a Charitable Trust, such Shares shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee as trustee of a Charitable Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. Such transfer to the Charitable Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the purported Transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the Charitable Trust pursuant to Section 8.1.1(b). The Charitable Trustee shall be appointed by the Trust and shall be a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Trust or an Affiliate of any Prohibited Owner. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Trust as provided in Section 8.2.7. 
 Section 8.2.2 Status of Shares Held by the Charitable Trustee . Shares held by the Charitable Trustee shall be issued and outstanding Shares. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the Shares held by the Charitable Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any Shares held in trust by the Charitable Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the Shares held in the Charitable Trust. The Prohibited Owner shall have no claim, cause of action, or any other recourse whatsoever against the purported transferor of such Shares. 
 Section 8.2.3. Dividend and Voting Rights . The Charitable Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to Shares held in the Charitable Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee shall be paid with respect to such Shares to the Charitable Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Charitable Trustee. Any dividends or other distributions so paid over to the Charitable Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary. The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to Shares held in the Charitable Trust and, subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee, the Charitable Trustee shall have the authority (at the Charitable Trustee s sole discretion) (a) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee and (b) to recast such vote in accordance with the desires of the Charitable Trustee acting for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary provided, however , that if the Trust has already taken irreversible trust action, then the Charitable Trustee shall not have the authority to rescind and recast such vote. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VIII, until the Trust has received notification that Shares have been transferred into a Charitable Trust, the Trust shall be entitled to rely on its Share transfer and other Shareholder records for purposes of preparing lists of Shareholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes of Shareholders. 
 - 19 - 

Section 8.2.4. Rights Upon Dissolution . Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of or any distribution of the assets of the Trust, the Charitable Trustee shall be entitled to receive, ratably with each other holder of Shares of the class or series of Shares that is held in the Charitable Trust, that portion of the assets of the Trust available for distribution to the holders of such class or series (determined based upon the ratio that the number of Shares of such class or series of Shares held by the Charitable Trustee bears to the total number of Shares of such class or series of Shares then outstanding). The Charitable Trustee shall distribute any such assets received in respect of the Shares held in the Charitable Trust in any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, or distribution of the assets of, the Trust in accordance with Section 8.2.5. 
 Section 8.2.5. Sale of Shares by Charitable Trustee . Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trust, the Charitable Trustee shall sell the Shares held in the Charitable Trust to a Person, designated by the Charitable Trustee, whose ownership of the Shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in Section 8.1.1(a). Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the Shares sold shall terminate and the Charitable Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section 8.2.5. The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the Shares or, if the event causing the Shares to be held in the Charitable Trust did not involve a purchase of such Shares at Market Price, the Market Price of the Shares on the day of the event causing the Shares to be held in the Charitable Trust and (2) the price per Share received by the Charitable Trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses) from the sale or other disposition of the Shares held in the Charitable Trust. The Charitable Trustee may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Charitable Trustee pursuant to Section 8.2.3. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner and any other amounts received by the Charitable Trustee with respect to such Shares shall be immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee, such Shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (a) such Shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Charitable Trust and (b) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such Shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 8.2.5, such excess shall be paid to the Charitable Trustee upon demand for payment to the Charitable Beneficiary. 
 Section 8.2.6. Purchase Right in Shares Transferred to the Charitable Trustee . Shares transferred to the Charitable Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Trust, or its designee, at a price per Share equal to the lesser of (a) the price per Share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the Charitable Trust (or, if the event that resulted in the Transfer to the Charitable Trust did not involve a purchase of such Shares at Market Price, the Market Price of such shares on the day of the event that resulted in the Transfer of such shares to the Charitable Trust) and (b) the Market Price on the date the Trust, or its designee, accepts such offer. The Trust may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Charitable Trustee pursuant to Section 8.2.3. The Trust may pay the amount of such reduction to the Charitable Trustee for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. The Trust shall have the right to accept such offer until the Charitable Trustee has sold the Shares held in the Charitable 
 - 20 - 

Trust pursuant to Section 8.2.5. Upon such a sale to the Trust, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the Shares sold shall terminate and the Charitable Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and any other amounts held by the Charitable Trustee with respect to such Shares to the Charitable Beneficiary. 
 Section 8.2.7 Designation of Charitable Beneficiaries . By written notice to the Charitable Trustee, the Trust shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary of the interest in the Charitable Trust such that (a) Shares held in the Charitable Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section 8.1.1(a) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary and (b) each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code. Neither the failure of the Trust to make such designation nor the failure of the Trust to appoint the Charitable Trustee before the automatic transfer provided for in Section 8.1.1 shall make such transfer ineffective, provided that the Trust thereafter makes such designation and appointment. 
 Section 8.3 Enforcement . The Trust is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Article VIII. 
 Section 8.4 Non-Waiver . No delay or failure on the part of the Trust or the Board in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Trust or the Board, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in writing. 
 Section 8.5 Severability . If any provision of this Article VIII or any application of any such provision is determined to be invalid by any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the issues, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected and other applications of such provisions shall be affected only to the extent necessary to comply with the determination of such court. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 LIABILITY OF SHAREHOLDERS, TRUSTEES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS AND TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN SUCH PERSONS AND THE TRUST 
 Section 9.1 Limitation of Shareholder Liability . No Shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to the Trust by reason of being a Shareholder, nor shall any Shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any Person in connection with the property or affairs of the Trust. 
 Section 9.2 Limitation of Trustee and Officer Liability . To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of trustees and officers of a statutory trust, no Covered Person shall be liable to the Trust or to any Shareholder for money damages. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Section 9.2, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Declaration of Trust inconsistent with this Section 9.2, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 - 21 - 

Section 9.3 Indemnification . To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, the Trust shall indemnify any Covered Person (including among the foregoing, for all purposes of this Article IX and without limitation, any individual or entity who, while serving as the Covered Person and, at the request of the Trust, serves or has served any other enterprise in any management or agency capacity) against any claim or liability to which such Covered Person may become subject by reason of such status, except for liability for such Covered Person s gross negligence or intentional misconduct. In addition, the Trust shall, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse, in advance of final disposition of a proceeding, reasonable expenses incurred by a present or former Covered Person or Shareholder made a party to or witness in a proceeding by reason such status, provided that, in the case of a Covered Person, the Trust shall have received (a) a written affirmation by the Covered Person of the Covered Person s good faith belief that the Covered Person has met the applicable standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Trust pursuant to this Section 9.3 and (b) a written undertaking by or on behalf of the Covered Person to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the Trust if it shall ultimately be determined that the applicable standard of conduct was not met. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trust shall not be required to indemnify or advance funds to any Person entitled to indemnification hereunder (x) with respect to a any action initiated or brought voluntarily by such indemnified Person (and not by way of defense) unless (I) approved or authorized by the Board or (II) incurred to establish or enforce such Person s right to indemnification hereunder, or (y) in connection with any claim with respect to which such Person is found to be liable to the Trust. 
 The Trust may, with the approval of the Board, provide or obligate itself to provide such indemnification or payment or reimbursement of expenses to any Person that served a predecessor of the Trust as a Covered Person or any employee or agent of the Trust or any predecessor of the Trust. 
 Except that no preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification shall be required for the payment or reimbursement of expenses, any indemnification or payment or reimbursement of the expenses permitted by the Declaration of Trust shall be furnished in accordance with the procedures provided for indemnification or advance or reimbursement of expenses, as the case may be, under Section 2-418 of the MGCL (or any successor provision thereto) for directors of Maryland corporations. 
 Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Declaration of Trust inconsistent with this Article, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding paragraph with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the Declaration of Trust shall vest immediately upon a Person or entity becoming a Covered Person or the acquisition of Shares by a Shareholder. 
 - 22 - 

Section 9.4 Transactions between the Trust and its Trustees, Officers, Employees and Agents . Subject to any express restrictions in the Certificate or the Declaration of Trust or adopted by the Board, the Trust may enter into any contract or transaction of any kind, including, without limitation, for the purchase or sale of property or for any type of services, including those in connection with the offer or sale of securities of the Trust, with any Person, including any Covered Person or employee or agent of the Trust or any Person Affiliated with a Covered Person or employee or agent of the Trust, whether or not any of them has a financial interest in such transaction. The procedures and presumptions set forth in Section 2-419 of the MGCL (or any successor provision thereto) shall be available for and apply to any contract or other transaction between the Trust and any Trustee or between the Trust and any other trust, corporation, firm or other entity in which a Trustee is a trustee or director or has a material financial interest. 
 Section 9.5 Duties of Trustees, Officers and Agents . Any Covered Person may have business interests and engage in business activities similar, in addition to or in competition with those of or relating to the Trust. Each Trustee shall have the duties set forth in Section 12-402(b) of the Act. No Trustee shall have any duties, including fiduciary duties under the common law of trusts, or be subject to any duties or other standard of conduct, other than as set forth in the preceding sentence. Any action or failure to act by the Trustee shall be presumed to be in accordance with the duties described in this Section 9.5, and any Person alleging the contrary shall bear the burden of proof that the action or failure to act was not consistent with such duties. Each Trustee or officer shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Trust, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Trust whom the Trustee or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented or by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other Person as to a matter which the Trustee or officer reasonably believes to be within the Person s professional or expert competence. 
 Section 9.6 Corporate Opportunities . If any Affiliated Person of the Trust or the Sponsor or any of its Affiliates acquires knowledge of a potential business opportunity, the Trust renounces, on its behalf and on behalf of its subsidiaries, any potential interest or expectation in, or right to be offered or to participate in, such business opportunity to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Maryland law. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Maryland law, (a) no Affiliated Person is required to present, communicate or offer any business opportunity to the Trust or any of its subsidiaries and (b) the Affiliated Person, on his or her own behalf or on behalf of the Sponsor or any of its Affiliates, shall have the right to hold and exploit any business opportunity, or to direct, recommend, offer, sell, assign or otherwise transfer such business opportunity to any person or entity other than the Trust and its subsidiaries. 
 The taking by an Affiliated Person for himself or herself, or the offering or other transfer to another person or entity, of any potential business opportunity whether pursuant to the Declaration of Trust or otherwise, shall not constitute or be construed and interpreted as an act or omission of gross negligence or intentional misconduct. 
 - 23 - 

ARTICLE X 
 AMENDMENT 
 Section 10.1 General . The Trust reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the Certificate or the Declaration of Trust now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Declaration, of any outstanding Shares. The Certificate or the Declaration of Trust may be amended only as provided in this Article X. The merger or consolidation of the Trust with another Person, the dissolution of the Trust or any other transaction between the Trust and another Person in which the Trust does not survive as a separate entity shall not be considered an amendment to the Declaration of Trust for purposes of this Article X. 
 Section 10.2 By Board . Except as expressly provided in the Certificate, Section 10.3 or in the terms of any class or series of Shares, the Declaration of Trust may be amended by the Board, without any action by the Shareholders. Except as may otherwise be expressly provided in the Certificate, the Certificate may be amended only by the Board, without any action or approval by the Shareholders, including, but not limited to, amendments for clarity, that cure any ambiguity, or cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein, or that add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Declaration of Trust as the Board may deem necessary or desirable and that the Board determines does not materially and adversely affect the contract rights of outstanding Shares. 
 Section 10.3 By Shareholders . Amendments to the Declaration of Trust that the Board determines would, viewed as a whole, materially and adversely affect the contract rights of outstanding Shares, but excluding amendments of the type specified in (a) Section 7.1 and Section 11.2 of the Declaration of Trust or (b) Section 2-605 of the MGCL (both of which shall not require approval of any Shareholder), must be approved by the Board and Shareholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 ARTICLE XI 
 MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR SALE OF TRUST PROPERTY CONVERSION EVENT 
 Section 11.1 General . The Trust may (a) merge with or into or convert into another entity, (b) consolidate with one or more other entities into a new entity or (c) transfer all or substantially all of its assets to another person. Subject to the terms of any series or class of Shares at the time outstanding, any such action must be approved by the Board and, unless (i) such action could be taken by a Maryland corporation without the approval of its stockholders pursuant to Subtitle 1 of Title 3 of the MGCL or (ii) such action is in connection with a Conversion Event, Shareholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transfer of all or substantially all of the Trust s assets to another Person in connection with a dissolution of the Trust as approved by the Board pursuant to Section 12.2 of this Declaration of Trust shall not require the approval of the Shareholders. 
 - 24 - 

Section 11.2 Conversion Event . The Board may determine, without any action by the Shareholders, that the Trust will conduct a public offering as a non-listed real estate investment trust subject to the Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts published by the North American Securities Administrators Association on May 7, 2007, as amended from time to time. In connection with such determination and the conduct of such public offering, the Board (a) may amend this Declaration of Trust and (b) may cause the Trust to (i) merge with or into or convert into another entity, (ii) consolidate with one or more other entities into a new entity or (iii) transfer all or substantially all of its assets to another entity (in each case, a Conversion Event ). The Board may take all actions that are required to effect a Conversion Event without any action by the Shareholders. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 DURATION OF TRUST 
 Section 12.1 Duration . The Trust shall continue perpetually unless dissolved pursuant to Section 12.2 or pursuant to any applicable provision of the Act. No Shareholder or other Person shall have any right to petition a court for judicial dissolution of the Trust. 
 Section 12.2 Dissolution . Subject to the terms of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding, the Trust may be dissolved with the approval of (a) the Board or (b) the Shareholders at a meeting of Shareholders duly called for the purpose of voting on a Dissolution Petition (as defined below) in the manner provided in the Bylaws provided that any Shares held by a Sponsor Shareholder shall not be entitled to vote on a Dissolution Petition and shall be excluded in determining whether the requisite vote has been obtained in respect of the Dissolution Petition. 
 Section 12.3 Dissolution Petition . The secretary of the Trust shall call a special meeting of Shareholders in the manner set forth in the Bylaws, upon the written request of Shareholders (excluding Common Shares held by the Dissolution Petition Excluded Shareholders) entitled to cast at least 10 of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, to solicit the votes of the Shareholders to approve the dissolution of the Trust (a Dissolution Petition ). Upon the affirmative vote of a majority of Shareholders (excluding Common Shares held by the Dissolution Petition Excluded Shareholders) entitled to cast votes on the Dissolution Petition, the Board shall dissolve the Trust in a manner consistent with the Trustees duties to the Trust. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Dissolution Petition shall be required to be submitted to the Shareholders for consideration as set forth in this Section 12.3 if a Dissolution Petition was previously submitted to the Trust within the preceding (a) twelve months and less than 15 of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter were voted in favor of such Dissolution Petition (b) nine months and less than 25 of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter were voted in favor of such Dissolution Petition or (c) six months and less than 40 of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter were voted in favor of such Dissolution Petition. In accordance with any Dissolution Petition as set forth in this Section 12.3, Shareholders shall be entitled to inspect the Trust s books and records as set forth in Section 14.2. 
 - 25 - 

ARTICLE XIII 
 CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
 Section 13.1 Sales and Leases to the Trust . Following the Initial Retail Closing, the Trust may purchase or lease an asset or assets from the Sponsor, a Trustee or any Affiliate thereof only upon a finding by a majority of Trustees (including a majority of Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in the transaction that such transaction is fair and reasonable to the Trust and at a price to the Trust no greater than the cost of the asset to such Sponsor, Trustee or affiliate or, if the price to the Trust is in excess of such cost, that substantial justification for such excess exists and such excess is reasonable. Following the Initial Retail Closing, in no event shall the purchase price paid by the Trust for any such asset exceed the asset s current appraised value. 
 Section 13.2 Sales and Leases to the Sponsor, Trustee or Affiliates . Following the Initial Retail Closing, the Sponsor, a Trustee or any affiliate thereof may purchase or lease an asset or assets from the Trust only if a majority of Trustees (including a majority of Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in the transaction determine that the transaction is fair and reasonable to the Trust. 
 Section 13.3 Other Transactions . 
 (a) Following the Initial Closing, the Trust may make loans to the Sponsor, a Trustee or any Affiliate thereof (except (a) mortgages loans and (b) loans to wholly owned subsidiaries of the Trust, each of which, for the avoidance of doubt, do not require approval of the Board or the Independent Trustees) only if a majority of Trustees (including a majority of Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in the transaction determine that the transaction is fair and reasonable to the Trust. This restriction on loans applies only to advances of cash that are commonly viewed as loans, as determined by the Board, and does not apply to advances of cash for legal expenses or other costs incurred as a result of any legal action for which indemnification is being sought nor does it limit the Trust s ability to advance reimbursable expenses incurred by Trustees or officers or the Sponsor or its Affiliates. 
 (b) Following the Initial Closing, the Trust may not borrow money from the Sponsor, a Trustee or any Affiliate thereof, unless approved by a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in such transaction as fair, competitive, and commercially reasonable, and no less favorable to the Trust than comparable loans between unaffiliated third parties under the same circumstances. 
 (c) Following the Initial Closing, the Trust may not invest in joint ventures with the Sponsor, one or more Trustees or any Affiliate thereof, unless a majority of Trustees (including a majority of Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in the transaction approve such investment as being fair and reasonable to the Trust and on substantially the same terms and conditions as, or more favorable than, those received by other joint venturers. 
 (d) Following the Initial Closing, the Trust may not engage in any other transaction with the Sponsor, a Trustee or any Affiliate thereof unless a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in such transaction approve such transaction as fair and reasonable to the Trust and on terms and conditions no less favorable to the Trust than those available from unaffiliated third parties. 
 - 26 - 

ARTICLE XIV 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 14.1 Certificate of Trust . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Certificate and the Declaration of Trust, the provisions of the Certificate shall control. 
 Section 14.2 Inspection . Any Shareholder shall be entitled to examine the Trust s books and records to the extent permitted by Section 12-305(a) of the Act, but only if, and to the extent, approved by the Board. In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with any Dissolution Petition as set forth in Section 12.3, any Shareholder shall be entitled to examine the Trust s books and records at the Trust s principal office during usual business hours and within a reasonable time (not to exceed 30 days) following such Shareholder s written request to the Trust of the same provided the Trust may exclude any Adverse Shareholder from accessing the Trust s books and records. 
 Section 14.3. Rights of Objecting Shareholders Derivative Claims . Shareholders shall not be entitled to exercise any appraisal rights or rights analogous to those of an objecting stockholder provided for under Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL (or any successor provision thereto). A Shareholder shall not be entitled to recover a judgment in favor of the Trust, assert any claim in the name of the Trust or bring any other action that is derivative in nature without the approval of the Board. 
 Section 14.4 Organization and Offering Expenses . The Trust may reimburse the Board or the Sponsor for Organization and Offering Expenses incurred by the Board or the Sponsor in connection with any offering of Shares, on an accountable or nonaccountable basis. 
 Section 14.5 Governing Law . The rights of all parties and the validity, construction and effect of every provision of the Declaration of Trust shall be subject to and construed according to the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof. 
 - Signature Page Follows - 
 - 27 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust has been executed by the undersigned Trustees to be effective as of the date and year first above written. 
 s John T. Berg John T. Berg s Rohit Vohra Rohit Vohra s Richard Jones Richard Jones s Jennifer Pedigo Jennifer Pedigo s Andrea Balkan Andrea Balkan 
 
 Signature page to Declaration of Trust 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 exhibit41-sharerepurchasep.htm
 PCREI TRUST SHARE REPURCHASE PLAN 111124

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST 
 Share Repurchase Plan (this Plan 
 Effective as of November 11, 2024 
 Definitions 
 Adviser Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC. 
 Anchor Investors shall mean, collectively, Principal Life and that certain life insurance company and or its affiliates, each of which is subject to a subscription agreement with the Company providing for the purchase of Class A common shares. 
 Class A common shares shall mean the Company s common shares of beneficial interest classified as Class A. 
 Class D common shares shall mean the Company s common shares of beneficial interest classified as Class D. 
 Class E common shares shall mean the Company s common shares of beneficial interest classified as Class E. 
 Class F-I common shares shall mean the Company s common shares of beneficial interest classified as Class F-I. 
 Class I common shares shall mean the Company s common shares of beneficial interest classified as Class I. 
 Class S common shares shall mean the Company s common shares of beneficial interest classified as Class S. 
 Class T common shares shall mean the Company s common shares of beneficial interest classified as Class T. 
 Company shall mean Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, a Maryland statutory trust. 
 Dealer Manager shall mean Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. 
 Initial Capitalization shall mean the Anchor Investors agreement to purchase from the Company an aggregate amount of not less than 150 million in Class A common shares, at a price per share equal to the Company s most recently determined NAV of its Class A common shares, or if a NAV has yet to be calculated, then 20.00. 
 NAV shall mean the net asset value of the Company attributable to its Shareholders or the net asset value of a class of its shares, as the context requires, determined in accordance with the Company s Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines as described in the Company s Private Placement Memorandum, as may be amended and or supplemented from time to time. 
 Shareholders shall mean the holders of Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I, Class F-I, Class A and Class E shares. 
 Principal Life shall mean Principal Life Insurance Company and or its affiliates. 
 Transaction Price shall mean the repurchase price per share for each class of common shares, which shall be equal to the then-current offering price before applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. 

Share Repurchase Plan 
 Shareholders may request that the Company repurchase the Company s common shares through their investment professional or directly with the Company s transfer agent. The procedures relating to the repurchase of the Company s common shares are as follows 
 Certain broker-dealers require that their clients process repurchases through their broker-dealer, which may impact the time necessary to process such repurchase request, impose more restrictive deadlines than described under this Plan, impact the timing of a Shareholder receiving repurchase proceeds and require different paperwork or process than described in this Plan. Shareholders should contact their broker-dealer first if they want to request the repurchase of their common shares. 
 Under this Plan, to the extent the Company chooses to repurchase common shares in any particular calendar quarter, the Company will only repurchase common shares following the close of business as of the last business day of that calendar quarter (each such date, a Repurchase Date ). To have common shares repurchased, a Shareholder s repurchase request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4 00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the second to last business day of the applicable calendar quarter. Settlements of share repurchases will be generally made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Company s transfer agent will be effected at a repurchase price equal to the Transaction Price on the applicable Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to the Company s prior month s NAV per share), subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 A Shareholder may withdraw his or her repurchase request by completing a repurchase withdrawal form and sending the form to the transfer agent, directly or through the Shareholder s financial intermediary, or directly on the Company s toll-free, automated telephone line at 800-787-1621, Option 2. Repurchase requests must be cancelled before 4 00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the last business day of the applicable quarter . 
 If a repurchase request is received after 4 00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the second to last business day of the applicable calendar quarter, the repurchase request will be executed, if at all, on the next calendar quarter s Repurchase Date at the Transaction Price applicable to that calendar quarter (subject to any Early Repurchase Deduction), unless such request is withdrawn prior to the repurchase. Repurchase requests received and processed by the Company s transfer agent on a business day, but after the close of business on that day or on a day that is not a business day, will be deemed received on the next business day. All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of repurchase requests and notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Company, in the Company s sole discretion, and such determination shall be final and binding. 
 Repurchase requests may be made by mail or by contacting a Shareholder s financial intermediary, both subject to certain conditions described in this Plan. If making a repurchase request by contacting a Shareholder s financial intermediary, a Shareholder s financial intermediary may require a Shareholder to provide certain documentation or information. If making a repurchase request by mail to the transfer agent, a Shareholder must complete and sign a repurchase authorization form, which can be found at the end of this Plan. Written requests should be sent to the transfer agent at the following address 
 2 

Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust c o SS&C GIDS, Inc., as Processing Agent PO BOX 219016 Kansas City, MO 64121-9016 Overnight Address Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust c o SS&C GIDS, Inc. as Processing Agent 801 Pennsylvania Ave Suite 219016 Kansas City, MO 64105-1407 Toll Free Number 800-787-1621, Option 2 
 Corporate investors and other non-individual entities must have an appropriate certification on file authorizing repurchases. A signature guarantee may be required. 
 For processed repurchases, repurchase proceeds are to be paid by the instructions on file with the transfer agent. Shareholders should check with their broker-dealer that such payment may be made via check or wire transfer, as further described below. 
 Shareholders may also receive repurchase proceeds via wire transfer, provided that wiring instructions for their brokerage account or designated U.S. bank account are provided. For all repurchases paid via wire transfer, the funds will be wired to the account on file with the transfer agent or, upon instruction, to another financial institution provided that the Shareholder has made the necessary funds transfer arrangements. The customer service representative can provide detailed instructions on establishing funding arrangements and designating a bank or brokerage account on file. Funds will be wired only to U.S. financial institutions (ACH network members). 
 A medallion signature guarantee will be required in certain circumstances. The medallion signature process protects Shareholders by verifying the authenticity of a signature and limiting unauthorized fraudulent transactions. A medallion signature guarantee may be obtained from a domestic bank or trust company, broker-dealer, clearing agency, savings association or other financial institution which participates in a medallion program recognized by the Securities Transfer Association. The three recognized medallion programs are the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the Stock Exchanges Medallion Program and the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. Medallion Signature Program. Signature guarantees from financial institutions that are not participating in any of these medallion programs will not be accepted. A notary public cannot provide signature guarantees. The Company reserves the right to amend, waive or discontinue this policy at any time and establish other criteria for verifying the authenticity of any repurchase or transaction request. The Company may require a medallion signature guarantee if, among other reasons (1) the amount of the repurchase request is over 500,000 (2) you wish to have repurchase proceeds transferred by wire to an account other than the designated bank or brokerage account on file for at least 30 days or sent to an address other than your address of record for the past 30 days or (3) the Company s transfer agent cannot confirm your identity or suspects fraudulent activity. 
 If a Shareholder has made multiple purchases of the Company s common shares, any repurchase request will be processed on a first in first out basis unless otherwise requested in the repurchase request. 
 3 

Minimum Account Repurchases 
 In the event that any Shareholder fails to maintain the minimum balance of 500 of common shares, the Company may repurchase all of the Company s common shares held by that Shareholder at the repurchase price in effect on the date the Company determines that the Shareholder has failed to meet the minimum balance, less any Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 Minimum account repurchases will apply even in the event that the failure to meet the minimum balance is caused solely by a decline in the Company s NAV. Minimum account repurchases are subject to the Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 Sources of Funds for Repurchases 
 The Company may fund repurchase requests from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, borrowings, offering proceeds (including from sales of the Company s common shares), the sale of the Company s assets, and repayments of the Company s real estate debt investments, and the Company has no limits on the amounts the Company may fund from such sources. 
 Repurchase Limitations 
 The Company may repurchase fewer common shares than have been requested in any particular calendar quarter to be repurchased under this Plan, or none at all, in the Company s discretion at any time. In addition, the aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-I shares, Class E shares and Class A shares (including repurchases at certain non-U.S. investor access funds primarily created to hold the Company s common shares but excluding any Early Repurchase Deduction applicable to the repurchased common shares) will be limited to no more than 5 of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding month). 
 In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the Company s common shares submitted for repurchase during any calendar quarter , common shares submitted for repurchase during such calendar quarter will be repurchased on a pro rata basis after the Company has repurchased all common shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death, disability or divorce and other limited exceptions. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next calendar quarter, or upon the recommencement of this Plan, as applicable. 
 In the unlikely case that the repurchase price for the applicable calendar quarter is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of such quarter (or is changed after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such calendar quarter and shareholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following calendar quarter must resubmit their repurchase requests. 
 Should repurchase requests, in the Company s judgment, place an undue burden on the Company s liquidity, adversely affect the Company s operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should the Company otherwise determine that investing the Company s liquid assets in commercial real estate debt investments or other investments rather than repurchasing the Company s common shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, the Company may choose to repurchase fewer common shares in any particular calendar quarter than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Company s board of trustees may make exceptions to, modify or suspend this Plan if in its reasonable determination it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest. Material modifications, including any amendment to the 5 quarterly limitation on repurchases, to and suspensions of this Plan will be promptly disclosed to Shareholders investment professionals. In addition, the Company may determine to suspend this Plan due to regulatory changes, changes in law or if the Company becomes aware of undisclosed material information that the Company believes should be publicly disclosed before common shares are repurchased. Once this Plan is suspended, the Company must consider the recommencement of this Plan at least quarterly. Continued suspension of this Plan is only be permitted if the Company s board of trustees determines that the continued suspension of this Plan is in the Company s best interest. The Company s board of trustees must affirmatively authorize the 
 4 

recommencement of this Plan before Shareholder requests will be considered again. The Company s board of trustees cannot terminate this Plan absent a liquidity event which results in the Company s Shareholders receiving cash or securities listed on a national securities exchange or where otherwise required by law. 
 Common shares held by (1) the Adviser acquired as payment of the Adviser s management fee or performance fee and (2) held by the Anchor Investors that were issued in the Initial Capitalization will not be subject to this Plan, including the repurchase limits and any Early Repurchase Deduction, and will not be subject to the calculation of NAV for purposes of this Plan s quarterly limit. Shareholders who are exchanging a class of the Company s common shares for an equivalent aggregate NAV of another class of the Company s common shares will not be subject to, and will not be treated as repurchases for the calculation of, the 5 quarterly limitation on repurchases and will not be subject to the Early Repurchase Deduction. 
 Early Repurchase Deduction 
 There is no minimum holding period for the Company s common shares and Shareholders can request that the Company repurchase their common shares at any time. However, subject to limited exceptions, common shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 95 of the Transaction Price. The one-year holding period is measured from the first calendar day of the month in which the shares were issued to the subscription closing date immediately following the prospective repurchase date. This Early Repurchase Deduction will also generally apply to minimum account repurchases. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to common shares acquired through the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. 
 The Early Repurchase Deduction will inure indirectly to the benefit of the Company s remaining Shareholders and is intended to offset the trading costs, market impact and other costs associated with short-term trading in the Company s common shares. The Company may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in the following circumstances (subject to the conditions described below) 
 repurchases resulting from death or qualifying disability or 
 in the event that a Shareholder s common shares are repurchased because the Shareholder has failed to maintain the 500 minimum account balance. 
 As set forth above, the Company may waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in respect of repurchase of common shares resulting from the death or qualifying disability (as such term is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code) of a Shareholder who is a natural person, including common shares held by such Shareholder through a trust or an IRA or other retirement or profit-sharing plan, after (i) in the case of death, receiving written notice from the estate of the Shareholder, the recipient of the Company s common shares through bequest or inheritance, or, in the case of a trust, the trustee of such trust, who shall have the sole ability to request repurchase on behalf of the trust, or (ii) in the case of qualified disability, receiving written notice from such Shareholder along with a physician s certification of disability as defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code, provided that the condition causing the qualifying disability was not pre-existing on the date that the Shareholder became a Shareholder. The Company must receive the written repurchase request within 12 months after the death of the Shareholder or the initial determination of the Shareholder s disability in order for the requesting party to rely on any of the special treatment described above that may be afforded in the event of the death or disability of a Shareholder. In the case of death, such a written request must be accompanied by a certified copy of the official death certificate of the Shareholder. If spouses are joint registered holders of common shares, the request to have the Company s common shares repurchased may be made if either of the registered holders dies or acquires a qualified disability. If the Shareholder is not a natural person, such as certain trusts or a partnership, corporation or other similar entity, the right to waiver of the Early Repurchase Deduction upon death or disability does not apply. 
 5 

In addition, common shares are sold to certain feeder vehicles primarily created to hold the Company s common shares that in turn offer interests in such feeder vehicles to non-U.S. persons. For such feeder vehicles and similar arrangements in certain markets, the Company may agree not apply the Early Repurchase Deduction to the feeder vehicles or underlying investors, often because of administrative or systems limitations. 
 Items of Note 
 When Shareholders make a request to have common shares repurchased, Shareholders should note the following 
 if Shareholders are requesting that some but not all of their common shares be repurchased, Shareholders should keep their balance above 500 to avoid minimum account repurchase, if applicable 
 Shareholders will not receive interest on amounts represented by uncashed repurchase checks 
 under applicable anti-money laundering regulations and other federal regulations, repurchase requests may be suspended, restricted or canceled and the proceeds may be withheld and 
 all common shares requested to be repurchased must be beneficially owned by the Shareholder of record making the request or his or her estate, heir or beneficiary, or the party requesting the repurchase must be authorized to do so by the Shareholder of record of the Company s common shares or his or her estate, heir or beneficiary, and such common shares must be fully transferable and not subject to any liens or encumbrances. In certain cases, the Company may ask the requesting party to provide evidence satisfactory to the Company that the Company s common shares requested for repurchase are not subject to any liens or encumbrances. If the Company determines that a lien exists against the Company s common shares, the Company will not be obligated to repurchase any common shares subject to the lien. 
 IRS regulations require the Company to determine and disclose on Form 1099-B the adjusted cost basis for the Company s common shares sold or repurchased. The Company will utilize the first-in-first-out method for determining the adjusted cost basis. 
 Frequent Trading and Other Policies 
 The Company may reject for any reason, or cancel as permitted or required by law, any purchase orders for the Company s common shares. For example, the Company may reject any purchase orders from market timers or investors that, in the Company s opinion, may be disruptive to the Company s operations. Frequent purchases and sales of the Company s common shares can harm Shareholders in various ways, including reducing the returns to long-term Shareholders by increasing the Company s costs, disrupting portfolio management strategies and diluting the value of the Company s common shares of long-term Shareholders. 
 In general, Shareholders may request that the Company repurchase their common shares once every 90 days. However, the Company prohibits frequent trading. The Company defines frequent trading as follows 
 any Shareholder who requests that the Company repurchase common shares within 30 calendar days of the purchase of such common shares 
 transactions deemed harmful or excessive by the Company (including, but not limited to, patterns of purchases and repurchases), in the Company s sole discretion and 
 transactions initiated by financial advisors, among multiple Shareholder accounts, that in the aggregate are deemed harmful or excessive. 
 6 

The following are excluded when determining whether transactions are excessive 
 purchases and requests for repurchase of the Company s common shares in the amount of 2,500 or less 
 purchases or repurchases initiated by the Company and 
 transactions subject to the trading policy of an intermediary that the Company deem materially similar to the Company s policy. 
 At the Dealer Manager s discretion, upon the first violation of the policy in a calendar year, purchase and repurchase privileges may be suspended for 90 days. Upon a second violation in a calendar year, purchase and repurchase privileges may be suspended for 180 days. On the next business day following the end of the 90 or 180 day suspension, any transaction restrictions placed on a Shareholder may be removed. 
 Mail and Telephone Instructions 
 The Company and the Company s transfer agent will not be responsible for the authenticity of mail or phone instructions or losses, if any, resulting from unauthorized Shareholder transactions if they reasonably believe that such instructions were genuine. The Company s transfer agent has established reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions are genuine including requiring the Shareholder to provide certain specific identifying information on file and sending written confirmation to Shareholders of record. Shareholders, or their designated custodian or fiduciary, should carefully review such correspondence to ensure that the instructions were properly acted upon. If any discrepancies are noted, the Shareholder, or its agent, should contact his, her or its investment professional as well as the Company s transfer agent in a timely manner, but in no event more than 60 days from receipt of such correspondence. Failure to notify such entities in a timely manner will relieve the Company, the Company s transfer agent and the investment professional of any liability with respect to the discrepancy. 
 7 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.2>
 4
 exhibit42-distributionrein.htm
 PCREI TRUST DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN 111124

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN 
 Effective November 11, 2024 
 This Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the Plan is adopted by Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, a Maryland statutory trust (the Trust ), with respect to cash distributions declared by its Board of Trustees on the Trust s common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share Common Shares ), which are classified as Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-I Shares, Class A shares and Class E shares. 
 1. Distribution Reinvestment. As agent for the shareholders (the Shareholders of the Trust who purchase Common Shares pursuant to the Trust s continuous private offering or any future private offering of the Trust (the Offering ), and who do not opt out of participating in the Plan (the Participants ), the Trust will apply all dividends and other distributions declared and paid in respect of the Common Shares held by each Participant and attributable to the class of Common Shares purchased by such Participant (the Distributions ), including Distributions paid with respect to any full or fractional Common Shares acquired under the Plan, to the purchase of additional Common Shares of the same class for such Participant. 
 2. Effective Date. The effective date of this Plan shall be November 11, 2024. 
 3. Procedure for Participation. Any Shareholder who has received the Trust s Private Placement Memorandum, as amended and or supplemented from time to time (the Memorandum ), will automatically become a Participant unless they elect not to become a Participant by noting such election on their subscription agreement provided, however that any Shareholder who is a client of a participating broker-dealer that requires affirmative enrollment in the Plan will only become a Participant if they elect to become a Participant by noting such election on their subscription agreement. Any Shareholder that is not a Participant may later elect to become a Participant by subsequently completing and executing an enrollment form or any appropriate authorization form as may be available from the Trust, the Trust s transfer agent, the dealer manager for the Offering or any soliciting dealer participating in the distribution of Common Shares for the Offering. Participation in the Plan will begin with the next Distribution payable after acceptance of a Participant s subscription, enrollment or authorization. Common Shares will be purchased under the Plan on the date that Distributions are paid by the Trust. 
 4. Accredited Investor Status. Each Participant is requested to promptly notify the Company in writing if the Participant experiences a material change in his or her financial condition, including the failure to meet the definition of an accredited investor and other investment requirements, as set forth in the Memorandum. 
 5. Purchase of Common Shares. 
 A. Participants will acquire Plan Shares (as defined below) at a price equal to the most recently disclosed transaction price per Common Share applicable to the class of Common Shares purchased by the Participant on the date that the distribution is payable (calculated as of the most recent month end). No upfront selling commissions will be payable with respect to Common Shares purchased pursuant to the Plan, but such Common Shares will be subject to ongoing stockholder servicing fees, if any. Participants in the Plan may purchase fractional Common Shares so that 100 of the Distributions will be used to acquire Common Shares. However, a Participant will not be able to acquire Plan Shares and such Participant s participation in the Plan will be terminated to the extent that a reinvestment of such Participant s distributions in Common Shares would cause the percentage ownership or other limitations contained in the Trust s Declaration of Trust to be violated. Plan Shares means Common Shares from the Trust (including Common Shares purchased by the Trust for the Plan in a secondary market (if available) or on a stock exchange (if listed)) under the Plan. 

B. Common Shares issued through the Plan will be issued as part of the Offering. Common Shares will be subject to certain transfer restrictions. In particular, Common Shares issued through the Plan have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the securities laws of any U.S. state or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and instead are being offered and sold in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and state and other securities laws. Therefore, any Common Shares issued through the Plan may not be resold or transferred except as permitted under the Securities Act and applicable state and other securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. 
 6. Taxes. THE REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS DOES NOT RELIEVE A PARTICIPANT OF ANY INCOME TAX LIABILITY THAT MAY BE PAYABLE ON THE DISTRIBUTIONS. INFORMATION REGARDING POTENTIAL TAX INCOME LIABILITY OF PARTICIPANTS MAY BE FOUND IN THE PUBLIC FILINGS MADE BY THE COMPANY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SEC ). 
 7. Common Share Certificates. The ownership of Common Shares purchased through the Plan will be in book-entry form unless and until the Trust issues certificates for its outstanding Common Shares. 
 8. Reports. On a quarterly basis, the Trust shall provide each Participant a statement of account describing, as to such Participant (i) the Distributions reinvested during the quarter (ii) the number and class of Common Shares purchased pursuant to the Plan during the quarter (iii) the per share purchase price for such Common Shares and (iv) the total number of Common Shares purchased on behalf of the Participant under the Plan. On an annual basis, tax information with respect to income earned on Common Shares under the Plan for the calendar year will be provided to each applicable participant. 
 9. Termination by Participant. A Participant may terminate participation in the Plan at any time, without penalty, by delivering at least 10 business days prior written notice to the Trust and the Trust may, in its discretion, accept and terminate participation for any notice received less than 10 business days prior to the payment of a distribution. Any transfer of Common Shares by a Participant to a non-Participant will terminate participation in the Plan with respect to the transferred Common Shares. If a Participant requests that the Trust repurchase a portion of the Participant s Common Shares, the Participant s participation in the Plan will continue with respect to the Participant s Common Shares that were not repurchased. If a Participant requests that the Trust repurchase all of the Participant s Common Shares, the Participant s participation in the Plan will be automatically terminated, whether or not all of the Participant s Common Shares are actually repurchased. If a Participant terminates Plan participation, the Trust may, at its option, ensure that the terminating Participant s account will reflect the whole number of shares in such Participant s account and provide a check for the cash value of any fractional share in such account. Upon termination of Plan participation for any reason, future Distributions will be distributed to the Shareholder in cash. 
 10. Amendment, Suspension or Termination by the Trust. The Board of Trustees may by majority vote amend any aspect of the Plan provided that the Plan cannot be amended to eliminate a Participant s right to terminate participation in the Plan and that notice of any material amendment must be provided to Participants at least 10 days prior to the effective date of that amendment. The Board of Trustees may by majority vote suspend or terminate the Plan for any reason upon ten days written notice to the Participants. 
 2 

11. Liability of the Trust. The Trust shall not be liable for any act done in good faith, or for any good faith omission to act, including, without limitation, any claims or liability (i) arising out of failure to terminate a Participant s account upon such Participant s death prior to timely receipt of notice in writing of such death or (ii) with respect to the time and the prices at which Common Shares are purchased or sold for a Participant s account. To the extent that indemnification may apply to liabilities arising under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of a particular state, the Trust has been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC and certain state securities commissioners, such indemnification is contrary to public policy and, therefore, unenforceable. 
 3 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.1>
 5
 exhibit101-amendedandresta.htm
 PCREI TRUST AR DEALER MANAGER AGREEMENT 111124

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 DEALER MANAGER AGREEMENT 
 November 11, 2024 
 Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. 
 711 High Street 
 Des Moines, IA 50392 
 Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, a Maryland statutory Trust (the Trust ), that intends to satisfy the requirements of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), for qualification and taxation of the Trust as a real estate investment trust REIT ), is conducting a continuous private offering (the Offering in accordance with Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share (the Shares ), which may consist of Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, Class I shares, Class F-I shares, Class A shares and Class E shares, as set forth in the Trust s Declaration of Trust, as amended from time to time (the Declaration of Trust ). Principal Funds Distributor, Inc., as the managing dealer (the Dealer Manager ), and the broker-dealers participating in the offering (the Participating Broker-Dealers will solicit subscriptions pursuant to which investors will invest in Shares, from time to time. Such solicitations will be made by the Dealer Manager and any Participating Broker-Dealer on a best efforts basis. Investments will be solicited (i) in the United States only to U.S. persons who are accredited investors within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and (ii) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act and pursuant to the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the offer and sale of Shares in the applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction. 
 The Shares will be issued and sold at the offering prices per Share set forth in the confidential private placement memorandum, dated as of July 2024 (as amended and or supplemented from time to time, the Private Placement Memorandum ), pursuant to a primary offering (the Primary Shares and the Trust s distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP Shares ). In connection with the Offering, the minimum purchase by any one person shall be as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum (except as otherwise indicated in any letter or memorandum from the Trust to the Dealer Manager). 
 The Trust is offering seven classes of Shares, Class S, Class T, Class D, Class I, Class F-I, Class A and Class E Shares. The differences between the classes of Shares and the eligibility requirements for each class are described in detail in the Private Placement Memorandum. The Shares are to be offered and sold as described under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Private Placement Memorandum. Except as otherwise agreed by the Trust and the Dealer Manager, Shares sold through the Dealer Manager are to be sold through the Dealer Manager, as the dealer manager, and the Participating Broker-Dealers with whom the Dealer Manager has entered into or will enter into a selected dealer or other agreement related to the distribution of Shares substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A or such other form as approved by the Trust (each, a Selected Dealer Agreement at a purchase price generally equal to the Trust s prior month s net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Private Placement Memorandum), or at a different offering price made available to investors in cases where the Trust believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month, plus in either case any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees, subject in certain circumstances to reductions thereof as described in the Private Placement Memorandum. For shareholders who participate in the Trust distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of Shares that each shareholder owns will be automatically invested in additional Shares of the same class. The DRIP Shares are to be issued and sold to shareholders of the Trust at a purchase price per Share equal to the Primary Shares in the Offering before any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees (the transaction price of the applicable class of Shares on the date that the distribution is payable. 

The Trust hereby enters into this agreement (this Agreement with the Dealer Manager, as follows 
 1. Representations and Warranties of the Trust The Trust represents and warrants to the Dealer Manager and each Participating Broker-Dealer with whom the Dealer Manager has entered into or will enter into a Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement (the Participating Broker-Dealer Agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement (or such other form as shall be approved in writing by the Trust) that, as of the date hereof and at all times during the Offering (provided that, to the extent such representations and warranties are given only as of a specified date or dates, the Trust only makes such representations and warranties as of such date or dates), with respect to the Offering, as applicable, that 
 a. The Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, the securities laws of any other State or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, but will be offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable laws pursuant to the Private Placement Memorandum. The Shares are being offered and sold (i) in the United States under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the Offering will be made, to U.S. persons who are accredited investors within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and (ii) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. As of the date hereof, no jurisdiction in which the Shares have been or will be offered or sold has issued any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for sale in such jurisdiction and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Trust, threatened. The Trust is in compliance in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations applicable to it and its activities, including, without limitation, with respect to the Offering and the sale of the Shares. 
 b. The Trust is a statutory trust duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland, and is in good standing with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland, with full power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Private Placement Memorandum. 
 c. The Private Placement Memorandum does not, and any amendments thereto will not, contain an untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading provided, however, that the Trust makes no warranty or representation with respect to any statement contained in the Private Placement Memorandum, or any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Trust by the Dealer Manager or any Participating Broker-Dealer expressly for use in the Private Placement Memorandum or any amendments or supplements thereto. 
 d. The Trust intends to use the funds received from the sale of the Shares as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum. 
 e. Except as have been obtained or waived, no material consent, approval, authorization or other order of any governmental authority is required in connection with the execution or delivery by the Trust of this Agreement or the issuance and sale by the Trust of the Shares, except any necessary qualification under the securities or blue sky laws of the jurisdictions in which the Shares are being offered by the Dealer Manager and the Participating Broker-Dealers and (b) and necessary qualification or notice under the conduct rules set forth in the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA rulebook (the FINRA Rules ). 
 f. Unless otherwise described in the Private Placement Memorandum, there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or to the knowledge of the Trust, threatened against the Trust, at law or in equity or before or by any federal or state commission, regulatory body or administrative agency or other governmental body, domestic or foreign, which will have a material adverse effect on the business or property of the Trust (a Material Adverse Effect ). 
 2 

g. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated and compliance with the terms of this Agreement by the Trust will not conflict with or constitute a default under (a) the Declaration of Trust or by-laws, (b) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or other material agreement to which the Trust is party, (c) any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Trust or (d) any writ, injunction or decree of any government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Trust, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws and except, in the cases of clauses (b), (c) and (d), for such conflicts or defaults, that individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 h. The Trust has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the transactions contemplated hereby, except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws. 
 i. At the time of the issuance of the Shares, the Shares will have been duly authorized and, when issued and sold as contemplated by the Private Placement Memorandum and the Declaration of Trust, and upon payment therefor as provided by the Private Placement Memorandum and this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will conform to the description thereof contained in the Private Placement Memorandum. 
 j. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Private Placement Memorandum, the Trust owns or possesses, has the right to use or can acquire on reasonable terms, adequate patents, patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names or other intellectual property necessary to carry on the business now operated by the Trust, except where the failure to have such ownership or possession would not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 k. The Trust has filed all material federal, state and foreign income tax returns, which have been required to be filed, on or before the due date (taking into account all extensions of time to file) and has paid or provided for the payment of all taxes indicated by said returns and all assessments received by the Trust to the extent that such taxes or assessments have become due, except where the Trust is contesting such assessments in good faith. 
 l. The Trust does not intend to conduct its business so as to be an investment company as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), and the rules and regulations thereunder, and it will exercise reasonable diligence to ensure that it does not become an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. 
 m. The Trust complies in all material respects with applicable privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (the GLB Act and applicable provisions of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT Act) of 2001, as amended (the USA PATRIOT Act ). 
 n. Any and all printed sales literature or other materials that have been approved in advance in writing by the Trust and appropriate regulatory agencies for use in the Offering Authorized Sales Materials prepared by the Trust and any of its affiliates (excluding the Dealer Manager) specifically for use with potential investors in connection with the Offering, when used in conjunction with the Private Placement Memorandum, did not at the time provided for use, and, as to later provided materials, will not at the time provided for use, include any untrue statement of a material fact nor did they at the time provided for use, or, as to later provided materials, will they, omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when read in conjunction with the Private Placement Memorandum, not misleading. If at any time any event occurs that is known to the Trust as a result of which such Authorized Sales Materials when used in conjunction with the Private Placement Memorandum would include an untrue statement of a material fact or, in view of the circumstances under which they were made, omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, the Trust will notify the Dealer Manager thereof. 
 3 

o. When applicable, the financial statements of the Trust included in the registration statement on Form 10 (the Form 10 and included or to be included in the Trust s periodic reports filed pursuant to the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), together with the related notes, will present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Trust, as of the date specified, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis and in conformity with Regulation S-X of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), except as described in the notes thereto. 
 p. When applicable, the independent accounting firm that will have audited and certified any financial statements included in the Form 10 or to be included in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K or any amendments thereto, shall be, as of the applicable dates thereof, and shall have been during the periods covered by their report included therein, independent registered public accountants as required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
 q. When applicable, the Trust expects to implement and maintain controls and other procedures that will be designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Trust in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Trust s management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and the Trust will make and keep books, records and accounts which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Trust and the Trust expects to implement and maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorization (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain accountability for assets (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences and, to the Trust s knowledge, neither the Trust, nor any employee or agent thereof, has made any payment of funds of the Trust or received or retained any funds and no funds of the Trust have been set aside to be used for any payment, in each case in material violation of any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Trust. 
 r. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trust and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Dealer Manager, is a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Trust enforceable against the Trust in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and by general equitable principles, and except to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnity and or contribution provisions contained in Section 4 of this Agreement may be limited under applicable securities laws 
 s. The Trust is qualified to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business, as described in the Private Placement Memorandum, requires such qualification, except where the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 t. Neither the Trust nor, to the knowledge of the Trust, any trustee, officer, employee or affiliate of the Trust is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 4 

2. Covenants of the Trust. The Trust covenants and agrees with the Dealer Manager that 
 a. The Trust will promptly advise the Dealer Manager of the receipt of any material comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the SEC to the extent that the Trust expects such comments or requests will have a Material Adverse Effect on the Trust or the Shares and of any proposed amendment or supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum. Prior to amending or supplementing the Private Placement Memorandum, the Trust shall furnish to the Dealer Manager for its review, a reasonable period of time prior to the proposed use thereof, a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement. The Trust will file and amend a Form D in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities Act. 
 b. The Trust will, at no expense to the Dealer Manager, furnish the Dealer Manager with such number of printed copies and an electronic version of the Private Placement Memorandum, including all amendments and exhibits thereto, and the Authorized Sales Materials as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request. The Trust will similarly furnish to the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealers designated by the Dealer Manager an electronic version and as many copies of the following documents as the Dealer Manager may reasonably request in connection with the sale of Shares (a) the Private Placement Memorandum, including all amendments and exhibits thereto and (b) any other Authorized Sales Materials. 
 c. The Trust will use its commercially reasonable efforts to (a) qualify the Shares for sale under, or to establish the exemption of the sale of the Shares from qualification or registration under, the applicable state securities laws, or the applicable laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, designated in Schedule II hereto (the Qualified Jurisdictions and (b) maintain such qualifications or exemptions in effect throughout the Offering. In connection therewith, the Trust will prepare and file all such reports as may be required by the securities regulatory authorities in the Qualified Jurisdictions in which the Shares have been sold, provided that the Dealer Manager shall have provided the Trust with any information required for such filings or reports that is in the Dealer Manager s possession. The Trust will notify the Dealer Manager promptly following each date of (i) the effectiveness of qualification or exemption of Shares in any additional jurisdiction in which the sale of Shares has been authorized by appropriate state regulatory authorities and (ii) a change in the status of the qualification or exemption of the Shares in any jurisdiction in any respect. The Trust will file and obtain clearance of the Authorized Sales Materials only to the extent required by FINRA or applicable state securities laws. The Trust will furnish to the Dealer Manager a copy of such papers filed by the Trust in connection with any such qualification. 
 d. If at any time when a Private Placement Memorandum is delivered to a potential investor any event occurs as a result of which, in the opinion of either the Trust or the Dealer Manager, the Private Placement Memorandum would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Trust will promptly notify the Dealer Manager thereof (unless the information shall have been received from the Dealer Manager) and will effect the preparation of an amended or supplemental Private Placement Memorandum that will correct such statement or omission. 
 e. The Trust is conducting the offering of Shares as a private placement and shall not take any action that (i) causes the offering of the Shares to lose any exemption from registration with the SEC provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and or any regulations promulgated thereunder or (ii) causes the offering of Shares to lose its exemption from registration provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
 f. The Trust will operate in a manner so as to enable the Trust to qualify to be taxed as a REIT under the Code, for each taxable year during which it elects to be treated as a REIT under the Code provided, however, that at the discretion of the Trust s board of trustees, it may elect to not be so treated. 
 5 

3. Obligations and Compensation of Dealer Manager . 
 a. The Trust hereby appoints the Dealer Manager as its agent during the Offering to solicit subscriptions for the Shares upon the other terms and conditions set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum and the Subscription Agreement. The Dealer Manager hereby accepts such agency and agrees to use its best efforts to procure subscribers for the Shares during the Offering, including through the Participating Broker-Dealers. The Dealer Manager represents to the Trust that it is a member in good standing of FINRA and that it and its employees and representatives have all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement. With respect to the Dealer Manager s participation in the distribution of the Shares in the Offering, the Dealer Manager agrees to comply, and ensure that the Participating Broker-Dealers comply, in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and all other state or federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Offering and the sale of Shares, all applicable state securities laws and regulations, and the rules of FINRA applicable to the Offering, from time to time in effect. 
 b. The Dealer Manager shall comply, and require in the Participating Dealer Agreement that the Participating Broker-Dealers comply, with (a) the privacy standards and requirements of the GLB Act (b) the privacy standards and requirements of any other applicable federal or state law and (c) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be amended from time to time. 
 c. Promptly after the execution of this Agreement, the Dealer Manager and the Participating Broker-Dealers shall commence the offering of the Shares in the Offering for cash in such jurisdictions in which the Offering is permitted. 
 d. The Dealer Manager shall cause the Shares to be offered and sold only in the Qualified Jurisdictions, as designated in Schedule II hereto, and in such additional jurisdictions as may be added thereto from time to time. No Shares shall be offered or sold for the account of the Trust in any other jurisdictions. The Dealer Manager shall use and distribute in conjunction with the offer and sale of any Shares only the Private Placement Memorandum and the Authorized Sales Materials. The Authorized Sales Materials may only be furnished to prospective investors if accompanied or preceded by the Private Placement Memorandum. The Dealer Manager represents and warrants to the Trust that it will not (i) use any sales literature not authorized and approved by the Trust (ii) use any broker-dealer use only or advisor use only materials with prospective investors in connection with offers or sales or the Shares or (iii) offer or sell Shares by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertisement, including but not limited to (A) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio and (B) any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. The Dealer Manager agrees to comply with all applicable requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, conduct rules and or regulations promulgated by FINRA or its predecessor, the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., and any other foreign, state or local securities or other laws or rules of FINRA or any other applicable self-regulatory organization in offering and selling Shares. The Dealer Manager agrees, and will cause the Participating Broker-Dealers to each agree, to suspend or terminate offering and sale of the Shares upon request of the Trust at any time and to resume offering and sale of the Shares upon subsequent request of the Trust. 
 e. Subject to volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided in this Agreement and under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Private Placement Memorandum, which may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the Trust will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in connection with sales of Class S, Class T and Class D Shares, as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement. The applicable selling commissions payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution by the Trust of orders submitted by purchasers of Class S, Class T and Class D Shares and all or a portion of the selling commissions may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the Participating Broker-Dealers who sold the Class S, Class T or Class D Shares giving rise to such selling commissions, as described more fully in the Participating Dealer Agreement entered into with each such Participating Broker-Dealer. 
 6 

f. Subject to volume discounts and other special circumstances described in or otherwise provided in this Agreement and under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Private Placement Memorandum, which may be amended and restated from time to time, the Trust will pay to the Dealer Manager dealer manager fees in connection with sales of Class T Shares, as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement. The applicable dealer manager fees payable to the Dealer Manager will be paid substantially concurrently with the execution by the Trust of orders submitted by purchasers of Class T Shares and all or a portion of the dealer manager fees may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to the Participating Broker-Dealers who sold the Class T Shares giving rise to such dealer manager fees, as described more fully in the Participating Dealer Agreement entered into with each such Participating Broker-Dealer. 
 g. Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Private Placement Memorandum, which may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3.g. below, the Trust will pay to the Dealer Manager a shareholder servicing fee with respect to sales of Class S and Class D Shares and an advisor shareholder servicing fee and dealer shareholder servicing fee with respect to Class T Shares, all as described in Schedule 1 to this Agreement (the Servicing Fee ). The Trust will pay the Servicing Fee to the Dealer Manager monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of the Servicing Fee to any Participating Broker-Dealers who sold the Class S, Class T or Class D Shares giving rise to a portion of such Servicing Fee to the extent the Participating Dealer Agreement with such Participating Broker-Dealer provides for such a reallowance and such Participating Broker-Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such Participating Dealer Agreement related to such reallowance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Private Placement Memorandum, at such time as the Participating Broker-Dealer who sold the Class S, Class T or Class D Shares giving rise to a portion of the Servicing Fee is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to such Class S, Class T or Class D Shares or that the Participating Broker-Dealer no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions in its Participating Dealer Agreement for the receipt of the Servicing Fee, then Participating Broker-Dealer s entitlement to the Servicing Fees related to such Class S, Class T or Class D Shares, as applicable, shall cease, and Participating Broker-Dealer shall not receive the Servicing Fee for any month in which Participating Broker-Dealer is not eligible on the last day of such month. Broker-dealer transfers will be made effective as of the start of the first business day of a month. 
 Thereafter, such Servicing Fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class S, Class T or Class D Shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Dealer ), to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Participating Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager Servicing Agreement ), such Participating Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance and the Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole discretion. The Participating Broker-Dealer is not entitled to any Servicing Fee with respect to Class I, Class F-I, Class A or Class E Shares. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the Servicing Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement. 
 7 

h. The Dealer Manager shall cease receiving the Servicing Fee with respect to any Class S Shares, Class T Shares or Class D Shares held in a shareholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with the transfer agent, determines that total selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Servicing Fees paid with respect to such Shares would exceed any applicable limit set by a participating broker-dealer set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a Participating Broker-Dealer at the time such shares were issued. At the end of such month, such Class S Shares, Class T Shares and Class D Shares (and any Shares issued under the DRIP with respect thereto) held in a shareholder s account shall automatically convert without any action on the part of the holder thereof into a number of Class I Shares (including any fractional Shares) with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Shares. In addition, the Dealer Manager will cease receiving the Servicing Fee on Class S Shares, Class T Shares and Class D Shares in connection with an Offering upon the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I Shares or (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Trust with or into another entity or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Trust s assets in each case in a transaction in which the Trust s shareholders receive cash or shares listed on a national stock exchange. 
 i. The terms of any reallowance of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the Servicing Fee shall be set forth in the Participating Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement entered into with the Participating Broker-Dealers or Servicing Dealers, as applicable. The Trust will not be liable or responsible to any Participating Broker-Dealer or Servicing Dealer for direct payment of commissions, or any reallowance of dealer manager fees or the Servicing Fee to such Participating Broker-Dealer or Servicing Dealer, it being the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Dealer Manager for payment of commissions or any reallowance of dealer manager fees or the Servicing Fee to Participating Broker-Dealers and Servicing Dealers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the Trust, the Trust may act as agent of the Dealer Manager by making direct payment of commissions, dealer manager fees or Servicing Fees to Participating Broker-Dealers on behalf of the Dealer Manager without incurring any liability. 
 j. In addition to the other items of underwriting compensation set forth in this Section 3, the Trust or Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC (the Adviser shall reimburse the Dealer Manager for all items of underwriting compensation referenced in the Private Placement Memorandum, to the extent the Private Placement Memorandum indicates that they will be paid by the Trust or the Adviser, as applicable. 
 k. In addition to reimbursement as provided under Section 3.i., the Trust shall also pay directly or reimburse the Dealer Manager for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by any Participating Broker-Dealer as described in the Private Placement Memorandum. The Dealer Manager shall obtain from any Participating Broker-Dealer and provide to the Trust a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses. 
 l. The Dealer Manager represents and warrants to the Trust that the information under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Private Placement Memorandum and all other information furnished to the Trust by the Dealer Manager in writing expressly for use in the Private Placement Memorandum, or any amendment or supplement thereto, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 
 m. The Dealer Manager and all Participating Broker-Dealers will offer and sell the Shares at the offering prices per Share as determined in accordance with the Private Placement Memorandum. 
 n. The Dealer Manager has not taken and shall not take any action that (i) causes the offering of the Shares to lose any exemption from registration with the SEC provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and or any regulations promulgated thereunder or (ii) causes the offering of Shares to lose its exemption from registration provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
 8 

o. Neither the Dealer Manager nor any of its affiliates, directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members, beneficial owners of 20 or more of the Dealer Manager s outstanding voting equity securities or promoters are or have been subject to any order, conviction, suspension, expulsion or other event which would bar the Trust from relying on Rule 506 pursuant to Rule 506(d) or which would require disclosure to prospective purchasers of securities in the Offering pursuant to Rule 506(e). 
 p. Neither the Dealer Manager nor any of its directors, executive officers, general partners, managing members or other officers participating in the Offering, nor any of the directors, executive officers or other officers participating in the Offering of any such general partner or managing member, nor any other officers, employees or associated persons of the Dealer Manager or any such general partner or managing member that have been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the offer and sale of Shares (each, a Dealer Manager Covered Person and, together, Dealer Manager Covered Persons ), is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications Disqualification Events set forth in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act applicable to the Dealer Manager except for a Disqualification Event contemplated by Rule 506(d)(2) of the Securities Act, a description of which has been furnished in writing to the Trust prior to the date hereof. The Bad Actor disqualifications include, among other things (1) criminal convictions and court injunctions and restraining orders issued in connection with the purchase or sale of a security or false filings with the SEC (2) final orders from the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, federal banking agencies and certain other regulators that bar a person from associating with a regulated entity or engaging in the business of securities, insurance or banking or that are based on certain fraudulent conduct (3) SEC disciplinary orders relating to investment advisers, brokers, dealers and their associated persons (4) SEC cease-and-desist orders relating to violations of certain anti-fraud provisions and registration requirements of the federal securities laws (5) suspensions or expulsions from membership in a self-regulatory organization SRO or from association with an SRO member and (6) U.S. Postal Service false representation orders. To the extent permitted by applicable law and without disclosing any non-public personal information regarding any Dealer Manager Covered Person, the Dealer Manager will promptly notify the Trust if it becomes aware of a Dealer Manager Covered Person who is or becomes the subject of a Disqualifying Event or determines that the Trust s exemption under Rule 506 is no longer available as a result of any Disqualifying Event. 
 q. In its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers, the Dealer Manager will require the Participating Broker-Dealers to represent that 
 (i) it has exercised reasonable care, in accordance with section (e) of Rule 506, in making a factual inquiry into whether any Disqualifying Event exists with respect to the Participating Broker-Dealer or any of its Covered Persons 
 (ii) it shall make periodic factual inquiry as to the occurrence or existence of any Disqualifying Events with respect to itself and its Covered Persons, and shall conduct such factual inquiry with reasonable care in accordance with subsection (d)(2)(iv) of Rule 506 
 (iii) To the extent permitted by applicable law, it will promptly notify the Trust if it is or becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event or if it becomes aware that any of its Covered Persons is or becomes the subject of a Disqualifying Event and 
 (iv) If a Disqualifying Event occurs with respect to any of its Covered Persons, the Trust shall have the right to terminate the Participating Dealer Agreement with effect from the date of the occurrence of the Disqualifying Event. 
 9 

4. Indemnification . 
 a. Subject to the limitations below, the Trust will indemnify and hold harmless the Participating Broker-Dealers and the Dealer Manager, their officers and directors and each person, if any, who controls such Participating Broker-Dealer or Dealer Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the Indemnified Persons from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities Losses ), joint or several, to which such Indemnified Persons may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Private Placement Memorandum, or (ii) in any Authorized Sales Materials, or (b) the omission to state in the Private Placement Memorandum or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Trust will reimburse the Dealer Manager and each Indemnified Person of the Dealer Manager for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Dealer Manager or such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating or defending such Loss. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.a., the Trust may not indemnify or hold harmless the Dealer Manager, any Participating Broker-Dealer or any of their affiliates for liabilities arising from or out of a violation of state or federal securities laws, unless one or more of the following conditions are met 
 (i) There has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations as to the particular indemnitee 
 (ii) Such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the particular indemnitee or 
 (iii) A court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the particular indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the Commission and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which the securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 Further notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.a., the Trust will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such Loss or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished (x) to the Trust by the Dealer Manager or (y) to the Trust or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of any Participating Broker-Dealer specifically for use in the Private Placement Memorandum or any Authorized Sales Materials, and, further, the Trust will not be liable for the portion of any Loss in any such case if it is determined that such Participating Broker-Dealer or the Dealer Manager was at fault in connection with such portion of the Loss, expense or action. 
 The foregoing indemnity agreement of this Section 4.a. is subject to the further condition that, insofar as it relates to any untrue statement or omission made in the Private Placement Memorandum that was eliminated or remedied in any subsequent amendment or supplement thereto, such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the benefit of an Indemnified Party from whom the person asserting any Losses purchased the Shares that are the subject thereof, if a copy of the Private Placement Memorandum as so amended or supplemented was not sent or given to such person at or prior to the time the subscription of such person was accepted by the Trust, but only if a copy of the Private Placement Memorandum as so amended or supplemented had been supplied to the Dealer Manager or the Participating Broker-Dealer prior to such acceptance. 
 10 

b. The Dealer Manager will indemnify and hold harmless the Trust, its officers and trustees (including any person named in the Private Placement Memorandum, with his or consent, as about to become a trustee) and each person, if any, who controls the Trust within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the Trust Indemnified Persons ), from and against any Losses to which any of the Trust Indemnified Persons may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Private Placement Memorandum or (ii) in any Authorized Sales Materials or (b) the omission to state in the Private Placement Memorandum or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Trust by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager specifically for use with reference to the Dealer Manager in the preparation of the Private Placement Memorandum or any or supplement thereto or in preparation of Authorized Sales Materials or (c) any use of sales literature not authorized or approved by the Trust or any use of broker-dealer use only or advisor use only materials with members of the public by the Dealer Manager in the offer and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular jurisdiction if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to persons in such jurisdiction or (d) any untrue statement made by the Dealer Manager or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or (e) any material violation of this Agreement or (f) any failure to comply with applicable laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA PATRIOT Act or (g) any other failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Dealer Manager will reimburse the aforesaid parties for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending such Loss, expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Dealer Manager may otherwise have. 
 c. Each Participating Broker-Dealer severally will indemnify and hold harmless the Trust, the Dealer Manager, each of their officers, trustees and directors (including any person named in the Private Placement Memorandum, with his or her consent, as about to become a trustee) and each person, if any, who controls the Trust or the Dealer Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (the Dealer Indemnified Persons from and against any Losses to which a Dealer Indemnified Person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Private Placement Memorandum, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (ii) in any Authorized Sales Materials or (b) the omission to state in the Private Placement Memorandum or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Trust or the Dealer Manager by or on behalf of the Participating Broker-Dealer specifically for use with reference to the Participating Broker-Dealer in the preparation of the Private Placement Memorandum or in preparation of Authorized Sales Materials or (c) any use of sales literature not authorized or approved by the Trust or any use of broker-dealer use only or advisor use only materials with members of the public by the Participating Broker-Dealer in the offer and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular jurisdiction if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction or (d) any untrue statement made by the Participating Broker-Dealer or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or (e) any material violation of this Agreement or the Participating Dealer Agreement entered into between the Dealer Manager and the Participating Broker-Dealer or (f) any failure or alleged failure to comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, laws governing privacy issues, money 
 11 

laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA PATRIOT Act or (g) any other failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each such Participating Broker-Dealer will reimburse each Participating Broker-Dealer Indemnified Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Loss, expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that such Participating Broker-Dealer may otherwise have. 
 d. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 4 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 4, notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof. The failure of an indemnified party to so notify the indemnifying party will relieve the indemnifying party from any liability under this Section 4 as to the particular item for which indemnification is then being sought, but not from any other liability that it may have to any indemnified party. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to participate in the defense thereof, with separate counsel. Such participation shall not relieve such indemnifying party of the obligation to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable legal and other expenses (subject to Section 4.e.) incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself, except for such expenses incurred after the indemnifying party has deposited funds sufficient to effect the settlement, with prejudice, of the claim in respect of which indemnity is sought. Any such indemnifying party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnifying party. Any indemnified party shall not be bound to perform or refrain from performing any act pursuant to the terms of any settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such indemnified party. 
 e. The indemnifying party shall pay all legal fees and expenses of the indemnified party in the defense of such claims or actions provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be obliged to pay legal expenses and fees to more than one law firm in connection with the defense of similar claims arising out of the same alleged acts or omissions giving rise to such claims notwithstanding that such actions or claims are alleged or brought by one or more parties against more than one indemnified party. If such claims or actions are alleged or brought against more than one indemnified party, then the indemnifying party shall only be obliged to reimburse the expenses and fees of the one law firm that has been selected by a majority of the indemnified parties against which such action is finally brought and in the event a majority of such indemnified parties are unable to agree on which law firm for which expenses or fees will be reimbursable by the indemnifying party, then payment shall be made to the first law firm of record representing an indemnified party against the action or claim. Such law firm shall be paid only to the extent of services performed by such law firm and no reimbursement shall be payable to such law firm on account of legal services performed by another law firm. 
 f. The indemnity agreements contained in this Section 4 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Participating Broker-Dealer, or any person controlling any Participating Broker-Dealer or by or on behalf of the Trust, the Dealer Manager or any officer or director thereof, or by or on behalf of any person controlling the Trust or the Dealer Manager, (b) delivery of any Shares and payment therefor, and (c) any termination of this Agreement. A successor of any Participating Broker-Dealer or of any of the parties to this Agreement, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity agreements contained in this Section 4. 
 12 

5. Survival of Provisions . 
 a. The respective agreements, representations and warranties of the Trust and the Dealer Manager set forth in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (a) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Dealer Manager or any Participating Broker-Dealer or any person controlling the Dealer Manager or any Participating Broker-Dealer or by or on behalf of the Trust or any person controlling the Trust (b) the acceptance of any payment for the Shares and (c) the delivery of signed Subscription Agreements. 
 b. The respective agreements of the Trust and the Dealer Manager set forth in Sections 3.d. through 3.j. and Sections 4 through 14 of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any termination of this Agreement. 
 6. Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation and construction of this Agreement shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York provided however, that causes of action for violations of federal or state securities laws shall not be governed by this Section. Venue for any action brought hereunder shall lie exclusively in New York, New York. 
 7. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. Each counterpart, when executed and delivered, shall be an original contract, but all counterparts, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 8. Successors and Amendment . 
 a. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Dealer Manager and the Trust and their respective successors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give to any other person any right, remedy or claim, except as otherwise specifically provided herein. Each Participating Broker-Dealer is an intended third-party beneficiary with respect to Sections 1 and 4 hereof with direct enforcement rights hereunder. 
 b. This Agreement may be amended by the written agreement of the Dealer Manager and the Trust. 
 c. Neither the Trust nor the Dealer Manager may assign or transfer any of such party s rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Dealer Manager, on the one hand, or the Trust, on the other hand. 
 9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire agreement among the parties and supersede any prior understanding, whether written or oral, prior to the date hereof with respect to the Offering. 
 10. Term and Termination . Any party to this Agreement shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on 60 days written notice or immediately upon notice to the other party in the event that such other party shall have failed to comply with any material provision hereof. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, (a) the Trust shall pay to the Dealer Manager all earned but unpaid compensation and reimbursement for all incurred, accountable compensation to which the Dealer Manager is or becomes entitled under Section 3 pursuant to the requirements of that Section 3 at such times as such amounts become payable pursuant to the terms of such Section 3, offset by any losses suffered by the Trust or any officer or trustee of the Trust arising from the Dealer Manager s breach of this Agreement or an action that would otherwise give rise to an indemnification claim against the Dealer Manager under Section 4.b. herein, and (b) the Dealer Manager shall promptly deliver to the Trust all records and documents in its possession that relate to the Offering other than as required by law to be retained by the Dealer Manager. Dealer Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Trust to accomplish an orderly transfer of management of the Offering to a party designated by the Trust. 
 13 

11. Confirmation . The Trust hereby agrees and assumes the duty to confirm on its behalf and on behalf of Participating Broker-Dealers who sell the Shares all orders for purchase of Shares accepted by the Trust. Such confirmations will comply with the rules of the SEC and FINRA, and will comply with applicable laws of such other jurisdictions to the extent the Trust is advised of such laws in writing by the Dealer Manager. 
 12. Private Placement Memorandum and Authorized Sales Materials . Dealer Manager agrees that it is not authorized or permitted to give and will not give, any information or make any representation concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum and any Authorized Sales Materials. The Dealer Manager further agrees (a) not to deliver any Authorized Sales Materials to any investor or prospective investor, to any broker-dealer that has not entered into a Participating Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement, or to any representatives or other associated persons of such a broker-dealer, unless it is accompanied or preceded by the Private Placement Memorandum, as amended or supplemented, (b) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Trust and marked dealer only, financial advisor use only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public and (c) not to show or give to any investor or prospective investor in a particular jurisdiction (and will similarly require Participating Broker-Dealers pursuant to the Participating Dealer Agreement) any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Trust if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction. Dealer Manager, in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers, will include requirements and obligations of the Participating Broker-Dealers similar to those imposed upon the Dealer Manager pursuant to this section. 
 13. Suitability of Investors . The Dealer Manager will offer Shares, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers will require that the Participating Broker-Dealers offer Shares, only to those persons who meet the suitability standards set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent by the Trust (including, for the avoidance of doubt, only from investors each of which, together with any other investor for which such investor is acting as a trustee or other fiduciary, the Dealer Manager or Participating Broker-Dealer making such offering of Shares, shall reasonably believe (a) is an accredited investor with respect to the Shares within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act or (b) is not a United States person within the meaning of Rule 902 under the Securities Act) and will only make offers to persons in the jurisdictions in which it is advised in writing that the Shares are qualified for sale or that such qualification is not required. Notwithstanding the qualification of the Shares for sale in any respective jurisdiction (or the exemption therefrom), the Dealer Manager represents, warrants and covenants that it will not offer Shares and will not permit any of its registered representatives to offer Shares in any jurisdiction unless both the Dealer Manager and such registered representative are duly licensed to transact securities business in such jurisdiction. In offering Shares, the Dealer Manager will comply, and in its agreements with Participating Broker-Dealers, the Dealer Manager will require that the Participating Broker-Dealers comply, with the provisions of the FINRA Rules, as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors. 
 The Dealer Manager further represents, warrants and covenants that neither the Dealer Manager, nor any person associated with the Dealer Manager, shall offer or sell Shares in any jurisdiction except to investors who satisfy the investor suitability standards and minimum investment requirements under the most restrictive of the following (a) applicable provisions described in the Private Placement Memorandum, including status as an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act, minimum income and net worth standards (b) applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident or (c) applicable FINRA Rules. The Dealer Manager agrees to ensure that, in recommending the purchase, sale or exchange of Shares to an investor, the Dealer Manager, or a person associated with the Dealer Manager, shall have reasonable grounds to believe, on the basis of information obtained from the investor (and thereafter maintained in the manner and for the period required by the SEC, any state securities commission, any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction, FINRA or the Trust) concerning his or her age, investment objectives, other investments, financial situation and needs and any other information known to the 
 14 

Dealer Manager, or person associated with the Dealer Manager, that (i) the investor can reasonably benefit from an investment in the Shares based on the investor s overall investment objectives and portfolio structure, (ii) the investor is able to bear the economic risk of the investment based on the investor s overall financial situation and (iii) the investor has an apparent understanding of (A) the fundamental risks of the investment, (B) the risk that the investor may lose his or her entire investment in the Shares, (C) the lack of liquidity of the Shares, (D) the background and qualifications of the Adviser or the persons responsible for directing and managing the Trust and (E) the tax consequences of an investment in the Shares. In the case of sales to fiduciary accounts, the suitability standards must be met by the person who directly or indirectly supplied the funds for the purchase of the Shares or by the beneficiary of such fiduciary account and the purchaser of Shares has a substantive pre-existing relationship with the Dealer Manager pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Dealer Manager further represents, warrants and covenants that the Dealer Manager, or a person associated with the Dealer Manager, will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each proposed investor by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the determination as to suitability was reached as to each purchaser of Shares pursuant to a subscription solicited by the Dealer Manager, whether such documents and records relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are currently maintained or accounts hereafter established. The Dealer Manager agrees to retain its records in compliance with applicable law and make available a record of the information obtained to determine that an investor meets the suitability standards imposed on the offer or sale of Shares at the time of the initial purchase of Shares to (i) the Trust and (ii) representatives of the SEC, FINRA and applicable state or non-U.S. securities administrators upon the Dealer Manager s receipt of an appropriate document subpoena or other appropriate request for documents from any such agency for a period of at least six years following the Termination Date. In addition, at the Trust s reasonable written request, which shall be no later than the six year anniversary of the Termination Date, and at the Trust s sole expense, the Dealer Manger agrees to retain such records for a reasonable period of time beyond the six year anniversary of the Termination Date. The Dealer Manager shall not purchase any Shares for a discretionary account without obtaining the prior written approval of the Dealer Manager s customer and his or her signature on a Subscription Agreement. 
 14. Submission of Orders . The Dealer Manager will require in its agreements with each Participating Broker-Dealer that each Participating Broker-Dealer comply with the submission of orders procedures set forth in the form of Participating Dealer Agreement attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement. To the extent the Dealer Manager is involved in the distribution process other than through a Participating Broker-Dealer, the Dealer Manager will comply with such submission of orders procedures, and will require each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering to complete and execute a subscription agreement in the form filed as an appendix to the Private Placement Memorandum or such other form agreed to by the Trust (a Subscription Agreement and to deliver to the Dealer Manager or as otherwise directed by the Dealer Manager such completed and executed Subscription Agreement together with a check or wire transfer instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum. Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the Dealer Manager to the Trust, as soon as practicable, but in any event by the end of the second business day following receipt by the Dealer Manager. If the Dealer Manager receives a Subscription Agreement or instrument of payment not conforming to the instructions set forth in the form of Participating Dealer Agreement, the Dealer Manager shall return such Subscription Agreement and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Instruments of payment of rejected subscribers will be promptly returned to such subscribers. 
 15 

15. Notice . Notices and other writings contemplated by this Agreement shall be delivered via (i) hand, (ii) first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) a nationally recognized overnight courier or (iv) electronic mail. All such notices shall be addressed, as follows 
 If to the Dealer Manager Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. Attn Michelle Stockman 711 High Street 
 Des Moines, IA 50392 
 Email stockman.michelle principal.com If to the Trust Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust Attn Anne Cook 711 High Street Des Moines, IA 50392 Email cook.anne principal.com 
 Signature Page Follows 
 16 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please indicate your acceptance thereof in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter and your acceptance shall constitute a binding agreement between us as of the date first above written. 
 Very truly yours, 
 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST By s Anne Cook Name Anne Cook Title Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Accepted and agreed to as of the 
 date first above written 
 PRINCIPAL FUNDS DISTRIBUTOR, INC. By s Jill Brown Name Jill Brown Title Managing Director, US Wealth Platform 
 
 Signature Page to Dealer Manager Agreement 

Schedule 1 
 Compensation 
 I. Selling Commissions 
 Subject to certain Participating Broker-Dealers right to retain selling commissions as described in the Participating Dealer Agreement, the Trust will pay to the Dealer Manager selling commissions in the amount of (a) up to 3.0 of the transaction price per share of each Class T Share sold however, such amount may vary pursuant to the Participating Dealer Agreement with certain Participating Broker-Dealers, provided that the sum of upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees shall not exceed 3.5 of the transaction price of each Class T Share sold, (b) up to 3.5 of the transaction price per share of each Class S Share sold and (c) up to 1.5 of the transaction price per share of each Class D Share sold. 
 The Trust will not pay to the Dealer Manager any selling commissions in respect of the purchase of any Class I Shares, Class F-I, Class A Shares and Class E Shares or DRIP Shares. 
 II. Dealer Manager Fees 
 The Trust will pay to the Dealer Manager dealer manager fees in the amount of up to 0.5 of the transaction price per share of each Class T Share sold however, such amount may vary pursuant to the Participating Dealer Agreement with certain Participating Broker-Dealers, provided that the sum of upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees shall not exceed 3.5 of the transaction price of each Class T Share sold. 
 The Trust will not pay to the Dealer Manager any dealer manager fees in respect of the purchase of any Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class I Shares, Class F-I Shares, Class E Shares, Class A Shares or DRIP Shares. 
 III. Servicing Fee 
 The Trust will pay to the Dealer Manager a Servicing Fee with respect to outstanding Class T Shares that is paid monthly in an amount equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class T Shares, consisting of an advisor shareholder servicing fee of 0.65 per annum and a dealer shareholder servicing fee of 0.20 per annum however, such fees may vary pursuant to the Participating Dealer Agreement with certain Participating Broker-Dealers, provided that the sum of the advisor shareholder servicing fee and dealer shareholder servicing fee shall always equal 0.85 per annum. 
 The Trust will pay to the Dealer Manager a Servicing Fee with respect to outstanding Class S Shares that is paid monthly in an amount equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class S Shares. 
 The Trust will pay to the Dealer Manager a Servicing Fee with respect to Class D Shares that is paid monthly in an amount equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of the outstanding Class D Shares. 
 The Trust will not pay the Dealer Manager a Servicing Fee with respect to Class I Shares, Class F-I Shares, Class A or Class E Shares. 

Schedule II 
 QUALIFIED JURISDICTIONS 
 AS OF November 11, 2024 
 United States of America 
 
 2 

Exhibit A 
 FORM OF 
 PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Principal Funds Distributor, Inc., as the dealer manager Dealer Manager for Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, a Maryland statutory trust (the Trust ), invites you Participating Broker-Dealer to participate in the distribution of common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share, of the Trust subject to the following terms 
 I. Dealer Manager Agreement 
 The Dealer Manager has entered into a Dealer Manager Agreement (the Dealer Manager Agreement with the Trust, dated November 11, 2024, attached hereto as Exhibit A. Except as otherwise specifically stated herein, all terms used in this Participating Dealer Agreement (this Agreement have the meanings provided in the Dealer Manager Agreement. 
 As described in the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Trust is conducting a continuous private offering (the Offering in accordance with Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of its Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I, Class F-I, Class A and or Class E common shares of beneficial interest (the Shares ). 
 Upon effectiveness of this Participating Dealer Agreement (this Agreement pursuant to Section XIV below, you will become one of the Participating Broker-Dealers referred to in the Dealer Manager Agreement and will be entitled and subject to the representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Dealer Manager Agreement relating to the rights and obligations of a Participating Broker-Dealer, including, but not limited to, the provisions of Sections 3 regarding suspension of offers and sales of Shares, solicitation of subscriptions of Shares, regulatory compliance, Section 4, wherein each of the Participating Broker-Dealers severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Trust, Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC (the Adviser ), the Dealer Manager and their respective officers, trustees, directors, employees, members, partners, agents and representatives, and each person, if any, who controls such entity within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Section 14 regarding submission of subscriptions for Shares, and Section 12 regarding suitability of investors and compliance procedures for offers and sales of Shares. The Shares are offered solely through broker-dealers who are members in good standing of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ). 
 Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to use its best efforts to sell the Shares for cash on the terms and conditions stated in the Private Placement Memorandum. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to make Participating Broker-Dealer an employee, agent, representative, or partner of the Dealer Manager, the Trust or the Adviser, and Participating Broker-Dealer is not authorized to act for the Dealer Manager, the Trust or the Adviser or to make any representations on their behalf except as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum and the Authorized Sales Materials. In the event that Participating Broker-Dealer uses printed materials in connection with the Offering prepared by the Trust, the Adviser or the Dealer Manager intended for broker-dealer use only or advisor use only, Participating Broker-Dealer shall use such broker-dealer use only or advisor use only materials in accordance with Section VII below. 

II. Submission of Orders 
 Each person desiring to purchase Shares in the Offering will be required to complete and execute a Subscription Agreement and to deliver to Participating Broker-Dealer such completed and executed Subscription Agreement together with a check or wire transfer instrument of payment in the amount of such person s purchase, which must be at least the minimum purchase amount set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum. Those persons who purchase Shares will be instructed by Participating Broker-Dealer to make their instruments of payment payable to or for the benefit of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust . Purchase orders that include a completed and executed Subscription Agreement in good order and instruments of payment received by the Trust at least five (5) business days prior to the last business day of the month (unless waived by the Dealer Manager) will be executed as of the first calendar day of the next month (based on the prior month s transaction price). Subscribers may not submit an initial purchase order until at least five (5) business days after the date on which the subscriber receives a copy of the Private Placement Memorandum. 
 If Participating Broker-Dealer receives a Subscription Agreement or instrument of payment not conforming to the foregoing instructions, Participating Broker-Dealer shall return such Subscription Agreement and instrument of payment directly to such subscriber not later than the end of the next business day following its receipt. Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment received by Participating Broker-Dealer that conform to the foregoing instructions shall be transmitted for deposit pursuant to one of the methods described in this Section II. Transmittal of received investor funds will be made in accordance with the procedures set forth below. 
 Where, pursuant to Participating Broker-Dealer s internal supervisory procedures, internal supervisory review is conducted at the same location at which Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment are received from subscribers, Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by Participating Broker-Dealer to the Trust or its agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Trust. 
 Where, pursuant to Participating Broker-Dealer s internal supervisory procedures, final internal supervisory review is conducted at a different location, Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment will be transmitted by the end of the next business day following receipt by Participating Broker-Dealer to the office of Participating Broker-Dealer conducting such final internal supervisory review (the Final Review Office ). The Final Review Office will, by the end of the next business day following receipt by the Final Review Office, transmit such Subscription Agreements and instruments of payment to the Trust or its agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement or as otherwise directed by the Trust. 
 III. Pricing 
 Except as otherwise provided in the Private Placement Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Shares shall be offered at a purchase price payable in cash generally equal to the Trust s prior month s net asset value NAV per share applicable to the class of Shares being purchased (as calculated in accordance with the procedures described in the Private Placement Memorandum), or at a different offering price made available to investors in cases where the Trust believes there has been a material change to the NAV per Share since the end of the prior month, plus in either case any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. For shareholders who participate in the Trust s distribution reinvestment plan DRIP ), the cash distributions attributable to the class of shares that each shareholder owns will be automatically re-invested in additional shares of the same class. The DRIP Shares will be issued and sold to shareholders of the Trust at a purchase price equal to the then-current Share offering price per share before any applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees transaction price of the applicable class of Shares on the date the distribution is payable. Except as 
 2 

otherwise indicated in the Private Placement Memorandum or in any letter or memorandum sent to Participating Broker-Dealer by the Trust or the Dealer Manager, a minimum initial purchase of 10,000 in Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I, Class F-I, Class A and Class E Shares and additional investments may be made in cash in minimal increments of at least 500 in Shares, unless waived by the Dealer Manager. The Shares are nonassessable. 
 IV. Participating Broker-Dealer s Compensation 
 Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Private Placement Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales and ongoing shareholder services rendered by Participating Broker-Dealer hereunder, Participating Broker-Dealer is entitled, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein, to the compensation set forth on Schedule I hereto, which compensation reflects the payment of all or a portion of the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Servicing Fees received by the Dealer Manager in connection with Shares sold by Participating Broker-Dealer or Shares owned by shareholders to whom Participating Broker-Dealer performs ongoing shareholder services, as applicable. 
 V. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Participating Broker-Dealer 
 In addition to the representations and warranties found elsewhere in this Agreement, Participating Broker-Dealer represents, warrants and agrees that 
 (i) Participating Broker-Dealer is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the state, commonwealth or other jurisdiction in which Participating Broker-Dealer is organized. 
 (ii) Participating Broker-Dealer is empowered under applicable laws and by Participating Broker-Dealer s organizational documents to enter into this Agreement and perform all activities and services of Participating Broker-Dealer provided for herein and that there are no impediments, prior or existing, or regulatory, self-regulatory, administrative, civil or criminal matters affecting Participating Broker-Dealer s ability to perform under this Agreement. 
 (iii) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement the incurrence of the obligations set forth herein and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, including the issuance and sale of the Shares, will not constitute a breach of, or default under, any agreement or instrument by which Participating Broker-Dealer is bound, or to which any of its assets are subject, or any order, rule, or regulation applicable to it of any court, governmental body, or administrative agency having jurisdiction over it. 
 (iv) All requisite actions have been taken to authorize Participating Broker-Dealer to enter into and perform this Agreement. 
 (v) Participating Broker-Dealer shall promptly notify Dealer Manager in writing of any written claim or complaint or any enforcement action or other proceeding with respect to Shares offered hereunder against Participating Broker-Dealer or its principals, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents, or any person who controls Participating Broker-Dealer, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act. 
 (vi) Participating Broker-Dealer will not sell or distribute Shares or otherwise make any such Shares available in any jurisdiction outside of the United States unless Participating Broker-Dealer receives prior written consent from Dealer Manager. 
 3 

(vii) Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges that the Dealer Manager will enter into similar agreements with other broker-dealers, which does not require the consent of Participating Broker-Dealer. 
 (viii) Participating Broker-Dealer has policies and procedures to ensure compliance with FINRA Rule 2030 and is currently in compliance with FINRA Rule 2030. Moreover, Participating Broker-Dealer represents that neither Participating Broker-Dealer nor any of its Covered Associates has made, directly or indirectly, any contributions that prohibit Participating Broker-Dealer from engaging in solicitation activities for compensation under FINRA Rule 2030 (a Triggering Contribution ). Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees that neither it nor its Covered Associates will make a Triggering Contribution or violate FINRA Rule 2030 while engaged hereunder. If Participating Broker-Dealer breaches this provision and becomes aware of a Triggering Contribution or a violation of FINRA Rule 2030, Participating Broker-Dealer shall promptly provide written notice to the Dealer Manager of the nature of the ban or violation. As used herein, Covered Associate means ay (i) general partner, managing member or executive officer of Participating Broker-Dealer, as well as any person with a similar status or function, (ii) any associated person of Participating Broker-Dealer who engages in distribution or solicitation activities with a government entity, (iii) any associated person of Participating Broker-Dealer who supervises, directly or indirectly, the government entity distribution or solicitation activities of a person in (ii) above, and (iv) any political action committee controlled by Participating Broker-Dealer or one of its Covered Associates. 
 VI. Right to Reject Orders or Cancel Sales 
 All orders, whether initial or additional, are subject to acceptance by and shall only become effective upon confirmation by the Trust, which reserves the right to reject any order for any reason or no reason including, without limitation, orders not accompanied by an executed Subscription Agreement in good order or without the required instrument of payment in full payment for the Shares. Issuance and delivery of the Shares will be made only after actual receipt of payment therefor. If any check is not paid upon presentment, or if the Trust is not in actual receipt of clearinghouse funds or cash, certified or cashier s check or the equivalent in payment for the Shares, the Trust reserves the right to cancel the sale without notice. 
 In the event that the Dealer Manager has reallowed any selling commission or dealer manager fee to Participating Broker-Dealer for the sale of one or more Shares and the subscription is rejected, canceled or rescinded for any reason as to one or more of the Shares covered by such subscription, Participating Broker-Dealer shall pay the amount specified to the Dealer Manager within ten (10) days following mailing of notice to Participating Broker-Dealer by the Dealer Manager stating the amount owed as a result of rescinded or rejected subscriptions. Further, if Participating Broker-Dealer has retained selling commissions in connection with an order that is subsequently rejected, canceled or rescinded for any reason, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to return to the subscriber any selling commission theretofore retained by Participating Broker-Dealer with respect to such order within three (3) days following mailing of notice to Participating Broker-Dealer by the Dealer Manager stating the amount owed as a result of rescinded or rejected subscriptions. If Participating Broker-Dealer fails to pay any such amounts, the Dealer Manager shall have the right to offset such amounts owed against future compensation due and otherwise payable to Participating Broker-Dealer (it being understood and agreed that such right to offset shall not be in limitation of any other rights or remedies that the Dealer Manager may have in connection with such failure). 
 4 

VII. Private Placement Memorandum and Authorized Sales Materials Compliance with Laws 
 Participating Broker-Dealer is not authorized or permitted to give, and will not give, any information or make any representation (written or oral) concerning the Shares except as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum and the Authorized Sales Materials. The Dealer Manager will supply Participating Broker-Dealer with reasonable quantities of the Private Placement Memorandum, as well as any Authorized Sales Materials for delivery to investors, and Participating Broker-Dealer will deliver a copy of the Private Placement Memorandum to each investor to whom an offer is made prior to or simultaneously with the first solicitation of an offer to sell the Shares to an investor. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that it will not send or give any supplements to the Private Placement Memorandum, any amended Private Placement Memorandum or any Authorized Sales Materials to that investor unless it has previously sent or given a Private Placement Memorandum and all supplements thereto and any amended Private Placement Memorandum to that investor or has simultaneously sent or given a Private Placement Memorandum and all supplements thereto and any amended Private Placement Memorandum with such Private Placement Memorandum supplement, amended Private Placement Memorandum or Authorized Sales Materials. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that it will not show or give to any investor or prospective investor or reproduce any material or writing that is supplied to it by the Dealer Manager and marked broker-dealer use only or advisor use only or otherwise bearing a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the offer or sale of Shares. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that it will not use in connection with the offer or sale of Shares any materials or writings which have not been previously approved by the Trust in writing other than the Private Placement Memorandum and the Authorized Sales Materials. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to comply with all the applicable requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, conduct rules of FINRA and any other foreign, state or local securities or other laws or rules of FINRA or any other applicable self-regulatory agency in offering and selling Shares. 
 On becoming a Participating Broker-Dealer, and in offering and selling Shares, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to comply with all the applicable requirements imposed upon it under (a) the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under both such acts, (b) all applicable state securities laws and regulations as from time to time in effect, (c) any other state, federal, foreign and other laws and regulations applicable to the Offering, the sale of Shares or the activities of Participating Broker-Dealer pursuant to this Agreement, including without limitation the privacy standards and requirements of state and federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (the GLB Act ), and the laws governing money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including the applicable rules of the SEC and FINRA, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA PATRIOT Act) of 2001, as amended (the USA PATRIOT Act ), and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Control at the Department of the Treasury, and (d) this Agreement and the Private Placement Memorandum as amended and supplemented. With respect to Participating Broker-Dealer s use of electronic delivery of offering documents or subscription agreements and electronic signatures, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to comply with the applicable requirements of the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act referred to therein, each as may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement or the payment of any amount to Participating Broker-Dealer, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to pay Participating Broker-Dealer s proportionate share of any claim, demand or liability asserted against Participating Broker-Dealer and the other Participating Broker-Dealers on the basis that such Participating Broker-Dealers or any of them constitute an association, unincorporated business or other separate entity, including in each case such Participating Broker-Dealer s proportionate share of any expenses incurred in defending against any such claim, demand or liability. 
 5 

VIII. License and Association Membership 
 Participating Broker-Dealer s acceptance of this Agreement constitutes a representation to the Trust and the Dealer Manager that Participating Broker-Dealer is a properly registered or licensed broker-dealer, duly authorized to sell Shares under federal and state securities laws and regulations in all states where it offers or sells Shares, and that it is a member in good standing of FINRA. Participating Broker-Dealer represents and warrants that it is its sole responsibility to ensure that its representatives are properly registered and licensed as required by any applicable law, rule or regulation. This Agreement shall automatically terminate if Participating Broker-Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA or with the securities commission of the state in which Participating Broker-Dealer s principal office is located. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if Participating Broker-Dealer ceases to be a member in good standing of FINRA or with the securities commission of any state in which Participating Broker-Dealer is currently registered or licensed, or in the case of a foreign dealer, so to conform. Participating Broker-Dealer also hereby agrees to abide by the conduct rules set forth in the FINRA rulebook FINRA Rules ). 
 IX. Limitation of Offer Suitability 
 The Shares shall only be offered or sold in the United States. In connection with an Offering, Participating Broker-Dealer shall not approach or contact any prospective investor that is located outside of the United States without the prior written consent of the Dealer Manager. Shares are available for purchase by persons meeting the suitability standards described in the Private Placement Memorandum. Participating Broker-Dealer will offer Shares only to persons who meet the respective suitability standards, minimum investment requirements, and investor qualifications for the Shares as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum and in accordance with the offering and conditions contained therein, or in any suitability letter or memorandum sent to it by the Trust or the Dealer Manager. Notwithstanding the qualification of the Shares for sale in any respective jurisdiction (or the exemption therefrom), and the Dealer Manager s written consent for Participating Broker-Dealer to offer Shares in such jurisdiction. Participating Broker-Dealer represents, warrants and covenants that it will not offer Shares and will not permit any of its registered representatives to offer Shares in any jurisdiction unless both Participating Broker-Dealer and such registered representative are duly licensed to transact securities business in such jurisdiction. In offering Shares, Participating Broker-Dealer will comply with the provisions of FINRA Rules, as well as all other applicable rules and regulations relating to suitability of investors. Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges and agrees that the marketing of Shares to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) will rely on Rule 506(b) under Regulation D under the Securities Act as a safe harbor from registration under Securities Act. The Participating Broker-Dealer represents, warrants and covenants that it will not offer or sell Shares by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act), including but not limited to (A) any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio and (B) any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising. 
 Participating Broker-Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that neither Participating Broker-Dealer, nor any person associated with Participating Broker-Dealer, shall offer or sell Shares in any jurisdiction except to investors who satisfy the investor suitability standards and minimum investment requirements under the most restrictive of the following (a) applicable provisions described in the Private Placement Memorandum, including status as an accredited investor (b) applicable laws of the jurisdiction of which such investor is a resident or (c) applicable FINRA Rules. Participating Broker-Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that Participating Broker-Dealer, or a person associated with Participating Broker-Dealer, will make every reasonable effort to determine the suitability and 
 6 

appropriateness of an investment in Shares of each proposed investor by reviewing documents and records disclosing the basis upon which the determination as to suitability was reached as to each purchaser of Shares pursuant to a subscription solicited by Participating Broker-Dealer, whether such documents and records relate to accounts which have been closed, accounts which are currently maintained, or accounts hereafter established. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to retain such documents and records in Participating Broker-Dealer s records for a period of six (6) years from the date of the applicable sale of Shares, to otherwise comply with the record keeping requirements provided in Section XII below and to make such documents and records available to (i) the Dealer Manager and the Trust upon request, and (ii) representatives of the SEC, FINRA and applicable state securities administrators upon Participating Broker-Dealer s receipt of an appropriate document subpoena or other appropriate request for documents from any such agency. Participating Broker-Dealer further represents, warrants and covenants that it will notify Dealer Manager in writing if an investment in the Shares becomes no longer suitable or appropriate for a proposed investor prior to the acceptance of the order by the Trust. Participating Broker-Dealer shall not purchase any Shares for a discretionary account without obtaining the prior written approval of Participating Broker-Dealer s customer and his or her signature on a Subscription Agreement. 
 X. Disclosure Review Confidentiality of Information 
 Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that it shall have reasonable grounds to believe, based on the information made available to it through the Private Placement Memorandum or other materials, that all material facts are adequately and accurately disclosed in the Private Placement Memorandum and provide a basis for evaluating the Shares. In making this determination, Participating Broker-Dealer shall evaluate, at a minimum, items of compensation, physical properties, tax aspects, financial stability and experience of the sponsor, conflicts of interest and risk factors, and appraisals and other pertinent reports. If Participating Broker-Dealer relies upon the results of any inquiry conducted by another member or members of FINRA, Participating Broker-Dealer shall have reasonable grounds to believe that such inquiry was conducted with due care, that the member or members conducting or directing the inquiry consented to the disclosure of the results of the inquiry and that the person who participated in or conducted the inquiry is not the Dealer Manager or a sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor of the Trust. 
 It is anticipated that (i) Participating Broker-Dealer and Participating Broker-Dealer s officers, directors, managers, employees, owners, members, partners, home office diligence personnel or other agents of Participating Broker-Dealer that are conducting a due diligence inquiry on behalf of Participating Broker-Dealer and (ii) persons or committees, as the case may be, responsible for determining whether Participating Broker-Dealer will participate in the Offering ((i) and (ii) are collectively, the Diligence Representatives either have previously or will in the future have access to certain Confidential Information (defined below) pertaining to the Trust, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser or their respective affiliates. For purposes hereof, Confidential Information shall mean and include (i) trade secrets concerning the business and affairs of the Trust, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (ii) confidential data, know-how, current and planned research and development, current and planned methods and processes, marketing lists or strategies, slide presentations, business plans, however documented, belonging to the Trust, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (iii) information concerning the business and affairs of the Trust, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, or their respective affiliates (including, without limitation, historical financial statements, financial projections and budgets, investment-related information, models, budgets, plans, and market studies, however documented (iv) any information marked or designated Confidential For Due Diligence Purposes Only and (v) any notes, analysis, compilations, studies, summaries and other material containing or based, in whole or in part, on any information included in the foregoing. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to keep, and to cause its Diligence Representatives to keep, all such 
 7 

Confidential Information strictly confidential and to not use, distribute or copy the same except in connection with Participating Broker-Dealer s due diligence inquiry. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to not disclose, and to cause its Diligence Representatives not to disclose, such Confidential Information to the public, or to Participating Broker-Dealer s sales staff, financial advisors, or any person involved in selling efforts related to the Offering or to any other third party and agrees not to use the Confidential Information in any manner in the offer and sale of the Shares. Participating Broker-Dealer further agrees to use all reasonable precautions necessary to preserve the confidentiality of such Confidential Information, including, but not limited to (a) limiting access to such information to persons who have a need to know such information only for the purpose of Participating Broker-Dealer s due diligence inquiry and (b) informing each recipient of such Confidential Information of Participating Broker-Dealer s confidentiality obligation. Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges that Participating Broker-Dealer or its Diligence Representatives may previously have received Confidential Information in connection with preliminary due diligence on the Trust, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any such previously received Confidential Information. Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges that Participating Broker-Dealer or its Diligence Representatives may in the future receive Confidential Information either in individual or collective meetings or telephone calls with the Trust, and agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall apply to any Confidential Information received in the future through any source or medium. Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges the restrictions and limitations of Regulation F-D promulgated by the SEC and agrees that the foregoing restrictions are necessary and appropriate in order for the Trust to comply therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed (a) if approved in writing for disclosure by the Trust or the Dealer Manager, (b) pursuant to a subpoena or as required by law, or (c) as required by regulation, rule, order or request of any governing or self-regulatory organization (including the SEC or FINRA), provided that Participating Broker-Dealer shall notify the Dealer Manager in advance if practicable under the circumstances of any attempt to obtain Confidential Information pursuant to provisions (b) and (c). 
 XI. Participating Broker-Dealer s Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Rules and Regulations 
 Participating Broker-Dealer hereby represents that it has complied and will comply with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in connection with broker dealers anti-money laundering obligations. Participating Broker-Dealer hereby represents that it has adopted and implemented, and will maintain a written anti-money laundering compliance program AML Program including, without limitation, anti-money laundering policies and procedures relating to customer identification in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including federal and state securities laws, applicable rules of FINRA, and the USA PATRIOT Act and the implementing rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In accordance with these applicable laws and regulations and its AML Program, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to verify the identity of its new customers to maintain customer records and to check the names of new customers against government watch lists, including the Office of Foreign Asset Control s (OFAC) list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Additionally, Participating Broker-Dealer will monitor account activity to identify patterns of unusual size or volume, geographic factors and any other red flags described in the USA PATRIOT Act as potential signals of money laundering or terrorist financing. Participating Broker-Dealer will submit to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network any required suspicious activity reports about such activity and further will disclose such activity to applicable federal and state law enforcement when required by law. Upon request by the Dealer Manager at any time, Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to furnish (a) a copy of its AML Program to the Dealer Manager for review, and (b) a copy of the findings and any remedial actions taken in connection with Participating Broker-Dealer s most recent independent testing of its AML Program. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to notify the Dealer Manager immediately if Participating Broker-Dealer is subject to a FINRA disclosure event or fine from 
 8 

FINRA related to its AML Program or if such Participating Broker-Dealer becomes aware of any situation that leads such Participating Broker-Dealer to believe or reasonably suspect that a client invested in the Trust is or may be involved in money laundering or terrorist financing activities. 
 XII. Privacy 
 Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to abide by and comply in all respects with (a) the privacy standards and requirements of the GLB Act and applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, (b) the privacy standards and requirements of any other applicable federal or state law, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA and (c) its own internal privacy policies and procedures, each as may be amended from time to time. 
 The parties hereto acknowledge that from time to time, Participating Broker-Dealer may share with the Trust and the Trust may share with Participating Broker-Dealer nonpublic personal information (as defined under the GLB Act) of customers of Participating Broker-Dealer. This nonpublic personal information may include, but is not limited to a customer s name, address, telephone number, social security number, account information and personal financial information. Participating Broker-Dealer shall only be granted access to such nonpublic personal information of each of its customers that pertains to the period or periods during which Participating Broker-Dealer served as the broker-dealer of record for such customer s account. Participating Broker-Dealer, the Dealer Manager and the Trust shall not disclose nonpublic personal information of any customers who have opted out of such disclosures, except (a) to service providers (when necessary and as permitted under the GLB Act), (b) to carry out the purposes for which one party discloses such nonpublic personal information to another party under this Agreement (when necessary and as permitted under the GLB Act) or (c) as otherwise required by applicable law. Any nonpublic personal information that one party receives from another party shall be subject to the limitations on usage described in this Section XII. Except as expressly permitted under the FCRA, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees that it shall not disclose any information that would be considered a consumer report under the FCRA. 
 Participating Broker-Dealer shall be responsible for determining which customers have opted out of the disclosure of nonpublic personal information by periodically reviewing and, if necessary, retrieving a list of such customers (the List to identify customers that have exercised their opt-out rights. In the event Participating Broker-Dealer, the Dealer Manager or the Trust expects to use or disclose nonpublic personal information of any customer for purposes other than as set forth in this Section XII, it must first consult the List to determine whether the affected customer has exercised his or her opt-out rights. The use or disclosure of any nonpublic personal information of any customer that is identified on the List as having opted out of such disclosures, except as set forth in this Section XII, shall be prohibited. 
 Participating Broker-Dealer shall implement commercially reasonable measures in compliance with industry best practices designed (a) to assure the security and confidentiality of nonpublic personal information of all customers (b) to protect such information against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information (c) to protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, such information that could result in material harm to any customer (d) to protect against unauthorized disclosure of such information to unaffiliated third parties and (e) to otherwise ensure its compliance with all applicable privacy standards and requirements of federal or state law (including, but not limited to, the GLB Act), and any other applicable legal or regulatory requirements. Participating Broker-Dealer further agrees to cause all its agents, representatives, affiliates, subcontractors, or any other party to whom Participating Broker-Dealer provides access to or discloses nonpublic personal information of customers to implement appropriate measures designed to meet the objectives set forth in this Section XII. 
 9 

XIII. Participating Broker-Dealer s Undertaking to Not Facilitate a Secondary Market in the Shares 
 Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges that there is no public trading market for the Shares and that there are limits on the ownership, transferability and repurchase of the Shares, which significantly limit the liquidity of an investment in the Shares. Participating Broker-Dealer also acknowledges that the Trust s share repurchase plan (the Plan provides only a limited opportunity for investors to have their Shares purchased by the Trust and that the Trust s board of trustees may, in its sole discretion, amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan at any time in accordance with the terms of the Plan. Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees that so long as the Trust has not listed the Shares on a national securities exchange, Participating Broker-Dealer will not engage in any action or transaction that would facilitate or otherwise create the appearance of a secondary market in the Shares without the prior written approval of the Dealer Manager. 
 XIV. Arbitration 
 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising between the parties relating to this Agreement (whether such dispute arises under any federal, state or local statute or regulation, or at common law), shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration administered in accordance with the then-current commercial arbitration rules of FINRA in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including the governing law provisions of this Agreement and pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 1 16). The parties will request that the arbitrator or arbitration panel Arbitrator issue written findings of fact and conclusions of law. The Arbitrator shall not be empowered to make any award or render any judgment for punitive damages, and the Arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable law in construing this Agreement, making awards, and rendering judgments. The decision of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding, and judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. All arbitration hearings will be held at the New York City FINRA District Office or at another mutually agreed upon site. The parties may agree on a single arbitrator, or, if the parties cannot so agree, each party will have the right to choose one arbitrator, and the selected arbitrators will choose a third arbitrator. Each arbitrator must have experience and education that qualify him or her to competently address the specific issues to be designated for arbitration. Notwithstanding the preceding, no party will be prevented from immediately seeking provisional remedies in courts of competent jurisdiction, including but not limited to, temporary restraining orders and preliminary injunctions, but such remedies will not be sought as a means to avoid or stay arbitration. 
 XV. Termination 
 Participating Broker-Dealer will suspend or terminate its offer and sale of Shares upon the request of the Trust or the Dealer Manager at any time and will resume its offer and sale of Shares hereunder upon subsequent request of the Trust or the Dealer Manager. Any party may terminate this Agreement by written notice. Such termination shall be effective 48 hours after the mailing or other transmission of such notice by the methods provided in Section XVII below. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, between the parties hereto. 
 This Agreement may be amended at any time by the Dealer Manager by written notice to Participating Broker-Dealer, and any such amendment shall be deemed accepted by Participating Broker-Dealer upon placement of an order for sale of Shares by such Participating Broker-Dealer s customer after Participating Broker-Dealer has received such notice. 
 The respective agreements and obligations of the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealer set forth in Sections IV, VI, VII, and XIII through XVII of this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. 
 10 

XVI. Use of Trust and Principal Names 
 Except as expressly provided herein, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the Dealer Manager of any consent that would otherwise be required under this Agreement or applicable law prior to the use of Participating Broker-Dealer of the name or identifying marks of the Trust, the Dealer Manager, Principal or Principal Real Estate (or any combination or derivation thereof). The Dealer Manager reserves the right to withdraw its consent to the use of the Trust s name at any time and to request to review any materials generated by Participating Broker-Dealer that use the Trust s or Principal s name or mark. Any such consent is expressly subject to the continuation of this Agreement and shall terminate with the termination of this Agreement as provided herein. 
 XVII. Notice 
 Notices and other writings contemplated by this Agreement shall be delivered via (i) hand, (ii) first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) a nationally recognized overnight courier or (iv) electronic mail. All such notices shall be addressed, as follows 
 If to the Dealer Manager Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. Attn Michelle Stockman 711 High Street 
 Des Moines, IA 50392 Email stockman.michelle principal.com If to Participating Broker-Dealer To the address specified by Participating Broker-Dealer herein. 
 XVIII. Attorney s Fees and Applicable Law 
 In any action to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or to secure damages for its breach, the prevailing party shall recover its costs and reasonable attorney s fees. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of New York and shall take effect when signed by Participating Broker-Dealer and countersigned by the Dealer Manager. Venue for any action (including arbitration) shall lie exclusively in New York, New York. 
 XIX. No Partnership 
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted to constitute Participating Broker-Dealer as an employee, agent or representative of, or in association with or in partnership with, the Dealer Manager, the Trust or the other Participating Broker-Dealers instead, this Agreement shall only constitute Participating Broker-Dealer as a dealer authorized by the Dealer Manager to sell the Shares according to the terms set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum as amended and supplemented and in this Agreement. 
 XX. ERISA Matters 
 The parties agree as follows 
 (a) Participating Broker-Dealer is a broker-dealer registered under the Exchange Act. 
 11 

(b) To the extent Participating Broker-Dealer (or its registered representatives) uses or relies on any of the information, tools and materials that the Dealer Manager, the Trust, the Adviser, the sponsor of the Trust or each of their respective affiliates and related parties (collectively, the Trust Parties provides directly to Participating Broker-Dealer (or its registered representatives), without direct charge, for use in connection with Participating Broker-Dealer s Retirement Customers (which include a plan, plan fiduciary, plan participant or beneficiary, individual retirement account IRA or IRA owner subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )), Participating Broker-Dealer will act as a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code (as applicable), and will be responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the retirement account transaction. 
 (c) Certain of the Trust Parties have financial interests associated with the purchase of Shares of the Trust, including the fees, expense reimbursements and other payments they anticipate receiving in connection with the purchase of Shares of the Trust, as described in the Private Placement Memorandum. 
 (d) To the extent that Participating Broker-Dealer provides investment advice to its Retirement Customers, Participating Broker-Dealer will do so in a fiduciary capacity under ERISA or the Code, or both, and Participating Broker-Dealer is responsible for exercising independent judgment with respect to any investment advice it provides to its Retirement Customers. 
 (e) Participating Broker-Dealer is independent of Dealer Manager and Dealer Manager is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice to Participating Broker-Dealer or its Retirement Customers. 
 XXI. Electronic Signatures and Electronic Delivery of Documents. Electronic Signatures . 
 (a) Electronic Signatures . If Participating Broker-Dealer has adopted or adopts a process by which persons may authorize certain account-related transactions and or requests, in whole or in part, by Electronic Signature (as such term is defined by the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and applicable rules, regulations and or guidance relating to the use of electronic signatures issued by the SEC and FINRA including, as applicable, the Electronic Signature Law), to the extent the Trust allows the use of Electronic Signature, in whole or in part, Dealer represents that (i) each Electronic Signature will be genuine (ii) each Electronic Signature will represent the signature of the person required to sign the Subscription Agreement or other form to which such Electronic Signature is affixed (iii) Participating Broker-Dealer will comply with all applicable the terms of the Electronic Signature Law and (iv) Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to the Electronic Signature Use Indemnity Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 (f) Electronic Delivery . If Participating Broker-Dealer intends to use electronic delivery to distribute the Private Placement Memorandum or other documents related to the Trust to any person, Participating Broker-Dealer will comply with all applicable rules, regulations and or guidance relating to the electronic delivery of documents issued by the SEC and FINRA and any other applicable laws or regulations related to the electronic delivery of offering documents including, as appropriate, Electronic Signature Law. Participating Broker-Dealer shall obtain and document its receipt of the informed consent to receive documents electronically of persons, which documentation shall be maintained by Participating Broker-Dealer and made available to the Trust and or the Dealer Manager upon request. 
 
 12 

THE DEALER MANAGER 
 PRINCIPAL FUNDS DISTRIBUTOR, INC. 
 Date 
 We have read the foregoing Agreement and we hereby accept and agree to the terms and conditions therein set forth. We hereby represent that the list below of jurisdictions in which we are registered or licensed as a broker or dealer and are fully authorized to sell securities is true and correct, and we agree to advise you of any change in such list during the term of this Agreement. 
 1. IDENTITY OF PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER 
 Company Name Type of entity (Corporation, Partnership or Proprietorship) Organized in the State of Licensed as broker-dealer in all States Yes No If no, list all States licensed as broker-dealer Tax ID# 2. Person to receive notices delivered pursuant to the Agreement. Name Company Address City, State and Zip Telephone Fax Email 
 13 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY PARTICIPATING BROKER-DEALER 
 (Participating Broker-Dealer s Firm Name) By Signature Name Title Date 
 14 

SCHEDULE I 
 ADDENDUM 
 TO 
 PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT WITH 
 PRINCIPAL FUNDS DISTRIBUTOR, INC. 
 Name of Participating Broker-Dealer 
 The following (the Addendum reflects the selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Servicing Fees as agreed upon between Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. (the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealer, effective as of the effective date of the Participating Dealer Agreement (the Agreement between the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealer in connection with the offering of Shares of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust (the Trust ). 
 Upfront Selling Commissions and Dealer Manager Fees 
 Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Private Placement Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales (as defined below) by Participating Broker-Dealer of Class T, Class S and Class D Shares that Participating Broker-Dealer is authorized to sell and for services rendered by Participating Broker-Dealer hereunder, the Dealer Manager shall reallow to Participating Broker-Dealer an upfront selling commission in an amount equal to the percentage set forth below of the transaction price per Share on such completed sales of Class T, Class S and Class D Shares, as applicable, by Participating Broker-Dealer. Participating Broker-Dealer shall not receive selling commissions for sales of any DRIP Shares, or for sales of any Class I, Class F-I, Class A or Class E Shares. For purposes of this Schedule I , a completed sale shall occur if and only if a transaction has closed with a subscriber for Shares pursuant to all applicable offering and subscription documents, payment for the Shares has been received by the Trust in full in the manner provided in Section II of the Agreement, the Trust has accepted the subscription agreement of such subscriber, and the Trust has thereafter distributed the selling commission to the Dealer Manager in connection with such transaction. 
 Except as may be provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Private Placement Memorandum, which may be amended or supplemented from time to time, as compensation for completed sales by Participating Broker-Dealer of Class T Shares that Participating Broker-Dealer is authorized to sell and for services rendered by Participating Broker-Dealer hereunder, the Dealer Manager shall reallow to Participating Broker-Dealer an upfront dealer manager fee in an amount equal to the percentage set forth below of the transaction price per share on such completed sales of Class T Shares by Participating Broker-Dealer. Participating Broker-Dealer shall not receive dealer manager fees for sales of any DRIP Shares, or for sales of any Class S, Class D, Class E, Class F-I, Class A or Class I Shares. 
 Participating Broker-Dealer may withhold the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, if applicable, to which it is entitled pursuant to the Agreement, this Schedule I and the Private Placement Memorandum from the purchase price for the Shares in the Offering and forward the balance to the Trust or its agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement if it represents to the Dealer Manager that (i) Participating Broker-Dealer is legally permitted to do so and (ii) (A) Participating Broker-Dealer meets all applicable net capital requirements under the Rules of FINRA or other applicable rules regarding such an arrangement (B) Participating Broker-Dealer has forwarded the Subscription Agreement to the Trust or its agent within the time required under Section II of the Agreement, and received the Trust s written acceptance of the subscription prior to forwarding the purchase price for the Shares, net of the selling commissions and dealer manager fees, if applicable, to which Participating Broker-Dealer is entitled, to the Trust or its agent and (C) Participating Broker-Dealer has verified that there are sufficient funds in the investor s account with Participating Broker-Dealer to cover the entire cost of the subscription. 
 I-1 

Participating Broker-Dealer shall wire such subscription funds to the Trust or its agent as set forth in the Subscription Agreement by the end of the second business day following receipt of the Trust s written acceptance of the subscription. 
 Participating Broker-Dealer shall be responsible for implementing the volume discounts described in or as otherwise provided in the Plan of Distribution section of the Private Placement Memorandum. Requests to combine purchase orders of Class T, Class D or Class S Shares as a part of a combined order for the purpose of qualifying for discounts as described in the Plan of Distribution section of the Private Placement Memorandum must be made in writing by Participating Broker-Dealer, and any resulting reduction in selling commissions or dealer manager fees will be prorated among the separate subscribers. 
 Terms and Conditions of the Servicing Fees 
 The payment of the Servicing Fee to Participating Broker-Dealer is subject to terms and conditions set forth herein and the Private Placement Memorandum as may be amended or supplemented from time to time. If Participating Broker-Dealer elects to sell Class T, Class S or Class D Shares, eligibility to receive the Servicing Fee with respect to the Class T, Class S or Class D Shares, as applicable, sold by Participating Broker-Dealer is conditioned upon Participating Broker-Dealer acting as broker-dealer of record with respect to such Shares and complying with the requirements set forth below, including providing shareholder and account maintenance services with respect to such Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, such services are non-distribution services, other than those primarily intended to result in the sale of Shares. 
 (i) the existence of an effective Participating Dealer Agreement or ongoing Servicing Agreement between the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealer, and 
 (ii) the provision of services with respect to the Class T, Class S or Class D Shares, as applicable, by Participating Broker-Dealer, which may include one or more, without limitation and as appropriate, of the following 
 1. assistance with recordkeeping, including maintaining records for and on behalf of Participating Broker-Dealer s customers reflecting transactions and balances of Shares owned, 
 2. transmitting shareholder communications to its customers from the Trust or the Dealer Manager, including the Private Placement Memorandum, annual and periodic reports, and proxy statements, 
 3. establishing an account and providing ongoing account maintenance, 
 4. assistance with and answering investor inquiries regarding the Trust, including distribution payments and reinvestment decisions, 
 5. helping investors understand their investments, 
 6. Share repurchase requests, 
 7. assistance with Share conversion processing, or 
 8. providing such other similar services as the shareholder may reasonably require in connection with its investment in the class of Shares. 
 I-2 

With respect to Class T Shares, the financial advisor of Participating Broker-Dealer responsible for the sale of such Class T Shares is expected to provide one or more of the services listed in items 3 through 8 above. In connection with this provision, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to reasonably cooperate to provide certification to the Trust, the Participating Broker-Dealer Manager, and its agents (including its auditors) confirming the provision of services to each particular class of shareholders upon reasonable request. 
 Participating Broker-Dealer hereby represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Servicing Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements and is providing the above-described services. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to promptly notify Dealer Manager if it is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to some or all of the Class T, Class S or Class D Shares giving rise to such Servicing Fees or if it no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions set forth above. 
 Subject to the conditions described herein, the Dealer Manager will reallow to Participating Broker-Dealer the Servicing Fee in an amount described below, on Class T, Class S or Class D Shares, as applicable, sold by Participating Broker-Dealer. To the extent payable, the Servicing Fee will accrue monthly based on the Trust s then-current NAV of the Shares of such class and will be payable monthly in arrears as provided in the Private Placement Memorandum. All determinations regarding the total amount and rate of reallowance of the Servicing Fee, Participating Broker-Dealer s compliance with the listed conditions, and the portion retained by the Dealer Manager will be made by the Dealer Manager in its sole discretion. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms of the Private Placement Memorandum, at such time as Participating Broker-Dealer is no longer the broker-dealer of record with respect to such Class T, Class S or Class D Shares or that Participating Broker-Dealer no longer satisfies any or all of the conditions set forth above, then Participating Broker-Dealer s entitlement to the Servicing Fees related to such Class T, Class S and Class D Shares, as applicable, shall cease, and Participating Broker-Dealer shall not receive the Servicing Fee for any month in which Participating Broker-Dealer is not eligible on the last day of such month. Broker-dealer transfers will be made effective as of the start of the first business day of a month. 
 Thereafter, such Servicing Fees may be reallowed to the then-current broker-dealer of record of the Class T, Class S and Class D Shares, as applicable, if any such broker-dealer of record has been designated (the Servicing Dealer ), to the extent such Servicing Dealer has entered into a Participating Dealer Agreement or similar agreement with the Dealer Manager Servicing Agreement and such Participating Dealer Agreement or Servicing Agreement with the Servicing Dealer provides for such reallowance. In this regard, all determinations will be made by the Dealer Manager in good faith in its sole discretion. Participating Broker-Dealer is not entitled to any Servicing Fee with respect to Class I, Class F-I, Class A or Class E Shares. The Dealer Manager may also reallow some or all of the Servicing Fee to other broker-dealers who provide services with respect to the Shares (who shall be considered additional Servicing Dealers) pursuant to a Servicing Agreement with the Dealer Manager to the extent such Servicing Agreement provides for such reallowance and such additional Servicing Dealer is in compliance with the terms of such agreement related to such reallowance, in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Agreement. 
 As described in the Private Placement Memorandum, the Trust and the Dealer Manager shall cease paying the Servicing Fee with respect to any Class T Shares, Class S and Class D Shares held in a shareholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with the transfer agent, determines that total selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Servicing Fees paid with respect to such Shares would exceed any applicable limit set by a participating broker-dealer set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a Participating Broker-Dealer at the time such shares were issued. At the end of such month, such Class T, Class S and Class D Shares (and 
 I-3 

any Shares issued under the DRIP with respect thereto) held in a shareholder s account shall automatically convert without any action on the part of the holder thereof into a number of Class I Shares (including any fractional Shares) with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Shares. In addition, the Trust and the Dealer Manager will cease paying the Servicing Fee on Class T, Class S and Class D Shares in connection with such Offering upon the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I Shares or (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Trust with or into another entity or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Trust s assets, in each case in a transaction in which the Trust s shareholders receive cash or shares listed on a national stock exchange. For purposes of this Schedule I , the portion of the Servicing Fee accruing with respect to Class T, Class S and Class D Shares of the Trust s common shares issued (publicly or privately) by the Trust during the term of a particular Offering, and not issued pursuant to a prior Offering, shall be underwriting compensation with respect to such particular Offering and not with respect to any other Offering. 
 General 
 Selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Servicing Fees due to Participating Broker-Dealer pursuant to this Agreement will be paid to Participating Broker-Dealer within 30 days after receipt by the Dealer Manager. Participating Broker-Dealer, in its sole discretion, may authorize Dealer Manager to deposit selling commissions, dealer manager fees, Servicing Fees or other payments due to it pursuant to this Agreement directly to its bank account. If Participating Broker-Dealer so elects, Participating Broker-Dealer shall provide such deposit authorization and instructions in Schedule II to this Agreement. 
 The parties hereby agree that the foregoing selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Servicing Fee are not in excess of the usual and customary distributors or sellers commission received in the sale of securities similar to the Shares, that Participating Broker-Dealer s interest in the Offering is limited to such selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Servicing Fee from the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealer s indemnity referred to in Section 4 of the Dealer Manager Agreement, and that the Trust is not liable or responsible for the direct payment of such selling commissions and reallowed dealer manager fees and Servicing Fee to Participating Broker-Dealer. 
 Except as otherwise described under Upfront Selling Commissions above, Participating Broker-Dealer waives any and all rights to receive compensation, including the dealer manager fees and Servicing Fee, until it is paid to and received by the Dealer Manager. Participating Broker-Dealer acknowledges and agrees that if the Trust pays selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Servicing Fees, as applicable, to the Dealer Manager, the Trust is relieved of any obligation for selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Servicing Fees, as applicable, to Participating Broker-Dealer. The Trust may rely on and use the preceding acknowledgement as a defense against any claim by Participating Broker-Dealer for selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Servicing Fees, as applicable, the Trust pays to Dealer Manager but that Dealer Manager fails to remit to Participating Broker-Dealer. Participating Broker-Dealer affirms that the Dealer Manager s liability for selling commissions and dealer manager fees payable and the Servicing Fee is limited solely to the proceeds of selling commissions, dealer manager fees and the Servicing Fee, as applicable, receivable from the Trust and Participating Broker-Dealer hereby waives any and all rights to receive payment of selling commissions or any reallowance of dealer manager fees or the Servicing Fee, as applicable, due until such time as the Dealer Manager is in receipt of the selling commission, dealer manager fee or Servicing Fee, as applicable, from the Trust. Notwithstanding the above, Participating Broker-Dealer affirms that, to the extent Participating Broker-Dealer retains selling commissions as described above under Upfront Selling Commissions, neither the Trust nor the Dealer Manager shall have liability for selling commissions payable to Participating Broker-Dealer, and that Participating Broker-Dealer is solely responsible for retaining the selling commissions due to Participating Broker-Dealer from the subscription funds received by Participating Broker-Dealer from its customers for the purchase of Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 I-4 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Participating Broker-Dealer will not be entitled to receive any selling commissions, dealer manager fees or Servicing Fee that would cause the aggregate amount of selling commissions, dealer manager fees, Servicing Fees and other forms of underwriting compensation paid from any source in connection with the Offering to exceed any agreed upon amount. 
 Due Diligence 
 In addition, as set forth in the Private Placement Memorandum, the Dealer Manager or, in certain cases at the option of the Trust, the Trust, will pay or reimburse Participating Broker-Dealer for reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses incurred by Participating Broker-Dealer in connection with the Offering. Such due diligence expenses may include travel, lodging, meals and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Participating Broker-Dealer and its personnel when visiting the Trust s offices or properties to verify information relating to the Trust or its properties. Participating Broker-Dealer shall provide a detailed and itemized invoice for any such due diligence expenses and shall obtain the prior written approval from the Dealer Manager for such expenses, and no such expenses shall be reimbursed absent a detailed and itemized invoice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such payment will be made if such payment would cause the aggregate of such reimbursements to Participating Broker-Dealer and other broker-dealers, together with all other organization and offering expenses, to exceed any agreed upon amount. All such reimbursements will be made in accordance with, and subject to the restrictions and limitations imposed under the Private Placement Memorandum, FINRA rules and other applicable laws and regulations. 
 Share Class Election 
 CHECK EACH APPLICABLE BOX BELOW IF DEALER ELECTS TO PARTICIPATE IN THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE LISTED SHARE CLASS 
 Class T Shares Class S Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Class F-I Shares Class E Shares 
 The following reflects the selling commission, dealer manager fee and the Servicing Fee as agreed upon between the Dealer Manager and Participating Broker-Dealer for the applicable Share class. 
 (Initials) Selling commission of of the transaction price per Class T Share (Up to 3.0 By initialing here, Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule I with respect to the Class T Shares. 
 (Initials) Dealer manager fee of of the transaction price per Class T Share (Up to 0.5 By initialing here, Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule I with respect to the Class T Shares. 
 
 I-5 

(Initials) Servicing Fee of (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class T Shares, consisting of an advisor shareholder servicing fee of (Annualized Rate), and a dealer shareholder servicing fee of (Annualized Rate), of the aggregate NAV of outstanding Class T Shares. (Sum of advisor shareholder servicing fee and dealer shareholder servicing fee must not exceed 0.85 By initialing here, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Servicing Fee set forth in this Schedule I . Should Participating Broker-Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Servicing Fee and initialing is not necessary. Participating Broker-Dealer represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Servicing Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements. 
 (Initials) Selling commission of of the transaction price per Class S Share (Up to 3.5 By initialing here, Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule I with respect to the Class S Shares. 
 (Initials) Servicing Fee of (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class S Shares (Up to 0.85 By initialing here, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Servicing Fee set forth in this Schedule I . Should Participating Broker-Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Servicing Fee and initialing is not necessary. Participating Broker-Dealer represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Servicing Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements. 
 (Initials) Selling commission of of the transaction price per Class D Share (Up to 1.5 By initialing here, Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule I with respect to the Class D Shares. 
 (Initials) Servicing Fee of (Annualized Rate) of aggregate NAV of outstanding Class D Shares (Up to 0.25 By initialing here, Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to the terms of eligibility for the Servicing Fee set forth in this Schedule I . Should Participating Broker-Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, it will not be eligible to receive the Servicing Fee and initialing is not necessary. Participating Broker-Dealer represents by its acceptance of each payment of the Servicing Fee that it complies with each of the above requirements. 
 
 I-6 

(Initials) A cap on the total selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Servicing Fees paid with respect to the Class T Shares held within a shareholder s account of of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under the DRIP with respect thereto). By initialing here, Participating Broker-Dealer hereby agrees to the terms of the Agreement and this Schedule I with respect to a cap of less than of the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under the DRIP with respect thereto) on the total selling commissions, dealer manager fees and Servicing Fees paid with respect to the shares held in a shareholder s account and sold pursuant to the Agreement and this Schedule I . Should Participating Broker-Dealer choose to opt out of this provision, the cap will be and initialing is not necessary. 
 
 Subject to discounts described in the Plan of Distribution section of the Private Placement Memorandum. 
 
 I-7 

WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Addendum to be executed as of the date first written above. 
 DEALER MANAGER 
 PRINCIPAL FUNDS DISTRIBUTOR, INC. By Name Title 
 
 DEALER (Print Name of Participating Broker-Dealer) By Name Title 
 
 I-8 

SCHEDULE II 
 TO 
 PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT WITH 
 PRINCIPAL FUNDS DISTRIBUTOR, INC. 

NAME OF ISSUER PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST 
 NAME OF DEALER 
 SCHEDULE TO AGREEMENT DATED 
 Participating Broker-Dealer hereby authorizes the Dealer Manager or its agent to deposit selling commissions, dealer manager fees, Servicing Fees and other payments due to it pursuant to the Agreement to its bank account specified below. This authority will remain in force until Participating Broker-Dealer notifies the Dealer Manager in writing to cancel it. In the event that the Dealer Manager deposits funds erroneously into Participating Broker-Dealer s account, the Dealer Manager is authorized to debit the account with no prior notice to Participating Broker-Dealer for an amount not to exceed the amount of the erroneous deposit. 
 Bank Name Bank Address Bank Routing Number Account Number 
 
 DEALER (Print Name of Participating Broker-Dealer) By Name 
 Title 
 Date 

II-1 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 TO FORM OF PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT 
 
 Dealer Manager Agreement 

EXHIBIT B 
 TO FORM OF PARTICIPATING DEALER AGREEMENT 
 Electronic Signature Use Indemnity Agreement 
 Participating Broker-Dealer has adopted a process by which clients may authorize certain account-related transactions or requests, in whole or in part, evidenced by Electronic Signature (as such term is defined in Section XXI hereof). In consideration of the Trust allowing Participating Broker-Dealer and its clients to execute certain account-related transactions and or requests, in whole or in part, by Electronic Signature, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Participating Broker-Dealer does hereby, for itself and its successors and permitted assigns, covenant and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Trust, the Dealer Manager Parties, each of their affiliates and each of their and their affiliates officers, directors, trustees, agents and employees, in whatever capacity they may act, from and against any and all claims (whether groundless or otherwise), losses, liabilities, damages and expenses, including, but not limited to, costs, disbursements and reasonable counsel fees (whether incurred in connection with such claims, losses, liabilities, damages and expenses or in connection with the enforcement of any rights hereunder), arising out of or in connection with the Participating Broker-Dealer s representations or covenants set forth in Section XXI hereof or the representations described below. 
 Participating Broker-Dealer represents that it will comply with all applicable terms of Electronic Signature Law as outlined in Section XXI hereof. Dealer represents that the Trust may accept any Electronic Signature without any responsibility to verify or authenticate that it is the signature of Participating Broker-Dealer s client given with such client s prior authorization and consent. Participating Broker-Dealer represents that the Trust may act in accordance with the instructions authorized by Electronic Signature without any responsibility to verify that Participating Broker-Dealer s client intended to give the Electronic Signature for the purpose of authorizing the instruction, transaction or request and that Participating Broker-Dealer s client received all disclosures required by applicable Electronic Signature Law. Participating Broker-Dealer agrees to provide a copy of each Electronic Signature and further evidence supporting any Electronic Signature upon request by the Trust. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.3>
 6
 exhibit103-amendedandresta.htm
 PCREI TRUST AR ADVISORY AGREEMENT 111124

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 

car 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 ADVISORY AGREEMENT 
 BETWEEN 
 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST 
 AND 
 PRINCIPAL REAL ESTATE INVESTORS, LLC 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page 1. 
 Definitions 
 1 
 2. 
 Appointment 
 4 
 3. 
 Duties of the Adviser 
 5 
 4. 
 Authority of Adviser 7 
 5. 
 Bank Accounts 8 
 6. 
 Records Access 8 
 7. 
 Limitations on Activities 8 
 8. 
 Other Activities of the Adviser 9 
 9. 
 Relationship with Trustees and Officers 10 
 10. 
 Compensation 11 
 11. 
 Expenses 12 
 12. 
 Other Services 15 
 13. 
 No Joint Venture 15 
 14. 
 Term 15 
 15. 
 Termination by the Parties 16 
 16. 
 Assignment to an Affiliate 16 
 17. 
 Payments to and Duties of Adviser Upon Termination 16 
 18. 
 Indemnification by the Trust 16 
 19. 
 Indemnification by Adviser 17 
 20. 
 Non-Solicitation 17 
 21. 
 Miscellaneous 17 
 22. 
 Trademark 20 
 
 i 

ADVISORY AGREEMENT 
 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED ADVISORY AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of November 11, 2024 (the Effective Date ), is by and between Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, a Maryland statutory trust (the Trust ), and Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 1 below. 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Trust intends to qualify as a REIT, and to invest its funds in investments permitted by the terms of Sections 856 through 860 of the Code 
 WHEREAS , the Trust and the Adviser are party to that certain Advisory Agreement, dated July 19, 2024 (the Original Advisory Agreement ), for the purpose of having the Adviser furnish investment advisory services to the Trust 
 WHEREAS , the Trust and the Adviser desire to amend and restate the Original Advisory Agreement in its entirety as set forth in this Agreement 
 WHEREAS , the Trust desires to avail itself of the knowledge, experience, sources of information, advice, assistance and certain facilities available to the Adviser and to have the Adviser undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of, the board of trustees of the Trust (the Board ), all as provided herein and 
 WHEREAS , the Adviser is willing to undertake to render such services, subject to the supervision of the Board, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the definitions hereinafter indicated 
 90-Day Average SOFR shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 Acquisition Expenses shall mean any and all expenses incurred by the Trust, the Adviser or any of their respective Affiliates either in connection with the selection, evaluation, structuring, acquisition, origination, financing and development of any investments, whether or not acquired, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, travel and communications expenses, costs of appraisals, accounting fees and expenses and title insurance premiums and the costs of performing due diligence. 
 Adjusted Capital means cumulative net proceeds generated from sales of Class S Common Shares, Class T Common Shares, Class D Common Shares, Class I Common Shares and Class F-I Common Shares (including proceeds from the distribution reinvestment plan) reduced for Distributions from non-liquidating dispositions of its investments paid to Class S, Class T, Class D, Class I and Class F-I Shareholders and amounts paid to Class S, Class T, Class D, Class I and Class F-I Shareholders for share repurchases pursuant to the Trust s share repurchase plan. 

Adviser shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 
 Adviser Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a). 
 Affiliate shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 
 Anchor Investors shall mean, collectively, (i) Principal Life Insurance Company and or one or more of its Affiliates and (ii) The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and or one or more of its Affiliates. 
 Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 Board shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 Borrower Servicing and Closing-Related Fees shall mean fees paid by a borrower to an affiliate of the Adviser in connection with certain loan servicing services and closing services with respect to loans originated by the Trust, including any interest earned on escrow accounts that is not required to be paid to borrowers. 
 Bylaws shall mean the bylaws of the Trust, as amended from time to time. 
 Cause shall mean, with respect to the termination of this Agreement, fraud, criminal conduct, willful misconduct or willful or gross negligent breach of fiduciary duty by the Adviser in connection with performing its duties hereunder. 
 CEA shall mean the U.S. Commodities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 Change of Control shall mean any event (including, without limitation, issue, transfer or other disposition of shares of the Trust, merger, share exchange or consolidation) after which any person (as that term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Trust representing greater than 50 or more of the combined voting power of Trust s then outstanding securities, respectively provided, that, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur as a result of any widely distributed offering of the Shares. 
 Class A Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Class D Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Class E Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Class F-I Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Class I Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Class S Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Class T Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Common Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 2 

Core Earnings shall mean for the applicable performance measurement period, the net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Class S Common Shares, Class T Common Shares, Class D Common Shares, Class I Common Shares and Class F-I Common Shares, computed in accordance with GAAP, including realized gains (losses) not otherwise included in GAAP net income (loss) and excluding (i) non-cash equity compensation expense, (ii) the Performance Fee, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) any unrealized gains or losses or other non-cash items that are included in net income for the applicable reporting period, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income, (v) one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and (vi) certain non-cash adjustments and certain material non-cash income or expense items, in each case, following the Initial Retail Closing, after discussions between the Adviser and the Independent Trustees and approved by a majority of the Independent Trustees. 
 Dealer Manager shall mean Principal Funds Distributor, Inc., or such other Person selected by the Board to act as the dealer manager or distribution agent. 
 Declaration of Trust shall mean the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Trust, dated as of November 11, 2024, as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
 Distributions shall mean any distributions, pursuant to Section 7.6 of the Declaration of Trust, by the Trust to owners of Common Shares, including distributions that may constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. 
 Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 
 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America from time to time. 
 Independent Trustee shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Initial Retail Closing shall mean the initial closing of the Trust s continuous private offering pursuant to the PPM that includes non-Anchor Investors. 
 Investment Company Act shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Investment Guidelines shall mean the investment guidelines adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Adviser has discretion to acquire and dispose of investments for the Trust without the prior approval of the Board. 
 Management Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a). 
 NAV shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Organization and Offering Expenses shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Origination Fees shall mean loan origination fees, extension fees, exit fees, prepayment fees and loan assumption fees paid by borrowers in connection with the origination of each new loan by the Trust. 
 3 

Other Principal Accounts shall mean investment funds, REITs, vehicles, accounts, products and or other similar arrangements sponsored, advised, sub-advised and or managed by Principal Real Estate or its affiliates, whether currently in existence or subsequently established (in each case, including any related successor funds, alternative investment vehicles, separately managed accounts, supplemental capital vehicles, surge funds, over-flow funds and co-investment vehicles). 
 Performance Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). 
 Person shall mean an individual, corporation, business trust, estate, trust, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other legal entity. 
 PPM shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Principal Real Estate means, collectively, Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC, a Delaware limited partnership, Principal Real Estate Europe Limited, and any Affiliate thereof. 
 Principal Names shall have the meaning set forth in Section 22. 
 REIT shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Services shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(c). 
 Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Shareholder Servicing Fee shall mean the shareholder servicing fee payable to the Dealer Manager and reallowable to soliciting dealers with respect to Shares, as applicable and as described in the PPM. 
 Shareholder shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Termination Date shall mean the date of termination of this Agreement or expiration of this Agreement in the event this Agreement is not renewed for an additional term. 
 Trustees shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Trust shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. 
 Upfront Sales Load shall have the meaning set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 Valuation Guidelines shall mean the valuation guidelines of the Trust as have been adopted by the Board, as amended from time to time. 
 2. Appointment . The Trust hereby appoints the Adviser to serve as its investment adviser on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Adviser hereby accepts such appointment. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Adviser hereby agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to perform the duties set forth herein, provided that the Trust reimburses the Adviser for costs and expenses in accordance with Section 11. 
 4 

3. Duties of the Adviser . Subject to the oversight of the Board and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Investment Guidelines and consistent with the provisions of the Trust s most recent PPM, the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws, the Adviser will have plenary authority with respect to the management of the business and affairs of the Trust and will be responsible for implementing the investment strategy of the Trust. The Adviser will perform (or cause to be performed through one or more of its Affiliates or third parties) such services and activities relating to the selection of investments and rendering investment advice to the Trust as may be appropriate or otherwise mutually agreed from time to time, which may include, without limitation 
 (a) serving as an advisor to the Trust with respect to the establishment and periodic review of the Investment Guidelines for the Trust s investments, financing activities and operations 
 (b) sourcing, evaluating and monitoring the Trust s investment opportunities and executing the acquisition, origination, management, financing and disposition of the Trust s assets, in accordance with the Investment Guidelines and the Trust s investment policies, strategies, objectives and limitations, subject to oversight by the Board 
 (c) with respect to prospective acquisitions, originations, purchases, sales, exchanges or other dispositions of investments, conducting negotiations on the Trust s behalf with borrowers, sellers, purchasers and other counterparties and, if applicable, their respective agents, advisors and representatives, and determining the structure and terms of such transactions 
 (d) providing the Trust with portfolio management and other related services 
 (e) serving as the Trust s advisor with respect to decisions regarding any of the Trust s financings, hedging activities or borrowing, including (1) assisting the Trust in developing criteria for financing that is specifically tailored to the Trust s investment objectives, (2) advising the Trust with respect to obtaining appropriate financing for the investments (which, in accordance with applicable law and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws, as applicable, may include financing by the Adviser or its Affiliates) and (3) negotiating and entering into, on the Trust s behalf, financing arrangements (including one or more credit facilities), repurchase agreements, interest rate or currency swap agreements, hedging arrangements, foreign exchange transactions, derivative transactions, and other agreements and instruments required or appropriate in connection with the Trust s activities 
 (f) engaging and supervising, on the Trust s behalf and at the Trust s expense, independent contractors, advisors, consultants, attorneys, accountants, administrators, auditors, appraisers, independent valuation agents, escrow agents and other service providers (which may include Affiliates of the Adviser) that provide various services with respect to the Trust, including, without limitation, accounting, investment banking, securities brokerage, mortgage brokerage, credit analysis, risk management services, asset management services, loan servicing, other financial, legal or accounting services, due diligence services, underwriting review services, and all other services (including custody and transfer agent and registrar services) as may be required by Trust s activities or investments (or potential investments) 
 5 

(g) communicating on the Trust s behalf with the holders of any of the Trust s equity or debt securities as required to satisfy the reporting and other requirements of any governmental bodies or agencies or trading markets and to maintain effective relations with such holders 
 (h) advising the Trust in connection with policy decisions to be made by the Board 
 (i) providing the daily management of the Trust, including performing and supervising the various administrative functions reasonably necessary for the management of the Trust 
 (j) engaging one or more sub-advisors with respect to the management of the Trust, including, where appropriate, Affiliates of the Adviser 
 (k) evaluating and recommending to the Board hedging strategies and engaging in hedging activities on the Trust s behalf, consistent with the Trust s qualification as a REIT and with the Investment Guidelines 
 (l) investing and reinvesting any moneys and securities of the Trust (including investing in short-term investments pending investment in other investments, payment of fees, costs and expenses, or payments of dividends or Distributions to the Shareholders) and advising the Trust as to its capital structure and capital raising 
 (m) determining valuations for the assets and liabilities of the Trust and calculate, as of the last day of each month, the NAV per Common Share in accordance with the Valuation Guidelines, and in connection therewith, obtain appraisals performed by a third party appraisal firms, as needed, or conduct fair valuation determinations concerning the value of the Trust s assets and liabilities 
 (n) providing input in connection with the appraisals of the Trust s investments, as needed 
 (o) monitoring the Trust s investments for events that may be expected to have a material impact on the most recent estimated values 
 (p) monitoring each appraiser s valuation process to ensure that it complies with the Valuation Guidelines 
 (q) delivering to, or maintaining on behalf of, the Trust copies of appraisals obtained in connection with its investments, if any 
 (r) in the event that the Trust is a commodity pool under the CEA, acting as the Trust s commodity pool operator for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the authority to make any filings, submissions or registrations (including for exemptive or no action relief) to the extent required or desirable under the CEA (and the Trust hereby appoints the Adviser to act in such capacity and the Adviser accepts such appointment and agrees to be responsible for such services) 
 6 

(s) placing, or arranging for the placement of, orders of investments pursuant to the Adviser s investment determinations for the Trust either directly with the issuer or with a broker or dealer (including any Affiliated broker or dealer) 
 (t) making from time to time, or at any time reasonably requested by the Board, reports to the Board of its performance of services to the Trust under this Agreement, including reports with respect to potential conflicts of interest involving the Adviser or any of its Affiliates 
 (u) advising the Trust regarding the Trust s ability to elect REIT status, and thereafter maintenance of the Trust s status as a REIT, and monitoring compliance with the various REIT qualification tests and other rules set out in the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder 
 (v) taking all necessary actions to enable the Trust to make required tax filings and reports, including soliciting Shareholders for required information to the extent provided by the REIT provisions of the Code 
 (w) assisting the Trust in maintaining the registration of the Shares under federal and state securities laws, as applicable, with respect to any offering and complying with all federal, state and local regulatory requirements applicable to the Trust with respect to any offering and the Trust s business activities (including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended), including, with respect to any offering, preparing or causing to be prepared all supplements to the PPM and financial statements and all reports and documents, if any, required under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act and 
 (x) performing such other services from time to time in connection with the management of the Trust s investment activities as the Board shall reasonably request and or the Adviser shall deem appropriate under the particular circumstances. 
 4. Authority of Adviser . 
 (a) Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions included in this Section 4 and in Section 7), and subject to the continuing and exclusive authority of the Board over the management of the Trust, the Board (by virtue of its approval of this Agreement and authorization of the execution hereof by the officers of the Trust) hereby delegates to the Adviser the authority to take, or cause to be taken, any and all actions and to execute and deliver any and all agreements, certificates, assignments, instruments or other documents and to do any and all things that, in the judgment of the Adviser, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the Adviser s duties described in Section 3, including the making of any investment that fits within the Investment Guidelines and objectives, policies and limitations of the Trust and within the discretionary limits and authority as granted to the Adviser from time to time by the Board. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any investment that does not fit within the Investment Guidelines will require the prior approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board, as the case may be. Except as otherwise set forth herein, in the Investment Guidelines or in the Declaration of Trust, any investment that fits within the Investment Guidelines may be made by the Adviser on the Trust s behalf without the prior approval of the Board or any duly authorized committee of the Board. 
 7 

(c) Following the Initial Retail Closing, the prior approval of a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in the transaction will be required for each transaction to which the Adviser or its Affiliates is a party. 
 (d) The Board will review the Investment Guidelines periodically, in its discretion, and may, at any time upon the giving of notice to the Adviser, amend the Investment Guidelines provided, however, that such modification or revocation shall be effective upon receipt by the Adviser or such later date as is specified by the Board and included in the notice provided to the Adviser and such modification or revocation shall not be applicable to investment transactions to which the Adviser has committed the Trust prior to the date of receipt by the Adviser of such notification, or if later, the effective date of such modification or revocation specified by the Board. 
 (e) The Adviser may retain, for and on behalf, and at the sole cost and expense, of the Trust, such services as the Adviser deems necessary or advisable in connection with the management and operations of the Trust, which may include Affiliates of the Adviser or unaffiliated third parties provided, that, following the Initial Retail Closing, any such services may only be provided by Affiliates to the extent such services are approved by a majority of the Trustees (including a majority of the Independent Trustees) not otherwise interested in such transactions as being fair and reasonable to the Trust and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Trust than those available from non-Affiliated third parties. In performing its duties under Section 3, the Adviser shall be entitled to rely reasonably on qualified experts and professionals (including, without limitation, accountants, legal counsel and other professional service providers) hired by the Adviser at the Trust s sole cost and expense. 
 5. Bank Accounts . The Adviser may establish and maintain one or more bank accounts in the name of the Trust and any subsidiary thereof and may collect and deposit into any such account or accounts, and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money on behalf of the Trust, consistent with the Adviser s authority under this Agreement, provided that no funds shall be commingled with the funds of the Adviser and the Adviser shall from time to time render, upon request by the Board, its audit committee or the auditors of the Trust, appropriate accountings of such collections and payments to the Board, its audit committee and the auditors of the Trust, as applicable. 
 6. Records Access . The Adviser shall maintain, or shall cause to be maintained, appropriate records of its activities hereunder and make such records, or shall cause such records to be made, available for inspection by the Board and by counsel, auditors and authorized agents of the Trust, at any time or from time to time during normal business hours. The Adviser shall at all reasonable times have access to the books and records of the Trust. 
 7. Limitations on Activities . The Adviser shall refrain from any action that, in its sole judgment made in good faith, (i) is not in compliance with the Investment Guidelines, (ii) would adversely and materially affect the qualification of the Trust as a REIT under the Code or the status of the Trust as an entity excluded from investment company status under the Investment Company Act, or (iii) would materially violate any law, rule or regulation of any governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Trust or of any exchange on which the securities of the Trust may be listed or that would otherwise not be permitted by the Declaration of Trust or Bylaws. If the Adviser is ordered to take any action by the Board, the Adviser shall notify the Board if it is the Adviser s 
 8 

reasonable judgment that such action would adversely and materially affect such status or violate any such law, rule or regulation or the Declaration of Trust or Bylaws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Adviser nor any of its Affiliates shall be liable to the Trust, the Board, or the Shareholders for any act or omission by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section 19 of this Agreement. 
 8. Other Activities of the Adviser . 
 (a) Nothing in this Agreement shall (i) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, trustees or employees from engaging in other businesses or from rendering services of any kind to any other Person or entity, whether or not the investment objectives or policies of any such other Person are similar to those of the Trust, including, without limitation, the sponsoring, closing, advising and or managing of any Other Principal Accounts, (ii) in any way bind or restrict the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from buying, selling or trading any securities or commodities for their own accounts or for the account of others for whom the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees may be acting, or (iii) prevent the Adviser or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees from receiving fees or other compensation or profits from such activities described in this Section 8(a) which shall be for the sole benefit of the Adviser s (and or its Affiliates, officers, directors or employees) benefit. While information and recommendations supplied to the Trust shall, in the Adviser s reasonable and good faith judgment, be appropriate under the circumstances and in light of the investment objectives and policies of the Trust, such information and recommendations may be different in certain material respects from the information and recommendations supplied by the Adviser or any Affiliate of the Adviser to others (including, for greater certainty, the Other Principal Accounts and their investors, as described more fully in Section 8(b)). 
 (b) The Adviser and the Trust acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) the Adviser and its Affiliates sponsor, advise and or manage Other Principal Accounts and may in the future sponsor, advise and or manage additional Other Principal Accounts and (ii) with respect to Other Principal Accounts with investment objectives or guidelines that overlap with the Trust, the Adviser and its Affiliates will allocate investment opportunities between the Trust and such Other Principal Accounts in accordance with Principal s prevailing policies and procedures on a basis that the Adviser and its Affiliates determine to be reasonable in their sole discretion, and there may be circumstances where investments that are consistent with the Investment Guidelines may be shared with or allocated to one or more Other Principal Accounts (in lieu of the Trust) in accordance with Principal s prevailing policies and procedures. 
 (c) In connection with the services of the Adviser hereunder, the Trust and the Board acknowledge and agree that (i) as part of Principal Real Estate s regular businesses, personnel of the Adviser and its Affiliates may from time-to-time work on other projects and matters (including with respect to one or more Other Principal Accounts), and that conflicts may arise with respect to the allocation of personnel between the Trust and one or more Other Principal Accounts and or the Adviser and such other Affiliates, (ii) unless prohibited by the Declaration of Trust, Other Principal Accounts may invest, from time to time, in investments in which the Trust also invests (including at a different level of an issuer s capital structure (e.g., an investment by an Other Principal Account in a mezzanine debt interest with respect to the same issuer to whom the Trust has 
 9 

made a mortgage loan)) and while Principal Real Estate will seek to resolve any such conflicts in a fair and reasonable manner in accordance with its prevailing policies and procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among Other Principal Accounts generally (as described in the PPM), such transactions are not required to be presented to the Board or any committee thereof for approval (unless otherwise required by the Declaration of Trust or the Investment Guidelines), and there can be no assurance that any conflicts will be resolved in the Trust s favor, (iii) the Trust will from time to time pay fees to the Adviser and its Affiliates, including portfolio entities of Other Principal Accounts, for providing various services described in the PPM (collectively, Services ), which fees will be in addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 10 hereof, (iv) the Adviser and its Affiliates, the Adviser and its Affiliates may from time to time receive fees from portfolio entities or other issuers for providing Services, including with respect to Other Principal Accounts and related portfolio entities, and while such fees may give rise to conflicts of interest, the Trust will not receive the benefit of any such fees, and (v) the terms and conditions of the governing agreements of such Other Principal Accounts (including with respect to the economic, reporting, and other rights afforded to investors in such Other Principal Accounts) are materially different from the terms and conditions applicable to the Trust and the Shareholders, and neither the Trust nor the Shareholders (in such capacity) shall have the right to receive the benefit of any such different terms applicable to investors in such Other Principal Accounts as a result of an investment in the Trust or otherwise. The Adviser shall keep the Board reasonably informed on a periodic basis in connection with the foregoing. 
 (d) Following the Initial Retail Closing, the Adviser is not permitted to consummate on the Trust s behalf any transaction that involves (i) the sale of any investment to or (ii) the acquisition of any investment from Principal Real Estate, any Other Principal Account or any of their Affiliates unless such transaction is approved by a majority of the Trustees, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, not otherwise interested in such transaction as being fair and reasonable to the Trust. The Adviser will seek to resolve any conflicts of interest in a fair and reasonable manner in accordance with its prevailing policies and procedures with respect to conflicts resolution among Other Principal Accounts generally, but only those transactions set forth in this Section 8(d) will be expressly required to be presented for approval to the Independent Trustees or any committee thereof (unless otherwise required by the Declaration of Trust or the Investment Guidelines). 
 (e) For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that neither the Trust nor the Board has the authority to determine the salary, bonus or any other compensation paid by the Adviser to any director, officer, member, partner, employee, or shareholder of the Adviser or its Affiliates, including any person who is also a Trustee, officer or employee of the Trust. 
 9. Relationship with Trustees and Officers . Subject to Section 7 of this Agreement and to restrictions advisable with respect to the qualification of the Trust as a REIT, directors, managers, officers and employees of the Adviser or an Affiliate of the Adviser or any corporate parent of an Affiliate, may serve as a Trustee or officer of the Trust, except that no director, officer or employee of the Adviser or its Affiliates who also is a Trustee or officer of the Trust shall receive any compensation from the Trust for serving as a Trustee or officer other than (a) reasonable reimbursement for travel and related expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board or (b) following the Initial Retail Closing, as otherwise approved by the Board, including a majority of 
 10 

the Independent Trustees, and no such Trustee shall be deemed an Independent Trustee for purposes of satisfying the Trustee independence requirement set forth in the Declaration of Trust. Following the Initial Retail Closing, for so long as this Agreement is in effect, (i) the Adviser shall have the right to designate two Trustees for election to the Board and (ii) the Board shall consult with the Adviser in connection with filling of any vacancies created by the removal, resignation, retirement or death of any Trustee (other than in connection with a removal by Shareholders in accordance with the Declaration of Trust). 
 10. Compensation . 
 (a) The Trust will pay the Adviser a management fee (the Management Fee equal to (i) 1.25 of NAV for the Class S Common Shares, Class T Common Shares, Class D Common Shares, and Class I Common Shares, plus (ii) 0.75 of NAV for Class A Common Shares and Class F-I Common Shares, in each case, per annum and payable monthly in arrears, before giving effect to any accruals for the Management Fee, the Shareholder Servicing Fee, the Performance Fee or any Distributions. The Adviser shall receive the Management Fee as compensation for services rendered hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, no Management Fee shall be paid on Class E Common Shares. 
 (b) The Trust shall pay the Adviser a performance fee (the Performance Fee ), which is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to 12.5 of the Trust s Core Earnings for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, subject to a hurdle rate, expressed as a rate of return on average Adjusted Capital, equal to (x) the 90-day average Secured Overnight Financing Rate (the 90-Day Average SOFR as of the last business day of the preceding calendar quarter, divided by (y) four, plus 0.25 per quarter (the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate ), which is equal to an annualized hurdle rate equal to the 90-Day Average SOFR as of the last business day of the preceding calendar quarter plus 1.0 . For the avoidance of doubt, the Adviser shall not earn the Performance Fee for any calendar quarter until the Trust s Core Earnings for such calendar quarter exceed the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate. Once the Trust s Core Earnings in any calendar quarter exceed the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, the Adviser shall be entitled to a catch-up fee equal to the amount of Core Earnings in excess of the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, until the Trust s Core Earnings for such calendar quarter equal the result of (i) the Applicable Quarterly Hurdle Rate, divided by (ii) 0.875 (or 1 minus 0.125) of Adjusted Capital. Thereafter, the Adviser shall be entitled to receive 12.5 of the Trust s Core Earnings. The Trust will not pay the Adviser the Performance Fee with respect to the Class E Common Shares or Class A Common Shares. 
 (c) The Management Fee and Performance Fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or cash equivalent aggregate NAV amounts of Class E Common Shares, or any combination thereof. If the Adviser elects to receive any portion of its Management Fee or Performance Fee in Class E Common Shares, the Adviser or any subsequent transferee thereof may elect to have the Trust repurchase such Class E Common Shares from the Adviser at a later date at a repurchase price per Class E Common Share equal to the then NAV per Class E Common Share. Class E Common Shares obtained by the Adviser will not be subject to the Trust s share repurchase plan, including the repurchase limits or any early repurchase deduction. 
 11 

(d) In the event this Agreement is terminated or its term expires without renewal, the Adviser will be entitled to receive each of its prorated Management Fee and Performance Fee through the date of termination. Such pro ration shall take into account the number of days of any partial calendar month or calendar year for which this Agreement was in effect. 
 (e) In the event the Trust commences a liquidation of its investments during any calendar year, the Trust will pay the Adviser the Management Fee and the Performance Fee from the proceeds of the liquidation. 
 (f) The Adviser shall not retain Origination Fees, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be retained by the Trust provided, that, it is understood by the Adviser or its Affiliate will be paid and may retain Borrower Servicing and Closing-Related Fees. Such Borrower Servicing and Closing-Related Fees shall be paid by the borrower directly to the Adviser or its Affiliate, and will not reduce or offset the Management Fee or Performance Fee payable by the Trust to the Adviser. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trust shall not be required to pay the Adviser or its Affiliate any Borrower Servicing and Closing-Related Fees (all such fees shall be paid by or on behalf of the applicable borrower) provided, however, that if similar services are provided by a third party and a borrower is not obligated or otherwise does not pay the applicable fees and expenses, the Trust may pay or otherwise bear such fees and expenses. 
 11. Expenses . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 4(e) and 11(b), the Adviser shall be responsible for the expenses related to any and all personnel of the Adviser who provide investment advisory services to the Trust pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, each of the officers of the Trust and any Trustees who are also directors, officers or employees of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates), including, without limitation, salaries, bonus and other wages, payroll taxes and the cost of employee benefit plans of such personnel, and costs of insurance with respect to such personnel Adviser Expenses ). 
 (b) In addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 10 hereof, the Trust shall pay all of its costs and expenses directly or reimburse the Adviser or its Affiliates for costs and expenses of the Adviser and its Affiliates incurred on behalf of the Trust other than Adviser Expenses. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is specifically agreed that the following costs and expenses of the Trust are not Adviser Expenses and shall be paid by the Trust and shall not be paid by the Adviser or Affiliates of the Adviser 
 (i) Organization and Offering Expenses 
 (ii) Acquisition Expenses 
 (iii) fees, costs and expenses in connection with the issuance and transaction costs incident to the trading, origination, settling, disposition and financing of the Trust s investments (whether or not consummated), including brokerage commissions, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses, clearing and settlement charges, and other investment costs fees and expenses actually incurred in connection with the pursuit, making, holding, originating, settling, monitoring or disposing of actual or potential investments 
 12 

(iv) the actual cost of goods and services used by the Trust and obtained from either Affiliates of the Adviser or Persons not Affiliated with the Adviser, including fees paid to administrators, consultants, attorneys, technology providers and other services providers, and brokerage fees paid in connection with the origination, acquisition and or sale of investments 
 (v) all fees, costs and expenses of legal, tax, accounting, consulting, auditing (including internal audit), finance, administrative, investment banking, capital market, transfer agency, escrow agency, custody, prime brokerage, asset management, data or technology services and other non-investment advisory services rendered to the Trust by the Adviser or its Affiliates in compliance with Section 4(e) including, without limitation, salaries, bonus and other wages, payroll taxes and the cost of employee benefit plans and insurance with respect to all personnel of the Adviser other than those who provide investment advisory services to the Trust or serve as executive officers of the Trust, as described above 
 (vi) expenses of acquiring, originating, managing and disposing the Trust s investments, whether payable to an Affiliate of the Adviser or a non-Affiliated Person 
 (vii) the compensation and expenses of the Trustees (excluding those trustees who are directors, officers or employees of the Adviser) and the cost of liability insurance to indemnify the Trustees and officers and expenses incurred in connection with preparation of materials for meetings of the Board and its committees as well as subsequent compensation and expenses incurred in relation to such meetings of the Board and its committees 
 (viii) interest and fees and expenses arising out of borrowings made by the Trust, including, but not limited to, costs associated with the establishment and maintenance of any of the Trust s credit facilities, other financing arrangements, or other indebtedness of the Trust (including commitment fees, accounting fees, legal fees, closing and other similar costs) or any of the Trust s securities offerings, whether or not any facilities arrangements or indebtedness are implemented or such securities are offered 
 (ix) expenses connected with communications to holders of the Trust s securities or securities of any subsidiary of the Trust and other bookkeeping and clerical work necessary in maintaining relations with holders of such securities and in complying with the continuous reporting and other requirements of governmental bodies or agencies, including, without limitation, all costs of preparing and filing required reports with the SEC, the costs payable by the Trust to any transfer agent and registrar, expenses in connection with the listing and or trading of the Trust s securities on any exchange, the fees payable by the Trust to any such exchange in connection with its listing, costs of preparing, printing and mailing the Trust s annual report to the Shareholders and proxy materials, if any, with respect to any meeting of the Shareholders and any other reports or related statements 
 13 

(x) the Trust s allocable share of costs associated with technology-related expenses, including without limitation, any computer software or hardware, electronic equipment or purchased information technology services from third-party vendors or Affiliates of the Adviser, technology service providers and related software hardware utilized in connection with the Trust s investment and operational activities 
 (xi) the Trust s allocable share of expenses incurred by managers, officers, personnel and agents of the Adviser for travel on the Trust s behalf and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with the purchase, financing, refinancing, sale or other disposition of an investment 
 (xii) expenses relating to compliance-related matters and regulatory filings relating to the Trust s activities (including, without limitation, expenses relating to the preparation and filing of Form PF, Form ADV, reports to be filed with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, reports, disclosures, and or other regulatory filings of the Adviser and its Affiliates relating to the Trust s activities (including the Trust s pro rata share of the costs of the Adviser and its Affiliates of regulatory expenses that relate to the Trust and Other Principal Accounts)) 
 (xiii) the costs of any litigation involving the Trust or its assets and the amount of any judgments or settlements paid in connection therewith, trustees and officers liability or other insurance and indemnification or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Trust 
 (xiv) all taxes and statutory, regulatory or license fees or other governmental charges 
 (xv) all insurance costs incurred in connection with the operation of the Trust s business except for the costs attributable to the insurance that the Adviser elects to carry for itself and its personnel 
 (xvi) expenses incurred in connection with maintaining the status of the Trust as a REIT or the payments of interest, dividends or Distributions in cash or any other form authorized or caused to be made by the Board to or on account of holders of the Trust s securities, including, without limitation, in connection with any distribution reinvestment plan 
 (xvii) any judgment or settlement of pending or threatened proceedings (whether civil, criminal or otherwise) against the Trust, or against any Trustee or officer of the Trust or in his or her capacity as such for which the Trust is required to indemnify such Trustee or officer by any court or governmental agency 
 14 

(xviii) expenses incurred in connection with the formation, organization, continuation, liquidation and or restructuring of any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity through which the Trust s investments are made or in which any such entity invests and 
 (xix) expenses incurred related to industry association memberships or attending industry conferences on behalf of the Trust. 
 (c) The Adviser may, at its option, elect not to seek reimbursement for certain expenses during a given period, which determination shall not be deemed to construe a waiver of reimbursement for similar expenses in future periods. 
 (d) Any reimbursement payments owed by the Trust to the Adviser may be offset by the Adviser against amounts due to the Trust from the Adviser. Cost and expense reimbursement to the Adviser shall be subject to adjustment at the end of each calendar year in connection with the annual audit of the Trust. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser shall pay for all Organization and Offering Expenses (other than Upfront Sales Loads and Shareholder Servicing Fees) incurred prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date. All Organization and Offering Expenses (other than Upfront Sales Loads and Shareholder Servicing Fees) paid by the Adviser pursuant to this Section 11(e) shall be reimbursed by the Trust to the Adviser in 60 equal monthly installments commencing with the first anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser may pay for certain of the costs and expenses of the Trust contemplated by Section 11(b) above (excluding Organization and Offering Expenses) prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date. All such expenses (excluding Organization and Offering Expenses) paid by the Adviser pursuant to this Section 11(f) shall be reimbursed by the Trust to the Adviser in 60 equal monthly installments commencing with the first anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 12. Other Services . Should the Board request that the Adviser or any director, manager, officer or employee thereof render services for the Trust other than set forth in Section 3, such services shall be separately compensated at such rates and in such amounts as are agreed by the Adviser and, following the Initial Retail Closing, the Independent Trustees, subject to the limitations contained in the Declaration of Trust, and shall not be deemed to be services pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 13. No Joint Venture . The Trust, on the one hand, and the Adviser, on the other, are not partners or joint venturers with each other, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them. 
 14. Term . This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the Effective Date, subject to an unlimited number of successive two-year renewals if approved by a majority of the Board and, following the Initial Retail Closing, a majority of the Independent Trustees. 
 15 

15. Termination by the Parties . This Agreement may be terminated (i) at the option of the Adviser, immediately upon a Change of Control of the Trust, (ii) immediately by the Trust for Cause or upon the bankruptcy of the Adviser or (iii) upon a breach of a material provision of this Agreement by the Adviser and such breach continues for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof specifying such breach and requesting that the same be remedied in such 30-day period (or 45 days after written notice of such breach if the Adviser takes steps to cure such breach within 30 days of the written notice). The provisions of Sections 16 through 22 survive termination of this Agreement. 
 16. Assignment to an Affiliate . Except as set forth herein, the Adviser shall not assign, sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of its right, title and interest in and to this Agreement to any Persons other than an Affiliate without the approval of a majority of the Trustees (including, following the Initial Retail Closing, a majority of the Independent Trustees). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser may assign any rights to receive fees or other payments under this Agreement to any Person without obtaining the consent of the Board. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Trust without the approval of the Adviser, except in the case of an assignment by the Trust to a corporation or other organization which is a successor to all of the assets, rights and obligations of the Trust, in which case such successor organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Trust is bound by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding on successors to the Trust resulting from a Change of Control or sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Trust, and shall likewise be binding on any successor to the Adviser. 
 17. Payments to and Duties of Adviser Upon Termination . After the Termination Date, the Adviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further services hereunder except it shall be entitled to receive from the Trust within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements of expenses and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination of this Agreement. 
 (a) The Adviser shall promptly upon termination 
 (i) pay over to the Trust all money collected and held for the account of the Trust pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled 
 (ii) deliver to the Board a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board 
 (iii) deliver to the Board all assets, including all investments, and documents of the Trust then in the custody of the Adviser and 
 (iv) cooperate with, and take all reasonable actions requested by, the Trust and Board in making an orderly transition of the advisory function. 
 18. Indemnification by the Trust . The Trust shall indemnify and hold harmless the Adviser and its Affiliates, including their respective officers, managers, directors, partners and employees, from all liability, claims, damages or losses arising in the performance of their duties 
 16 

hereunder, and related expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, to the extent such liability, claims, damages or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance, and to the fullest extent possible without such indemnification being inconsistent with the laws of the State of Maryland or the Declaration of Trust. 
 19. Indemnification by Adviser . The Adviser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Trust from contract or other liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses including attorneys fees, to the extent that (i) such liability, claims, damages, taxes or losses and related expenses are not fully reimbursed by insurance and (ii) are incurred by reason of the Adviser s bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its duties under this Agreement provided, however, that the Adviser shall not be held responsible for any action of the Board in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendation given by the Adviser. 
 20. Non-Solicitation . During the term of this Agreement and for two (2) years after the Termination Date, the Trust shall not, without the consent of the Adviser, employ or otherwise retain any employee of the Adviser or any of its Affiliates or any person who has been employed by the Adviser or any of its Affiliates at any time within the two (2) year period immediately preceding the date on which such person commences employment with or is otherwise retained by the Trust. The Trust acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any damages, the Adviser may be entitled to equitable relief for any violation of this Section 20 by the Trust, including, without limitation, injunctive relief. 
 21. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Notices . Any notice, report or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other method of giving such notice, report or other communication is required by the Declaration of Trust, the Bylaws, or accepted by the party to whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered by hand, by courier or overnight carrier, by registered or certified mail or by electronic mail using the contact information set forth herein 
 The Trust Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust 711 High Street Des Moines, IA 50392 Attention Anne Cook Email cook.anne principal.com with a required copies to Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 900 G Street NW Washington, D.C. 20001 Attention Daniel B. Honeycutt Email daniel.honeycutt stblaw.com 
 Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 425 Lexington Avenue New York, NY 10017 Attention Benjamin Wells Email bwells stblaw.com 
 
 17 

The Adviser Principal Real Estate Investors 711 High Street Des Moines, IA 50392 Attention Anne Cook Email cook.anne principal.com with a required copies to Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 900 G Street NW Washington, D.C. 20001 Attention Daniel B. Honeycutt Email daniel.honeycutt stblaw.com 
 Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 425 Lexington Avenue New York, NY 10017 Attention Benjamin Wells Email bwells stblaw.com 

Any party may at any time give notice in writing to the other parties of a change in its address for the purposes of this Section 21(a). 
 (b) Modification . This Agreement shall not be changed, modified, terminated, or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or assignees. 
 (c) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and severable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. 
 (d) Governing Law Exclusive Jurisdiction Jury Trial . The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in Borough of Manhattan, New York for purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising from this Agreement, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or thereof, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in such courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement or any such document may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each of the parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute. EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 18 

(e) Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof. 
 (f) Indulgences, No Waivers . Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 
 (g) Gender Number . Words used herein regardless of the number and gender specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter, as the context requires. 
 (h) Headings . The titles and headings of Sections and Subsections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation hereof. 
 (i) Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law (e.g., www.docusign.com)), or other transmission method. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 
 19 

22. Trademark . The Adviser hereby grants the Trust a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the name Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust and to use Principal, Principal Real Estate and PCREDIT as constituent parts of the names of each of their Affiliates and to use such names in connection with their materials (including those used in connection with the Trust s website) (collectively, the Principal Names solely in connection with the operation, maintenance and execution of business of the Trust. All rights in and to the Principal Names not expressly granted herein to the Trust are retained and reserved by the Adviser (or its Affiliates). The Trust agrees not to contest the validity of the Adviser s (or its Affiliates rights to the Principal Names. At no time during the term of the Agreement or following the termination of the Agreement shall the Trust have any right, title or interest to the name or goodwill attached to the Principal Names. Upon the termination of this Agreement at any time and for any reason, all of the Trust s right, title and interest in and to the use of the Principal Names shall terminate and any goodwill thereto shall continue to vest in the Adviser (or its Affiliates). The Trust shall have sixty (60) days from the date of termination to cease all further use of the Principal Names. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 20 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Advisory Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 
 Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust By s Anne Cook Name Anne Cook Title Counsel and Secretary Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC By s John T. Berg Name John T. Berg Title Senior Managing Director, Global Head of Private Real Estate By s Anne Cook Name Anne Cook Title Associate General Counsel 
 
 Signature page to the Advisory Agreement 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 7
 exhibit104-independenttrus.htm
 PCREI TRUST INDEPENDENT TRUSTEE COMPENSATION POLICY 111124

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST 
 INDEPENDENT TRUSTEE COMPENSATION POLICY 
 Effective Date 
 On November 11, 2024 (the Effective Date ), the Board of Trustees (the Board of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust (the Trust adopted this Independent Trustee Compensation Policy, to be effective as of November 11, 2024. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust Independent Trustee Restricted Common Share Plan (the Plan ). 
 Eligibility 
 This policy shall apply to trustees of the Trust who meet the requirements set forth for an Independent Trustee in the Trust s Declaration of Trust. 
 Compensation 
 Each Independent Trustee shall receive an annual retainer of 75,000 (the Annual Compensation and the chairperson of the Board s audit committee (the Audit Committee Chairperson shall receive an additional annual retainer of 15,000 (the Additional Audit Committee Chair Compensation and, together with the Annual Compensation, the Compensation ). The Compensation shall remain in effect until changed by the Board. 
 Payment Timing and Form 
 The Additional Audit Committee Chair Compensation, to the extent applicable, and seventy-five percent (75 of the Annual Compensation shall be paid by the Trust to each Independent Trustee in quarterly installments in cash within 10 business days of the first calendar day of each calendar quarter to which the Annual Compensation relates. The remaining twenty-five percent (25 of the Annual Compensation shall be paid in the form of restricted shares of the Trust s Class E common shares (the Class E Restricted Common Shares as provided below. 
 Terms and Conditions of Class E Restricted Common Shares 
 The Class E Restricted Common Shares shall be granted under, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Plan, and the Award Certificate evidencing such grant. 
 Other than as set forth under Proration below, the Class E Restricted Common Shares shall be granted on or before the third (3rd) business day following the Effective Date (the Initial Grant Date and on each subsequent anniversary thereof (each, a Grant Date ), subject to each Independent Trustee s continued service to the Trust as a trustee and qualification as an Independent Trustee on each Grant Date. On the Initial Grant Date, each Independent Trustee shall be entitled to receive 938 Class E Restricted Common Shares, each of which will vest on the first Grant Date thereafter (the Initial Trustee Grants ). 
 Following the Initial Trustee Grants, the number of Class E Restricted Common Shares granted to an Independent Trustee shall be determined by (A) dividing 25 of the Annual Compensation due to the Independent Trustee, taking into account any required proration as described below, by the most recently determined net asset value per share of the Trust s Class E common shares as of the applicable Grant Date, and (B) rounding the quotient to the nearest whole number. 

Unless and until provided otherwise by the Board, the Class E Restricted Common Shares granted to an Independent Trustee pursuant to this Policy, including any DRIP shares associated with the unvested Class E Restricted Common Shares, shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the one-year anniversary of the Initial Grant Date or the Grant Date, as applicable, provided, in each case, that the Independent Trustee continues to provide services to the Trust as a trustee and qualifies as an Independent Trustee on each such vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing vesting schedule, all outstanding unvested Class E Restricted Common Shares held by an Independent Trustee shall become fully vested on the earlier occurrence of 
 (i) the termination of the Independent Trustee s service as a trustee of the Trust due to his or her death or Disability or 
 (ii) a Change in Control. 
 If the Independent Trustee s service as a trustee of the Trust terminates other than as described in clause (i) or (ii) of the foregoing sentence, then the Independent Trustee shall forfeit all of his or her right, title and interest in and to any unvested Class E Restricted Common Shares as of the date of such termination from the Board and such Class E Restricted Common Shares shall be forfeited to the Trust without further consideration or any act or action by the Board or the Independent Trustee. 
 Proration 
 If an Independent Trustee is newly appointed or elected to the Board, then his or her first quarterly cash payment will be prorated to reflect the number of calendar months of service between the beginning of the month of the effective date of the Independent Trustee s appointment or election through the last day of the respective calendar quarter (e.g. if an Independent Trustee is appointed or elected to the Board on February 15, then his or her first quarterly cash payment will be reduced by 1 3 to cover 2 months of service during February and March of such calendar quarter). 
 Other than with respect to the Initial Trustee Grants, if an Independent Trustee is newly appointed or elected to the Board, (i) his or her Class E Restricted Common Shares grant shall be prorated to reflect the number of calendar months between the beginning of the month of the date of his or her appointment or election to the Board and the next Grant Date (e.g., if an Independent Trustee is appointed or elected to the Board on June 28, then his or her first Class E Restricted Common Shares grant shall be prorated to reflect three full months of service during June, July and August, assuming a Grant Date in September) and (ii) such Independent Trustee shall be granted the number of Class E Restricted Common Shares as described in (i) on or before the third (3rd) business day following his or her appointment or election to the Board, which shall vest on the first anniversary of such date. 
 Similarly, if an Independent Trustee s service to the Board is terminated for any reason during a calendar quarter, his or her last quarterly cash payment will be prorated to reflect the number of full calendar months of service between the first day of the respective calendar quarter and the termination date. Any such prorated cash payment shall be made within seven calendar days following such termination. The Board may alter or adjust the proration noted above for any Independent Trustee or for any particular circumstance. 
 2 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 8
 exhibit105-restrictedcommo.htm
 PCREI TRUST INDEPENDENT TRUSTEE RESTRICTED COMMON SHARE PLAN 111124

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5 

 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST 
 INDEPENDENT TRUSTEE RESTRICTED COMMON SHARE PLAN 
 ARTICLE 1 
 PURPOSE 
 1.1 PURPOSE . The purpose of the Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust Independent Trustee Restricted Common Share Plan (the Plan is to promote the interests of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust (the Trust and its shareholders by granting restricted shares and or restricted share units to its Independent Trustees in order to (i) attract and retain highly qualified Independent Trustees by affording them an opportunity to share in the future successes of the Trust, (ii) align the Independent Trustees financial interests with those of the Trust s shareholders and (iii) provide the Independent Trustees with a proprietary interest in maximizing the growth, profitability and overall success of the Trust. 
 ARTICLE 2 
 DEFINITIONS 
 2.1. DEFINITIONS . When a word or phrase appears in this Plan with the initial letter capitalized, and the word or phrase does not commence a sentence, the word or phrase shall generally be given the meaning ascribed to it in this Section or in Section 1.1 unless a clearly different meaning is required by the context. The following words and phrases shall have the following meanings 
 (a) Affiliate means (i) any Subsidiary or Parent or (ii) an entity that directly or through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Trust, as determined by the Board. 
 (b) Award means an award of Restricted Common Shares and or Restricted Common Share Units granted to a Participant under the Plan. 
 (c) Award Certificate means a written document, in such form as the Board prescribes from time to time, setting forth the terms and conditions of an Award. Award Certificates may be in the form of individual award agreements or certificates or a program document describing the terms and provisions of an Award or series of Awards under the Plan. The Board may provide for the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper Award Certificates, and the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper means for the acceptance thereof and actions thereunder by a Participant. 
 (d) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given such term in Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the 1934 Act. 
 (e) Board means the Board of Trustees of the Trust. 
 (f) Change in Control means and includes the occurrence of any one of the following events (but shall specifically exclude an Offering) 

(i) during any consecutive 12-month period, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Board of Trustees of the Trust (the Incumbent Trustees cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of such Board, provided that any person becoming a trustee after the beginning of such 12-month period and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Trustees then on the Board shall be an Incumbent Trustee or 
 (ii) any person becomes a Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of either (A) 50 or more of the then-outstanding Common Shares or (B) securities of the Trust representing 50 or more of the combined voting power of the Trust s then outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of trustees (the Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (ii), the following acquisitions of Common Shares or Voting Securities shall not constitute a Change in Control (w) an acquisition directly from the Trust, (x) an acquisition by the Trust or a Subsidiary, (y) an acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Trust or any Subsidiary, or (z) an acquisition pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction (as defined in subsection (iii) below) or 
 (iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Trust or a Subsidiary (a Reorganization ), or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Trust s assets (a Sale or the acquisition of assets or stock of another corporation or other entity (an Acquisition ), unless immediately following such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners, respectively, of the outstanding Common Shares and outstanding Trust Voting Securities immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of, respectively, the then-outstanding Common Shares and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding Voting Securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors trustees, as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (including, without limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns the Trust or all or substantially all of the Trust s assets or shares either directly or through one or more subsidiaries, the Surviving Entity in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition, of then-outstanding Common Shares and then-outstanding Voting Securities, as the case may be, and (B) no person (other than (x) the Trust or any Subsidiary, (y) the Surviving Entity or its ultimate parent entity, or (z) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by any of the foregoing) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 50 or more of the total common shares or 50 or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors or trustees of the Surviving Entity, and (C) at least a majority of the 
 2 

members of the board of directors or trustees of the Surviving Entity were Incumbent Trustees at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (any Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition which satisfies all of the criteria specified in (A), (B) and (C) above shall be deemed to be a Non-Qualifying Transaction ). 
 (g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. For purposes of this Plan, references to sections of the Code shall be deemed to include references to any applicable regulations thereunder and any successor or similar provision. 
 (h) Common Shares means shares of beneficial interest of the Trust, par value 0.01 per share. If there has been an adjustment or substitution with respect to the Common Shares (whether or not pursuant to Article 9), the term Common Shares shall also include any common shares or other securities that are substituted for Common Shares or into which Common Shares are adjusted. 
 (i) Continuous Service means the absence of any interruption or termination of service as a trustee of the Trust. 
 (j) Declaration of Trust means the means the Declaration of the Trust, as may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
 (k) Disability of a Participant shall mean the inability of the Participant, as reasonably determined by the Trust, to perform the essential functions of his or her regular duties and responsibilities, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to a medically determinable physical or mental illness which has lasted (or can reasonably be expected to last) for a period of six (6) consecutive months or more. 
 (l) Dividend Equivalent means a right granted with respect to a Restricted Common Share Unit Award pursuant to Article 7. 
 (m) Effective Date has the meaning assigned such term in Section 3.1. 
 (n) Grant Date of an Award means the first date on which all necessary corporate action has been taken to approve the grant of the Award as provided in the Plan, or such later date as is determined and specified as part of that authorization process. Notice of the grant shall be provided to the grantee within a reasonable time after the Grant Date. 
 (o) Independent Trustee means a trustee of the Trust who meets the requirements set forth for an Independent Trustee in the Declaration of Trust. 
 (p) Offering means a public or private offering of any class or series of the Trust s equity securities pursuant to a registration statement filed by the Trust under the 1933 Act or exemption therefrom. 
 3 

(q) Parent means a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity which owns or beneficially owns a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power of the Trust. 
 (r) Participant means an Independent Trustee who has been granted an Award under the Plan provided that in the case of the death of a Participant, the term Participant refers to a beneficiary designated pursuant to Section 8.5 or the legal guardian or other legal representative acting in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Participant under applicable state law and court supervision. 
 (s) Person means any individual, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of the 1934 Act and as used in Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the 1934 Act. 
 (t) Plan means this Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust Independent Trustee Restricted Share Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 (u) Restricted Common Shares means Class E Common Shares granted to a Participant under Article 6 that are subject to certain restrictions and to risk of forfeiture. 
 (v) Restricted Common Share Unit means the right granted to a Participant under Article 6 to receive Class E Common Shares (or the equivalent value in cash or other property if the Board so provides) in the future, which right is subject to certain restrictions and to risk of forfeiture. 
 (w) Subsidiary means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity of which a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Trust. 
 (x) Trust means Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, a Maryland statutory trust. 
 (y) 1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time. 
 (z) 1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 
 4 

ARTICLE 3 
 EFFECTIVE TERM OF PLAN 
 3.1. EFFECTIVE DATE . The Plan will become effective on the date that it is adopted by the Board (the Effective Date ). 
 3.2. TERM OF PLAN . Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, the Plan shall continue in effect until the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date or, if the shareholders approve an amendment to the Plan that increases the number of Class E Common Shares subject to the Plan, the tenth anniversary of the date of such approval. The termination of the Plan on such date shall not affect the validity of any Award outstanding on the date of termination, which shall continue to be governed by the applicable terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 ARTICLE 4 
 ADMINISTRATION 
 4.1. ADMINISTRATOR ACTION AND INTERPRETATIONS BY THE BOARD . The Plan shall be administered by the Board. For purposes of administering the Plan, the Board may from time to time adopt rules, regulations, guidelines and procedures for carrying out the provisions and purposes of the Plan and make such other determinations, not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Board may deem appropriate. The Board may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award in the manner and to the extent it deems necessary to carry out the intent of the Plan. The Board s interpretation of the Plan, any Awards granted under the Plan, any Award Certificate and all decisions and determinations by the Board with respect to the Plan are final, binding, and conclusive on all parties and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by applicable law. Each member of the Board is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to that member by any officer of the Trust or any Affiliate, the Trust s or an Affiliate s independent certified public accountants, Trust counsel or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Trust or the Board to assist in the administration of the Plan. No member of the Board will be liable for any good faith determination, act or omission in connection with the Plan or any Award. 
 4.2. AUTHORITY OF BOARD . The Board has the exclusive power, authority and discretion to (a) grant Awards (b) designate Participants (c) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Participant (d) determine the number of Awards to be granted and the number of Class E Common Shares or dollar amount to which an Award will relate (e) determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted under the Plan (f) prescribe the form of each Award Certificate, which need not be identical for each Participant (g) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be settled in cash, Class E Common Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or methods by which Awards may be settled, canceled, forfeited, or suspended (h) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the delivery of cash, Class E Common Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant or of the Board (i) decide all other matters that must be determined in 
 5 

connection with an Award (j) establish, adopt or revise any rules, regulations, guidelines or procedures as it may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan (k) make all other decisions and determinations that may be required under the Plan or as the Board deems necessary or advisable to administer the Plan (l) amend the Plan or any Award Certificate as provided herein and (m) adopt such modifications, procedures and subplans as may be necessary or desirable to comply with provisions of the laws of the United States or any non-U.S. jurisdictions in which the Trust or any Affiliate may operate, in order to assure the viability of the benefits of Awards granted to participants located in the United States or such other jurisdictions and to further the objectives of the Plan. 
 ARTICLE 5 
 SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 
 5.1. NUMBER AND CLASS OF SHARES . The Plan provides for the issuance of Class E Common Shares pursuant to Awards. Subject to adjustment as provided in Sections 5.2 and Section 9.1, the aggregate number of Class E Common Shares reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall be 200,000. The maximum aggregate number of Class E Common Shares associated with any Award granted under the Plan in any calendar year to any one Independent Trustee shall be 10,000. 
 5.2. SHARE COUNTING . Class E Common Shares covered by an Award shall be subtracted from the Plan share reserve as of the Grant Date, but shall be added back to the Plan share reserve or otherwise treated in accordance with this Section 5.2. 
 (a) To the extent that an Award is canceled, terminates, expires, is forfeited or lapses for any reason, any unissued or forfeited Class E Common Shares subject to the Award will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. 
 (b) Class E Common Shares subject to Awards settled in cash will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. 
 (c) To the extent that the full number of Class E Common Shares subject to an Award is not issued for any reason, the unissued Class E Common Shares originally subject to the Award shall count against the number of Class E Common Shares remaining available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. 
 5.3. SHARES DISTRIBUTED . Any Class E Common Shares distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Class E Common Shares, treasury Class E Common Shares or Class E Common Shares purchased on the open market. 
 6 

ARTICLE 6 
 RESTRICTED COMMON SHARES AND RESTRICTED COMMON SHARE UNITS 
 6.1. GRANT OF RESTRICTED COMMON SHARES AND RESTRICTED COMMON SHARE UNITS . The Board is authorized to make Awards of Restricted Common Shares or Restricted Common Share Units to Participants in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as may be selected by the Board and set forth in an Award Certificate setting forth the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to the Award. 
 6.2. ISSUANCE AND RESTRICTIONS . Restricted Common Shares or Restricted Common Share Units shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the Board may impose (including, for example, limitations on the right to vote Restricted Common Shares or the right to receive dividends on the Restricted Common Shares). These restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, under such circumstances, in such installments, as the Board determines at the time of the grant of the Award or thereafter. Except as otherwise provided in an Award Certificate or any special Plan document governing an Award, a Participant shall have none of the rights of a shareholder with respect to Restricted Common Share Units until such time as Class E Common Shares are issued in settlement of such Awards. 
 6.3. DIVIDENDS ON RESTRICTED COMMON SHARES . In the case of Restricted Common Shares, the Board may provide that ordinary cash dividends declared on the Common Shares before they are vested (i) will be paid or distributed to the Participant holding Restricted Common Shares as accrued (in which case, such dividends must be paid or distributed no later than the 15th day of the 3rd month following the later of (A) the calendar year in which the corresponding dividends were paid to other shareholders, or (B) the first calendar year in which the Participant s right to such dividends is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture) (ii) will be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Class E Common Shares or otherwise reinvested (subject to Class E Common Share availability under Section 5.1 hereof and subject to the same vesting provisions as the corresponding Restricted Common Shares provided for in the host Award) or (iii) will be credited by the Trust to an account for the Participant and accumulated without interest until the date upon which the corresponding Restricted Common Shares become vested and are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Any dividends accrued with respect to forfeited Restricted Common Shares will be forfeited and reconveyed to the Trust without further consideration or any act or action by the Participant. 
 6.4. FORFEITURE . Subject to the terms of the Award Certificate and except as otherwise determined by the Board at the time of the grant of the Award or thereafter, upon termination of Continuous Service during the applicable restriction period and prior to vesting, Restricted Common Shares and Restricted Common Share Units that are at that time unvested and subject to restrictions shall be forfeited. 
 7 

6.5. DELIVERY OF RESTRICTED COMMON SHARES . Restricted Common Shares shall be delivered to the Participant at the Grant Date either by book-entry registration or by delivering to the Participant, or a custodian or escrow agent (including, without limitation, the Trust) designated by the Board, a share certificate or certificates registered in the name of the Participant. If physical certificates representing shares of Restricted Common Shares are registered in the name of the Participant, such certificates must bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Common Shares. 
 ARTICLE 7 
 DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 
 7.1. GRANT OF DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS . The Board is authorized to grant Dividend Equivalents with respect to Restricted Common Share Units granted hereunder, subject to such terms and conditions as may be selected by the Board. Dividend Equivalents shall entitle the Participant to receive payments equal to ordinary cash dividends or distributions with respect to all or a portion of the number of Class E Common Shares subject to Restricted Common Share Unit Award, as determined by the Board. The Board may provide that Dividend Equivalents (i) will be paid or distributed to the Participant holding Restricted Common Share Units as accrued (in which case, such Dividend Equivalents must be paid or distributed no later than the 15th day of the 3rd month following the later of (A) the calendar year in which the corresponding dividends were paid to shareholders, or (B) the first calendar year in which the Participant s right to such Dividend Equivalents is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture), (ii) will be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Class E Common Shares or otherwise reinvested, which shall be subject to the same vesting provisions as the corresponding Restricted Common Share Units provided for in the host Award, or (iii) will be credited by the Trust to an account for the Participant and accumulated without interest until the date upon which the corresponding Restricted Common Share Units become vested. Any Dividend Equivalents accrued with respect to forfeited Awards will be forfeited and reconveyed to the Trust without further consideration or any act or action by the Participant. 
 ARTICLE 8 
 PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO AWARDS 
 8.1. ELIGIBILITY . Awards may be granted only to Independent Trustees. 
 8.2. AWARD CERTIFICATES . Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Certificate. Each Award Certificate shall include such provisions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as may be specified by the Board. 
 8.3. FORM OF PAYMENT FOR AWARDS . At the discretion of the Board, payment of Awards may be made in cash, Class E Common Shares, a combination of cash and Class E Common Shares, or any other form of property as the Board shall determine. In addition, payment of Awards may include such terms, conditions, restrictions and or limitations, if any, as the Board deems appropriate, including, in the case of Awards paid in the form of Class E Common Shares, restrictions on transfer and forfeiture provisions. 
 8 

8.4. LIMITS ON TRANSFER . No right or interest of a Participant in any restricted Award may be pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated to or in favor of any party, or shall be subject to any lien, obligation, or liability of such Participant to any other party. No restricted Award shall be assignable or transferable by a Participant other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution provided, however, that the Board may (but need not) permit other transfers (other than transfers for value) where the Board concludes that such transferability (i) does not result in accelerated taxation, and (ii) is otherwise appropriate and desirable, taking into account any factors deemed relevant, including without limitation, state or federal tax or securities laws applicable to transferable Awards. 
 8.5. BENEFICIARIES . Notwithstanding Section 8.4, a Participant may, in the manner determined by the Board, designate a beneficiary to exercise the rights of the Participant and to receive any distribution with respect to any Award upon the Participant s death. A beneficiary, legal guardian, legal representative, or other person claiming any rights under the Plan is subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award Certificate applicable to the Participant, except to the extent the Plan and Award Certificate otherwise provide, and to any additional restrictions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Board. If no beneficiary has been designated or survives the Participant, any payment due to the Participant shall be made to the Participant s estate. Subject to the foregoing, a beneficiary designation may be changed or revoked by a Participant, in the manner provided by the Trust, at any time provided the change or revocation is filed with the Trust. 
 8.6. SHARE TRADING RESTRICTIONS . All Class E Common Shares issuable under the Plan are subject to any stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Board deems necessary or advisable to comply with federal or state securities laws, rules and regulations and the rules of any national securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Class E Common Shares are listed, quoted, or traded. The Board may place legends on any Class E Common Share certificate or issue instructions to the transfer agent to reference restrictions applicable to the Class E Common Shares. 
 8.7. DISCRETION TO ACCELERATE VESTING . The Board may in its sole discretion at any time determine that all or a part of the restrictions on all or a portion of the Participant s outstanding Awards shall lapse, as of such date as the Board may, in its sole discretion, declare. The Board may discriminate among Participants and among Awards granted to a Participant in exercising its discretion pursuant to this Section 8.7. 
 8.8. FORFEITURE EVENTS . Awards under the Plan shall be subject to any compensation recoupment policy that the Trust may adopt from time to time that is applicable by its terms to the Participant. In addition, the Board may specify in an Award Certificate that the Participant s rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting conditions of an Award. Such events may include, but shall not be limited to, (i) violation of material Trust or Affiliate policies, (ii) subject to any restrictions under applicable state or other laws, breach of noncompetition, confidentiality or other restrictive covenants that may apply to the Participant, or (iii) other conduct by the Participant that is detrimental to the business or reputation of the Trust or any Affiliate. 
 9 

ARTICLE 9 
 CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
 9.1. MANDATORY ADJUSTMENTS . In the event of a nonreciprocal transaction between the Trust and its shareholders that causes the per-share value of the Class E Common Shares to change (including, without limitation, any share dividend, share split, spin-off, rights offering, or large nonrecurring cash dividend), the Board shall make such adjustments to the Plan and Awards as it deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights immediately resulting from such transaction. Action by the Board may include (i) adjustment of the number and kind of shares that may be delivered under the Plan (ii) adjustment of the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards and (iii) any other adjustments that the Board determines to be equitable. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Class E Common Shares (share-split), a declaration of a dividend payable in Class E Common Shares, or a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Class E Common Shares into a lesser number of Class E Common Shares, the authorization limit under Section 5.1 shall automatically be adjusted proportionately, and the Class E Common Shares then subject to each Award shall automatically, without the necessity for any additional action by the Board, be adjusted proportionately without any change in the aggregate purchase price therefor. 
 9.2. DISCRETIONARY ADJUSTMENTS . Upon the occurrence or in anticipation of any corporate event or transaction involving the Trust (including, without limitation, any merger, reorganization, recapitalization, combination or exchange of shares, or any transaction described in Section 9.1), the Board may, in its sole discretion, provide (i) that Awards will be settled in cash rather than Class E Common Shares, (ii) that Awards will become immediately vested and non-forfeitable, (iii) that Awards will be assumed by another party to a transaction or otherwise be equitably converted or substituted in connection with such transaction or (iv) any combination of the foregoing. The Board s determination need not be uniform and may be different for different Participants whether or not such Participants are similarly situated. 
 9.3. GENERAL . Any discretionary adjustments made pursuant to this Article 9 shall be subject to the provisions of Section 10.2. 
 ARTICLE 10 
 AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION 
 10.1. AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION . The Board may, at any time and from time to time, amend, modify or terminate the Plan without shareholder approval provided , however , that if an amendment to the Plan would, in the reasonable opinion of the Board constitute a material change requiring shareholder approval under applicable laws, policies or regulations, then such amendment shall be subject to shareholder approval and provided , further , that the Board may condition any other amendment or modification on the approval of shareholders of the Trust for any reason. 
 10 

10.2. AWARDS PREVIOUSLY GRANTED . At any time and from time to time, the Board may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award without approval of the Participant provided , however 
 (a) Subject to the terms of the applicable Award Certificate, such amendment, modification or termination shall not, without the Participant s consent, reduce or diminish the value of such Award determined as if the Award had been exercised, vested, cashed in or otherwise settled on the date of such amendment or termination 
 (b) No termination, amendment, or modification of the Plan shall adversely affect any Award previously granted under the Plan, without the written consent of the Participant affected thereby. An outstanding Award shall not be deemed to be adversely affected by a Plan amendment if such amendment would not reduce or diminish the value of such Award determined as if the Award had been exercised, vested, cashed in or otherwise settled on the date of such amendment. 
 10.3. COMPLIANCE AMENDMENTS . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in any Award Certificate to the contrary, the Board may amend the Plan or an Award Certificate, to take effect retroactively or otherwise, as deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of conforming the Plan or Award Certificate to any present or future law relating to plans of this or similar nature (including, but not limited to, Section 409A of the Code), and to the administrative regulations and rulings promulgated thereunder. By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant agrees to any amendment made pursuant to this Section 10.3 to any Award granted under the Plan without further consideration or action. 
 ARTICLE 11 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 11.1. RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS . 
 (a) No Participant or any Independent Trustee shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan. Neither the Trust, its Affiliates nor the Board is obligated to treat Participants or Independent Trustees uniformly, and determinations made under the Plan may be made by the Board selectively among Independent Trustees who receive, or are eligible to receive, Awards (whether or not such Independent Trustees are similarly situated). 
 (b) Nothing in the Plan, any Award Certificate or any other document or statement made with respect to the Plan, shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Trust or any Affiliate to terminate any Participant s service as a trustee, at any time, nor confer upon any Participant any right to continue as a trustee of the Trust or any Affiliate, whether for the duration of a Participant s Award or otherwise. 
 11 

(c) Neither an Award nor any benefits arising under this Plan shall constitute an employment contract with the Trust or any Affiliate and, accordingly, subject to Article 10, this Plan and the benefits hereunder may be terminated at any time in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Board without giving rise to any liability on the part of the Trust or an of its Affiliates. 
 (d) No Award gives a Participant any of the rights of a shareholder of the Trust unless and until Class E Common Shares are in fact issued to such person in connection with such Award. 
 11.2. SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATED TO SECTION 409A OF THE CODE . 
 (a) General . It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under the Plan and any Award shall either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan and all Award Certificates shall be construed in a manner that effects such intent. Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under the Plan or any Award is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Trust, its Affiliates nor their respective trustees, directors, officers or advisers (other than in his or her capacity as a Participant) shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by any Participant or other taxpayer as a result of the Plan or any Award. 
 (b) Definitional Restrictions . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in any Award Certificate to the contrary, to the extent that any amount or benefit that would constitute non-exempt deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would otherwise be payable or distributable, or a different form of payment (e.g., lump sum or installment) of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would be effected, under the Plan or any Award Certificate by reason of the occurrence of a Change in Control, or the Participant s Disability or separation from service, such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation will not be payable or distributable to the Participant, and or such different form of payment will not be effected, by reason of such circumstance unless the circumstances giving rise to such Change in Control, Disability or separation from service meet any description or definition of change in control event , disability or separation from service , as the case may be, in Section 409A of the Code and applicable regulations (without giving effect to any elective provisions that may be available under such definition). This provision does not affect the dollar amount or prohibit the vesting of any Award upon a Change in Control, Disability or separation from service, however defined. If this provision prevents the payment or distribution of any amount or benefit, or the application of a different form of payment of any amount or benefit, such payment or distribution shall be made at the time and in the form that would have applied absent the non-409A-conforming event. 
 12 

11.3. UNFUNDED STATUS OF AWARDS . The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Certificate shall give the Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Trust or any Affiliate. In its sole discretion, the Board may authorize the creation of grantor trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver Class E Common Shares or payments in lieu of Class E Common Shares or with respect to Awards. This Plan is not intended to be subject to ERISA. 
 11.4. EXPENSES . The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Trust and its Affiliates. 
 11.5. TITLES AND HEADINGS . The titles and headings of the Sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control. 
 11.6. GENDER AND NUMBER . Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein also shall include the feminine the plural shall include the singular and the singular shall include the plural. 
 11.7. FRACTIONAL SHARES . No fractional Class E Common Shares shall be issued and the Board shall determine, in its discretion, whether cash shall be given in lieu of fractional Class E Common Shares or whether such fractional Class E Common Shares shall be eliminated by rounding up or down. 
 11.8. GOVERNMENT AND OTHER REGULATIONS . 
 (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no Participant who acquires Class E Common Shares pursuant to the Plan may, during any period of time that such Participant is an affiliate of the Trust (within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the 1933 Act), sell such Class E Common Shares, unless such offer and sale is made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, which is current and includes the Class E Common Shares to be sold, or (ii) pursuant to an appropriate exemption from the registration requirement of the 1933 Act, such as that set forth in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act. 
 (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, if at any time the Board shall determine that the registration, listing or qualification of the Class E Common Shares covered by an Award upon any securities exchange or under any foreign, federal, state or local law or practice, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the granting of such Award or the purchase or receipt of Class E Common Shares thereunder, no Class E Common Shares may be purchased, delivered or received pursuant to such Award unless and until such registration, listing, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any condition not acceptable to the Board. Any Participant 
 13 

receiving or purchasing Class E Common Shares pursuant to an Award shall make such representations and agreements and furnish such information as the Board may request to assure compliance with the foregoing or any other applicable legal requirements. The Trust shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for Class E Common Shares under the Plan prior to the Board s determination that all related requirements have been fulfilled. The Trust shall in no event be obligated to register any securities pursuant to the 1933 Act or applicable state or foreign law or to take any other action in order to cause the issuance and delivery of such certificates to comply with any such law, regulation or requirement. 
 11.9. GOVERNING LAW . To the extent not governed by federal law, the Plan and all Award Certificates shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 11.10. SEVERABILITY . In the event that any provision of this Plan is found to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable under any applicable law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed as rendering any other provisions contained herein as invalid or unenforceable, and all such other provisions will be given full force and effect to the same extent as though the invalid or unenforceable provision was not contained herein. 
 11.11. NO LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS OF TRUST . The grant of any Award shall not in any way affect the right or power of the Trust to make adjustments, reclassification or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. The Plan shall not restrict the authority of the Trust, for proper corporate purposes, to draft or assume awards, other than under the Plan, to or with respect to any person. If the Board so directs, the Trust may issue or transfer Class E Common Shares to an Affiliate, for such lawful consideration as the Board may specify, upon the condition or understanding that the Affiliate will transfer such Class E Common Shares to a Participant in accordance with the terms of an Award granted to such Participant and specified by the Board pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. 
 11.12. CLAWBACK REPAYMENT . All Awards shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply with (i) any clawback, forfeiture or other similar policy adopted by the Board and as in effect from time to time and (ii) applicable law. Further, to the extent that the Participant receives any amount in excess of the amount that the Participant should otherwise have received under the terms of the Award for any reason (including, without limitation, by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations or other administrative error), the Participant shall be required to repay any such excess amount to the Trust. 
 14 

The foregoing is hereby acknowledged as being the Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust Independent Trustee Restricted Share Plan as adopted by the Board on November 11, 2024. 
 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST 
 By s John T. Berg Name John T. Berg Title Chief Executive Officer 
 15 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 9
 exhibit106-formofrestricte.htm
 PCREI TRUST FORM OF RESTRICTED COMMON SHARE AWARD CERTIFICATE

Document 

Exhibit 10.6 
 FORM OF RESTRICTED COMMON SHARE AWARD CERTIFICATE 
 Non-transferable GRANT TO 
 ______________________ (the Participant 
 by Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust (the Trust of ________ shares of 
 its Class E common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share (the Class E Common Shares ). 
 The Class E Common Shares are granted pursuant to and subject to the provisions of the Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust Independent Trustee Restricted Common Share Plan (the Plan and to the terms and conditions set forth on the following pages (the Terms and Conditions ). By accepting the Class E Common Shares, the Participant shall be deemed to have agreed to the Terms and Conditions set forth in this Award Certificate and the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
 Unless vesting is accelerated in accordance with Section 2 of the Terms and Conditions, the Class E Common Shares shall vest (become non-forfeitable) in accordance with the following schedule, subject to the Participant s Continuous Service on each vesting date. 
 Vesting Date Percent of Shares Vesting November 11, 2025 100 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, acting by and through its duly authorized officers, has caused this Award Certificate to be duly executed. 
 PRINCIPAL CREDIT REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST By Its Grant Date 
 2 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 1. Restrictions . The Class E Common Shares are subject to each of the following restrictions. Restricted Common Shares mean those Class E Common Shares that are subject to the restrictions imposed hereunder which restrictions have not then expired or terminated. Restricted Common Shares may not be sold, transferred, exchanged, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered to or in favor of any party, or be subjected to any lien, obligation or liability of the Participant to any other party. If the Participant s Continuous Service with the Trust terminates for any reason other than as set forth in subsection (b) or (c) of Section 2 hereof, then the Participant shall forfeit all of the Participant s right, title and interest in and to any outstanding and unvested Restricted Common Shares held by the Participant as of the date of termination, and such outstanding and unvested Restricted Common Shares shall revert to the Trust immediately following the event of forfeiture. The restrictions imposed under this Section 1 shall apply to all Class E Common Shares or other securities issued with respect to Restricted Common Shares hereunder in connection with any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, share dividend or other change in corporate structure affecting the Class E Common Shares. 
 2. Expiration and Termination of Restrictions . The restrictions imposed under Section 1 will expire on the earliest to occur of the following (the period prior to such expiration being referred to herein as the Restricted Period 
 (a) as to the number of the Restricted Common Shares specified on the cover page hereof, on the respective vesting dates specified on such cover page, subject to the Participant s Continuous Service on each vesting date 
 (b) as to all of the outstanding and unvested Restricted Common Shares, upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service by the Trust by reason of the Participant s death or Disability or 
 (c) as to all of the outstanding and unvested Restricted Common Shares, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control. 
 3. Delivery of Common Shares . The Common Shares will be registered in the name of the Participant as of the Grant Date and may be held by the Trust during the Restricted Period in certificated or uncertificated form. Any certificate for the Restricted Common Shares issued during the Restricted Period shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (in addition to any legend required under applicable state securities laws) This certificate and the common shares of beneficial interest represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture and restrictions against transfer) contained in a Restricted Common Share Award Certificate between the registered owner of the shares represented hereby and Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust. Release from such terms and conditions shall be made only in accordance with the provisions of such Certificate, copies of which are on file in the offices of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust. Certificates for the Class E Common Shares, without the first above legend, shall be delivered to the Participant or the Participant s designee upon request of the Participant after the expiration of the Restricted Period, but delivery may be postponed for such period as may be required for the Trust with reasonable diligence to comply, if deemed advisable by the Trust, with registration requirements under the 1933 Act, listing requirements under the rules of any securities exchange, and requirements under any other law or regulation applicable to the issuance or transfer of the Shares. 
 4. Voting Ri g hts . The Participant, as beneficial owner of the Class E Common Shares, shall have full voting rights with respect to the Class E Common Shares during and after the Restricted Period. 
 3 

5. Dividend Ri g hts . The Participant shall accrue cash and non-cash dividends, if any, paid with respect to the Class E Common Shares, but the payment of such dividends shall be deferred and held (without interest) by the Trust for the account of the Participant until the expiration of the Restricted Period. During the Restricted Period, such dividends shall be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture provisions imposed under Section 2 as the Restricted Common Shares to which they relate. Accrued dividends deferred and held pursuant to the foregoing provision shall be paid by the Trust to the Participant promptly upon the expiration of the Restricted Period (and in any event within thirty (30) days of the date of such expiration). 
 6. No Ri g ht of Continued Service . Nothing in this Award Certificate shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Trust to terminate the Participant s service at any time, nor confer upon the Participant any right to continue providing services to the Trust. 
 7. Payment of Taxes . Upon issuance of the Common Shares hereunder, the Participant may make an election to be taxed upon the grant of such award under Section 83(b) of the Code (an 83(b) Election ). To effect such 83(b) Election, the Participant must file an appropriate election with Internal Revenue Service within 30 days after the Grant Date and otherwise in accordance with applicable Treasury Regulations. 
 8. Plan Controls . The terms contained in the Plan are incorporated into and made a part of this Award Certificate and this Award Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Plan. In the event of any actual or alleged conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Award Certificate, the provisions of the Plan shall be controlling and determinative. 
 9. Successors . This Award Certificate shall be binding upon any successor of the Trust, in accordance with the terms of this Award Certificate and the Plan. 
 10. Severabilit y. If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Award Certificate are invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Award Certificate will be construed and enforced as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been included. 
 11. Notice . Notices hereunder must be in writing, delivered personally or sent by registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices to the Trust must be addressed to Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust, 711 High Street, Des Moines, IA 50392 Attn Secretary, or any other address designated by the Trust in a written notice to the Participant. Notices to the Participant will be directed to the address of the Participant then currently on file with the Trust, or at any other address given by the Participant in a written notice to the Trust. 
 4 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 exhibit311-certificationof.htm
 CERT PRINC EXEC OFR BERG RULE 13A-14(A), 15D-14(A)34 ACTSEC 302-SARBANESOX 2002

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John T. Berg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 s John T. Berg 
 
 John T. Berg 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 exhibit312-certificationof.htm
 CERT PRINC EXEC OFR RILEY RULE 13A-14(A), 15D-14(A)34 ACTSEC 302-SARBANESOX 2002

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brian Riley, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 s Brian Riley 
 
 Brian Riley 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 exhibit321-certificationof.htm
 CERT PRINC EXEC OFR BERG 18 USC SEC 1350, SEC 906 SARBANES-OXLEY 2002

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John T. Berg, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s John T. Berg 
 John T. Berg 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 November 12, 2024 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 exhibit322-certificationof.htm
 CERT PRINC EXEC OFR RILEY 18 USC SEC 1350, SEC 906 SARBANES-OXLEY 2002

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Principal Credit Real Estate Income Trust (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian Riley, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Brian Riley 
 Brian Riley 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 November 12, 2024 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 pg4-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 pg4-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 pg4-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 pg4-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 pg4-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

