<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1889983_0001213900-24-093690.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3413574</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83654</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>810194</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>677241</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>805876</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>965935</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-093690.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101211918
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-093690
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Keen Vision Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001889983
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41753
		FILM NUMBER:		241420483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		37 GREENBRIAR DRIVE
		CITY:			SUMMIT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 609-1394

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		37 GREENBRIAR DRIVE
		CITY:			SUMMIT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-093690.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 ea0218932-10q_keenvision.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of October 2, 2024, there were 
ordinary shares of the Registrant, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

KEEN VISION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Financial
 Statements 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 23 

Item 4. 
 Control and Procedures 
 23 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 24 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 24 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered
 Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 24 

Item 3. 
 Defaults
 Upon Senior Securities 
 24 

Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 24 

Item 5. 
 Other
 Information 
 24 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 25 

SIGNATURES 
 26 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

KEEN VISION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December, 31 

2024 
 2023 

(Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash at bank 

Prepayment 

Total current assets 

Cash and investments held in trust account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Amount due to a related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting compensation 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 
 -
 
 -

Ordinary shares, shares subject to possible redemption issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Shareholders deficit: 

Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (excluding 14,950,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

1 

KEEN VISION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Three Months ended September 30, 
 Nine Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Formation and operating costs 

Other income: 

Dividend income earned in investments held in Trust Account 

Interest income earned in investments held in Trust Account 
 -
 
 -

-

Interest income 

Total other income 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Transfer to realized gain in investments held in Trust Account 
 -

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary shares not subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, attributable to ordinary shares not subject to possible redemption 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

2 

KEEN VISION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 

Ordinary shares 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total shareholders 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 income (loss) 
 deficit 
 deficit 

Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Transfer to realized gain on available held for sale securities 
 - 
 -

-

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

-

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

-

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

-

Nine months ended September
 30, 2023 

Ordinary shares 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total shareholders equity 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 income 
 deficit 
 (deficit) 

Balance as of January 31, 2023 (1) 

-

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2023 (1) 

-

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2023 (1) 

-

Sale of units in initial public offering, net of offering costs 

-
 
 -

Sale of units to the founder in private placement 

-
 
 -

Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption 

-
 
 -

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

-
 
 -

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

-

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unrealized gain on available held for sale securities 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

-

(1) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

3 

KEEN VISION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income earned in cash and investments held in trust account 
 
 -

Dividend income earned in cash and investments held in trust account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepayment 

Accrued expenses 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advance from a related party 

Repayment to related party 
 -

Proceeds from public offering 
 -

Proceeds from private placement 
 -

Payment of offering costs 
 -

Proceed from promissory note - related party 
 -
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BANK, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT BANK, END OF PERIOD 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption 
 -

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to possible redemption 
 -

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Accrued underwriting compensation 
 -

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

4 

KEEN VISION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

units (the Public Units ), which includes Public Units upon the full exercise
by the underwriter of its over-allotment option, at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of to the
Company. Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share Public Share and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per share. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to KVC Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds
of to the Company. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one ordinary share Private Placement Share and one redeemable warrant Private Warrant to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole
share. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions and of other offering
costs. In addition, at July 27, 2023, cash of was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the payment of
offering costs and for working capital purposes. Cash of was transferred to the Trust Account on July 27, 2023. 

5 

per Public Unit) held in a trust account Trust Account established for the benefit
of the Company s public shareholders and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, will be
invested only in U.S. government treasury bills, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S.
Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company
to pay its taxes, if any, the funds in the Trust Account will not be released until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to redeem of its public shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within nine months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company extends
the period of time to consummate a Business Combination, including Automatic Extension Period) or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of the Company s public
shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within nine months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a
Business Combination, including Automatic Extension Period), subject to applicable law. 

Business
Combination 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Nasdaq rules provide
that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 
of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the
signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business
Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide its shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection
with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with an Initial
Business Combination, the Company may seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which
shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company shall
not consummate such Business Combination unless (i) the Company has net tangible assets of at least US after payment of
the deferred underwriting commissions, either immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or
cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination; or (ii) otherwise the Company is exempt
from the provisions of Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to 
or more of the public shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

If a shareholder vote is not required and the
Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in
a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

6 

per public share, subject to increase
of up to an additional per public share per each three-month extension in the event that the Sponsor elects to extend the period
of time to consummate a Business Combination (see below), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem
their public shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed
in Note 7). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants.
The Public Shares were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering,
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

The Company will proceed with a Business Combination
if (i) the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) otherwise
the Company is exempt from the provisions of Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and, if the Company seeks
shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote
is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant
to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC,
and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior
to completing a Business Combination. 

The Sponsor and any of the Company s officers
or directors that may hold Founder Shares (as described in Note 5) (as defined the initial shareholders are identical to
the Public Shares except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial
business combination, with respect thereto, a vote to amend the provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association, or a tender offer by the Company prior to a Business Combination. 

On March 22, 2024, the Company entered into a
non-binding letter of intent (the LOI with a business combination target (the Target ), regarding a potential
business combination involving the Target and its subsidiaries (the Proposed Transaction ). The Target is a clinical stage
biopharmaceutical company based in Boston, U.S., focusing on i) the research, development, manufacture and use of self-developed pioneering
human stem cell-based bioengineering technology platform for novel drug discovery; and ii) the development of next-generation cell and
gene therapies for a range of difficult-to-treat or incurable diseases. With a pipeline of therapeutic candidates, the Target s
several experimental gene therapies have already obtained U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA Investigational New Drug
(IND) approvals as ongoing clinical trials at multiple premier hospitals in the U.S. with active patient enrolments. 

The LOI is non-binding and no agreement providing
for any Proposed Transaction or any other transaction or the participation by either party therein will be deemed to exist unless and
until definitive agreements have been executed. Pursuant to the IPO prospectus dated July 24, 2023, (Registration No. 333-269659) filed
by the Company for the initial public offering (the IPO ), the Company is entitled to an automatic six-month extension to
complete a business combination (the Automatic Extension Period after the execution of the LOI and has 15 months from the
closing of its IPO, or October 27, 2024, to complete its initial business combination period. 

On September 3, 2024, the Company has entered
into merger agreement Merger Agreement with Medera Inc. Medera ). The Company will incorporate a Cayman
Islands exempted company Acquirer to be a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of the merger
of Company with and into the Acquirer (the Reincorporation Merger ), in which Acquirer will be the surviving entity. 
Acquirer upon its incorporation will form a Cayman Islands exempted company to be a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquirer Merger
Sub for the purpose of effectuating the Acquisition Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement,
(a) The Company will reincorporate by merging with and into the Acquirer, in which the Acquirer will be the surviving company and the
Company will cease to exist, and (b) promptly after the Reincorporation Merger, the parties intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub with
and into Medera, in which Medera will be the surviving entity (the Acquisition Merger , together with the Reincorporation
Merger, the Mergers and together with the other transactions related thereto, the Proposed Business Combination ). 

7 

for 
of Medera s issued and outstanding ordinary shares, with each Acquirer Ordinary Share valued at . 

The Company will have until November 27, 2024
(unless further extended) to consummate a Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate
a Business Combination within nine months (the Combination Period ), the Company may extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination up to two times, each by an additional three months each time (for a total of 21 months including Automatic Extension
Period) by depositing into the Trust Account (approximately per share per each three-month extension) to complete
a Business Combination (the Paid Extension Period ). Any funds which may be provided to extend the time frame will be in
the form of a loan to the Company from the Sponsor. The terms of any such loan have not been definitively negotiated, provided, however,
any loan will be interest free and will be repayable only if the Company completes a Business Combination. 

As of the date of this report, the Company has extended one time by
an additional one month each time, and so it now has until November 27, 2024 to consummate a business combination. Pursuant to the terms
of the current amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, in order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate our initial business combination,
the Company s insiders or their affiliates or designees, must deposit into the Trust Account on or prior to the date of
the applicable deadline. On October 28, 2024, the Company has deposited in an amount of into the Trust Account in order
to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until November 27, 2024. 

Liquidation 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable
and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to ), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal
dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable
law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with
the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the public shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price of per Public Unit. 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target
business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below
(i) per share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of
the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of
any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

8 

and net income of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company has
incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. The Company initially had
nine months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering to consummate the initial Business Combination. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within nine months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company will trigger an automatic
winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. As a
result, this has the same effect as if the Company had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Companies Act
(As Revised) of the British Virgin Islands. Accordingly, no vote would be required from our shareholders to commence such a voluntary
winding up, dissolution and liquidation. However, the Company may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination nine times
(for a total of up to 21 months from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering to complete a Business Combination, including Automatic
Extension Period). If the Company is unable to consummate the Company s Initial Business Combination by November 27, 2024 (unless
further extended), the Company will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the Company s
outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, including a pro rata portion of any interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not necessary to pay taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, the Company
may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of the Company s
public shareholders. In the event of dissolution and liquidation, the Company s warrants will expire and will be worthless. 

Additionally, the Company may not be able to obtain
additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction,
and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern if a Business
Combination is not consummated by November 27, 2024 (unless further extended). These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

9 

owned by the Company KVAC MS (Cayman) Limited owned by the Acquirer 

10 

and ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

11 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

12 

and shares, respectively, in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per
share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would
be anti-dilutive and the Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised
or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, the diluted income (loss) per share is the
same as basic income (loss) per share for the period presented. 

13 

-

-

Total expenses 

Total allocation to redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary share 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

-

-

Total expenses 

Total allocation to redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary share 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

14 

Public Units, which includes Public Units upon the full exercise by
the underwriter of its over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Public Unit. Each Public Unit consists of one Public
share and one Public Warrant to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per share (see Note 6). 

All of the public shares
sold as part of the Public Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public
Shares if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or in connection with the Company s liquidation.
In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,
redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside
of permanent equity. 

The Company s redeemable ordinary share
is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is
probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value
over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later)
to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust
the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize
the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in
absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

Private Placement Units, at a price
of per Private Placement Unit. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Private Placement share and one Private Warrant
to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share. 

The Private Placement Units are identical to the
Public Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except for certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. 

15 

Founder Shares to the initial shareholders, including an aggregate of up
to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not
exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares
after the Initial Public Offering (see Note 6) for an aggregate purchase price of . As a result of the underwriters full
exercise of their over-allotment option on July 27, 2023, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture (See Note 7). 

Administrative Services Arrangement 

An affiliate of the Sponsor agreed that, commencing from the date that
the Company s securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination
and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, administrative
and support services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay the affiliate of the Sponsor per
month for these services commencing on the closing date of the Initial Public Offering for 15 months (or up to 21 months including Automatic
Extension Period). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unpaid services fee was and , respectively,
and is presented in amount due to a related party in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively and is
included in formation and operating costs in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income (loss). 

Advance from a Related Party 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had a temporary advance of and from the Sponsor, respectively. The balance is unsecured, interest-free
and has no fixed terms of repayment. 

ordinary
shares at par per share. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, and Ordinary Shares were issued and outstanding
excluding and Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, so that the
initial shareholders will own of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the sale of
the Private Units and assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Units in the Initial Public Offering). As a result of
the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option on July 27, 2023, no Founder Shares are currently subject to
forfeiture (see Note 7). 

Warrants 

Each holder of a warrant shall be entitled to
purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of . Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional
shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable after the consummation of a Business
Combination. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering
the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. The Company
has agreed that as soon as practicable after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file, and
within days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the
exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within days, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public
Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration
is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

16 

per warrant: 

upon not less than days prior written notice of
redemption to each warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary
share equals or exceeds per share, for any trading days within a trading days period ending on the third trading day prior
to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement
in effect with respect to the issuance of the ordinary share underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire -day
trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, 
as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be
adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price.
Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not
receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

In addition, if in connection with a Business
Combination, the Company (a) issues additional Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities at an issue price or effective issue price
of less than per share (with such issue price or effective issue price as determined by the Company s Board of Directors,
in good faith, and in the case of any such issuance to the Company s initial stockholders, or their affiliates, without taking into
account any Founders Shares held by them prior to such issuance), (b) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Business Combination on the date
of the consummation of such Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (c) the Fair Market Value (as defined below) is below per
share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (a) the Fair
Market Value or (b) the price at which the Company issues the ordinary shares or equity-linked securities, and the per share
redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Fair Market Value and the
price at which the Company issues ordinary shares or equity-linked securities. The Fair Market Value shall mean the volume
weighted average reported trading price of the ordinary shares for the twenty ) trading days starting on the trading day prior to the
date of the consummation of the Business Combination. 

The Private
Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Public Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering except that Private
Placement Units will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of the Company s Business
Combination and will be entitled to registration rights. 

17 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or , upon the closing of the Business Combination,
which is shown as deferred underwriting expenses on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

for all remaining public shares (the Extension Payment for each one-month extension. 

On October 28, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of to the KVC Sponsor LLC in exchange for KVC Sponsor LLC depositing such amount
into the Company s Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until November
27, 2024. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of a business combination by the Company. In addition, the Note
may be converted by the holder into units of the Company identical to the units issued in the Company s initial public offering
at a price of per unit. 

18 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Keen Vision Acquisition Corporation. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to KVC Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should
be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar
words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events
or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could
cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking
statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s registration statement on Form S-1
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed
on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the
Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the British Virgin Islands on June 18, 2021, and for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction
and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other
similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Quarterly Report as our initial
business combination. We have not selected any business combination target with respect to the initial business combination. 

On July 27, 2023, we consummated our Initial Public
Offering of 14,950,000 units (the Units ), inclusive of the over-allotment option of 1,950,000 Units. Each Unit consisted
of one ordinary share, par value US 0.0001 per share and one redeemable warrant. Our Registration Statement on Form S-1 for the Initial
Public Offering was declared effective by the SEC on July 24, 2023. EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton ),
and Brookline Capital Markets, a division of Arcadia Securities, LLC Brookline acted as an underwriter for the Initial
Public Offering. The Units were sold at an offering price of US 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of US 149,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering on July 27, 2023, we consummated the sale of 678,575 Private Placement Units. The Private Placement Units were sold at
a price of US 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in the private placement, generating gross proceeds of US 6,785,750. 

Transaction costs amounted to US 6,597,980, consisting
of US 2,990,000 of underwriting commissions, US 2,990,000 of deferred underwriting commissions and US 617,980 of other offering costs. 

19 

On March 22, 2024, the Company entered into a
non-binding letter of intent (the LOI with a business combination target (the Target ), regarding a potential
business combination involving the Target and its subsidiaries (the Proposed Transaction ). The Target is a clinical stage
biopharmaceutical company based in Boston, U.S., focusing on i) the research, development, manufacture and use of self-developed pioneering
human stem cell-based bioengineering technology platform for novel drug discovery; and ii) the development of next-generation cell and
gene therapies for a range of difficult-to-treat or incurable diseases. With a pipeline of therapeutic candidates, the Target s
several experimental gene therapies have already obtained U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA Investigational New Drug
(IND) approvals as ongoing clinical trials at multiple premier hospitals in the U.S. with active patient enrolments. The LOI is non-binding
and no agreement providing for any Proposed Transaction or any other transaction or the participation by either party therein will be
deemed to exist unless and until definitive agreements have been executed. 

Pursuant to the IPO prospectus dated July 24,
2023 (Registration No. 333-269659) filed by KVAC for the IPO, the Company is entitled to an automatic six-month extension to complete
a business combination (the Automatic Extension Period after the execution of the LOI and has 15 months from the closing
of its IPO to complete its initial business combination period. 

On September 3, 2024, the Company has entered
into merger agreement Merger Agreement with Medera Inc. Medera ). The Company will incorporate a Cayman
Islands exempted company Acquirer to be a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of the merger
of Company with and into the Acquirer (the Reincorporation Merger ), in which Acquirer will be the surviving entity. Acquirer
upon its incorporation will form a Cayman Islands exempted company to be a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquirer Merger Sub for the purpose of effectuating the Acquisition Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, (a) The
Company will reincorporate by merging with and into the Acquirer, in which the Acquirer will be the surviving company and the Company
will cease to exist, and (b) promptly after the Reincorporation Merger, the parties intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub with and into
Medera, in which Medera will be the surviving entity (the Acquisition Merger , together with the Reincorporation Merger,
the Mergers and together with the other transactions related thereto, the Proposed Business Combination ). 

At the effective time of the Acquisition Merger,
each outstanding Medera Ordinary Share (excluding treasury shares and dissenting shares) will be cancelled and converted into the right
to receive a number of Acquirer Ordinary Shares equal to the Exchange Ratio, as outlined in the Merger Agreement. The number of Acquirer
Ordinary Shares to be delivered by Acquirer to shareholders of Medera at the Closing is based on a net value of 622,560,000 for 100 
of Medera s issued and outstanding ordinary shares, with each Acquirer Ordinary Share valued at 10.00. 

On October 28, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000 to the KVC Sponsor LLC in exchange for KVC Sponsor LLC depositing such amount
into the Company s Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available time to complete a business combination until November
27, 2024. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon the closing of a business combination by the Company. In addition, the Note
may be converted by the holder into units of the Company identical to the units issued in the Company s initial public offering
at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

Results of Operations 

All activity from inception up to September 30,
2024 related to our formation and the Initial Public Offering. Since the Initial Public Offering, our activity has been limited to the
evaluation of Business Combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of
our initial Business Combination. We incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well due diligence expenses in connection with our searches for business combination targets. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 6,600,651, which comprised of general and administrative expenses and interest income. The increase in expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to operating expense of the Company. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net loss of 310,566, which comprised of general and administrative expenses and interest income. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 1,559,923, which comprised of general and administrative expenses and interest income. The increase in expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to operating expense of the Company. 

20 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net loss of 305,689, which comprised of general and administrative expenses and interest income. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 40,504.
Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the
Sponsor, loans provided by the Sponsor under a certain unsecured promissory note and advances from the Sponsor. 

On July 27, 2023, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 14,950,000 Units, including 1,950,000 Units upon the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Each
Unit consists of one ordinary share and one warrant. Each Warrant entitling its holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of US 11.50
per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of US 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of US 149,500,000. 

As of July 27, 2023, a total of US 151,368,750
of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the private placement consummated simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering were deposited in the Trust Account established for the benefit of our public shareholders. 

We intend to use substantially all of the net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business or businesses and
to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our
Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account, as well as any other net proceeds not expended, will be used as
working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including
continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development
of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred
prior to the completion of our Business Combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover
such expenses. 

We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust
Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional
financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could
include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead
expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern if a Business Combination is not consummated November
27, 2024 (unless further extended). These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, which would have been established for the purpose of
facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special
purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into on July 24, 2023, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units (including securities contained therein), and units
(including securities contained therein) that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans or extension loans and are entitled
to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of this offering requiring the Company
to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form
demands, that the Company s register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company completion of initial business combination and rights to
require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

21 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters are entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 2 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 2,990,000, upon the closing of the Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified
any significant critical accounting estimates. We have identified the following significant accounting policies: 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our ordinary shares subject to
possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified
as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders 
equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events and considered
to be outside of our control. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 14,950,000 and 14,950,000 ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the our unaudited condensed
consolidated balance sheets. 

Warrant accounting 

We account for warrants as either equity-classified
or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance
in FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The assessment
considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant
to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants
are indexed to our own ordinary shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in
a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires
the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while
the warrants are outstanding. 

For issued or modified warrants that meet all
of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time of issuance.
For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded
as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair
value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The warrants issued upon the Initial Public Offering
and private placements meet the criteria for equity classification under ASC 480. 

Net income (loss) per share 

The Company calculates net income (loss) per share
in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share . In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to
both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the
redeemable ordinary shares and non-redeemable ordinary shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net income
(loss) less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number
of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to the redemption
value of the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public stockholders. Accretion
associated with the redeemable shares of ordinary share is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair
value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public
Offering and private warrants to purchase an aggregate of 15,628,575 and 15,628,575 shares, respectively, in the calculation
of diluted net income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the
inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive and the Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that
could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted
income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. 

22 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting
company and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have
concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

23 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

On July 27, 2023, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 14,950,000 Units (including 1,950,000 over-allotment units), each Unit consisting of one ordinary share and one redeemable
warrant, for 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 149,500,000. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share
of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. 

The securities in the Initial Public Offering,
including the exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option, were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement
on Form S-1 (No. 333-269659). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on July 24, 2023. 

On July 27, 2023, simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we sold an aggregate of 678,575 Private Units in a private placement with the Sponsor, at a price of 10.00
per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 6,785,750. The Private Units are identical to the units sold in the Initial Public Offering,
except as otherwise disclosed in the registration statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. 

A total of 151,368,750 of the net proceeds from
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Units on July 27, 2023, were deposited in
a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations of this Quarterly Report. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

24 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1+ 
 
 Merger Agreement dated September 3, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Keen Vision s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 5, 2024) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Joinder agreement to the Merger Agreement dated September 16, 2024 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

+ Previously filed and incorporated by reference 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

KEEN VISION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Date: November 1, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Name: 
 WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 1, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ DAVIDKHANIAN, Alex 

Name: 
 DAVIDKHANIAN, Alex 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting and Financial 
Officer) 

26 

<EX-2.2>
 2
 ea021893201ex2-2_keenvision.htm
 JOINDER AGREEMENT TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 16, 2024

Exhibit 2.2 

JOINDER AGREEMENT 

This JOINDER AGREEMENT,
made and entered into as of September 16, 2024 (this Joinder Agreement ), by and among Keen Vision Acquisition Corporation,
a British Virgin Islands business company Parent ), Medera Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company ),
KVAC (Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent Acquirer and
KVAC MS (Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of Acquirer Merger Sub ).
Reference is made to that certain Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), dated as of September 3, 2024, entered
into by and between Parent and the Company. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to
such terms in the Merger Agreement. 

WHEREAS, Acquirer
was formed on August 28, 2024 for the sole purpose of the merger of Parent with and into Acquirer, in which Acquirer will be the surviving
entity; 

WHEREAS, Merger
Sub was formed on July 10, 2024 for the sole purpose of merging with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving entity
and becoming a wholly- owned subsidiary of Acquirer; 

WHEREAS, pursuant
to Section 7.6 of the Merger Agreement, Acquirer and Merger Sub are required to execute and deliver this Joinder Agreement; 

WHEREAS, the parties
hereto desire to execute this Joinder Agreement pursuant to which each of Acquirer and Merger Sub shall become party to the Merger Agreement;
and 

WHEREAS, the
parties hereto desire to modify solely those provisions of the Merger Agreement as expressly set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Joinder Agreement hereby agree as follows: 

1. Agreement
to be Bound . Each of Acquirer and Merger Sub hereby agrees that upon execution of this Joinder Agreement, it shall become a party
to the Merger Agreement and shall be fully bound by, and subject to, all of the covenants, terms, representations, warranties, rights,
obligations and conditions of the Merger Agreement as though an original party thereto. Each of Parent and the Company consent to such
joinder and the resulting amendment to the Merger Agreement. 

2. Successors
and Assigns . This Joinder Agreement shall be binding upon, enforceable by and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors and assigns. 

3. Entire
Agreement . This Joinder Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
and, except as expressly provided in this Joinder Agreement or the Merger Agreement, supersedes all prior negotiations, representations
or agreements, either oral or written, with respect to such subject matter. 

4. Counterparts .
This Joinder Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same agreement. This Joinder Agreement may be executed and delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission. 

5. Governing
Law . This Joinder Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Joinder Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed wholly within such
State (including in respect of the statute of limitations or other limitations period applicable hereto), and without regard to the conflicts
of laws principles thereof. Any dispute relating to this Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with the Dispute Resolution provisions
set forth in Section 12.8 of the Merger Agreement. 

6. Headings .
The headings contained in this Joinder Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any
provision hereof. 

[ signature pages follow ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto
have caused this Joinder Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above. 

PARENT: 

Keen
 Vision Acquisition Corporation, a British 

Virgin
 Islands business company 

By: 
 /s/
 WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Name: 
 WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

COMPANY: 

Medera
 Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company 

By: 
 /s/
 Ronald Li 

Name: 
 Ronald Li 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

ACQUIRER: 

KVAC
 (Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company 

By: 
 /s/
 WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Name: 
 WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Title: 
 Director 

MERGER
 SUB: 

KVAC
 MS (Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company 

By: 
 /s/
 WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Name: 
 WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Title: 
 Director 

</EX-2.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea021893201ex31-1_keenvision.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, WONG, Kenneth K.C., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Keen Vision Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2024 

/s/ WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Director and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea021893201ex31-2_keenvision.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, DAVIDKHANIAN, Alex, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Keen Vision Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2024 

/s/ DAVIDKHANIAN, Alex 

DAVIDKHANIAN, Alex 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea021893201ex32-1_keenvision.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Keen
Vision Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, WONG, Kenneth K.C., Chief Executive Officer and director of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 1, 2024 

/s/ WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

WONG, Kenneth K.C. 

Director and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea021893201ex32-2_keenvision.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Keen
Vision Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, DAVIDKHANIAN, Alex, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 1, 2024 

/s/ DAVIDKHANIAN, Alex 

DAVIDKHANIAN, Alex 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kvac-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kvac-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kvac-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kvac-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kvac-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

