<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1474098_0001474098-24-000135.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7445743</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112416</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1300242</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2481330</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1829526</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1592293</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001474098-24-000135.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161837
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001474098-24-000135
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pebblebrook Hotel Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001474098
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				271055421
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34571
		FILM NUMBER:		241436095

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4747 BETHESDA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-507-1300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4747 BETHESDA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001474098-24-000135.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 peb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

peb-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at November 1, 2024 
 Common shares of beneficial interest 0.01 par value per share) 

Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (unaudited) - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (unaudited) - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) - Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 9 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 32 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 32 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 33 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 33 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 33 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 33 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 33 
 Item 5. Other Information. 34 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 35 
 
 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per-share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Investment in hotel properties, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Hotel receivables (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively) 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Debt Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Lease liabilities - operating leases Deferred revenues Accrued interest Distribution payable Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) par value (liquidation preference at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023), shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common shares of beneficial interest, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Distributions in excess of retained earnings ) ) Total shareholders equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands, except share and per-share data) 
 (Unaudited) For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Room Food and beverage Other operating Total revenues Expenses: Hotel operating expenses: Room Food and beverage Other direct and indirect Total hotel operating expenses Depreciation and amortization Real estate taxes, personal property taxes, property insurance, and ground rent General and administrative Impairment Gain on sale of hotel properties ) Business interruption insurance income ) ) ) ) Other operating expenses Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Net income (loss) attributable to the Company ) ) Distributions to preferred shareholders ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) ) Net income (loss) per share available to common shareholders, basic ) ) Net income (loss) per share available to common shareholders, diluted ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares, basic Weighted-average number of common shares, diluted 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income - Continued 
 (in thousands, except share and per-share data) 
 (Unaudited) For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Comprehensive Income: Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of derivative instruments ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the Company ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 Preferred Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Total Shareholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Distributions on common shares/units ) ) ) ) Distributions on preferred shares/units ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of derivative instruments ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income ) ) ) Net income (loss) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Preferred Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Total Shareholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) Share-based compensation Distributions on common shares/units ) ) ) ) Distributions on preferred shares/units ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of derivative instruments Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity - Continued 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Preferred Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Total Shareholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) Issuance of common shares for Board of Trustees compensation Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Distributions on common shares/units ) ) ) ) Distributions on preferred shares/units ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of derivative instruments ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income ) ) ) Net income (loss) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Preferred Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Total Shareholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Issuance of common shares for Board of Trustees compensation Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Distributions on common shares/units ) ) ) ) Distributions on preferred shares/units ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of derivative instruments Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Benefit for deferred income taxes ) Share-based compensation Amortization of deferred financing costs, non-cash interest and other amortization Gain on sale of hotel properties ) Impairment Non-cash ground rent Other adjustments ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Hotel receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenues Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities: Improvements and additions to hotel properties ) ) Proceeds from sales of hotel properties Property insurance proceeds Other investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities: Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Proceeds from debt Repayments of debt ) ) Repurchases of common shares ) ) Distributions common shares/units ) ) Distributions preferred shares/units ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 8 

PEBBLEBROOK HOTEL TRUST 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 hotels with a total of gue st rooms . The hotel properties are located in: Boston, Massachusetts; Chicago, Illinois; Hollywood, Florida; Jekyll Island, Georgia; Key West, Florida; Los Angeles, California (Beverly Hills, Santa Monica, and West Hollywood); Naples, Florida; Newport, Rhode Island; Portland, Oregon; San Diego, California; San Francisco, California; Santa Cruz, California; Stevenson, Washington; and Washington, D.C. 
 of the common limited partnership units issued by the Operating Partnership ("common units"). The remaining of the common units are owned by the other limited partners of the Operating Partnership. For the Company to maintain its qualification as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), it cannot operate the hotels it owns. Therefore, the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries lease the hotel properties to subsidiaries of Pebblebrook Hotel Lessee, Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries, "PHL"), a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"), which in turn engage third-party eligible independent contractors to manage the hotels. PHL is consolidated into the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Note 2. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 acquisitions of hotel properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 dispositions of hotel properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Retail at The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago 
 Chicago, IL March 17, 2023 Hotel Colonnade Coral Gables Coral Gables, FL March 28, 2023 Hotel Monaco Seattle Seattle, WA May 9, 2023 Hotel Vintage Seattle Seattle, WA May 24, 2023 Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco, CA November 14, 2023 Marina City Retail at Hotel Chicago Downtown, Autograph Collection 
 Chicago, IL December 21, 2023 2023 Total 

million and ) million, respectively, excluding impairment loss and gain on sale of hotel properties related to the hotel properties sold or held for sale. There was impact for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The sales of the hotel properties described above did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results, and therefore, did not qualify as discontinued operations. 
 
 Note 4. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Finance lease asset Construction in progress Right-of-use asset, operating leases Investment in hotel properties Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investment in hotel properties, net 
 Hurricane Ian 
 On September 27, 2022, LaPlaya Beach Resort Club ("LaPlaya") located in Naples, Florida, was impacted by the effects of Hurricane Ian. LaPlaya was closed in anticipation of the storm and required remediation and repairs from the damage and remained closed. In 2023, LaPlaya began reopening in stages as its buildings and facilities were repaired and repairs were substantially complete in the first quarter of 2024. The Company s insurance policies provide coverage for property damage, business interruption and other costs that were incurred relating to damages sustained during Hurricane Ian. The Company has an insurance receivable for amounts it anticipates to collect from the insurance providers in excess of the applicable deductibles. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, of costs related to payroll, repair and claims administration for which reimbursement from insurance policies is uncertain and therefore is included in other operating expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Through September 30, 2024, the Company received a total of million in preliminary advances from the insurance providers. The Company continues to work with the insurance providers on the settlement of the property and business interruption claims. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 of its guestroom buildings, Gulf Tower and Bay Tower, reopened and were operational. However, the Beach House was closed for repairs, with initial assessments indicating the primary impact was to the ground floor. The Company s insurance policies provide coverage for property damage, business interruption and other costs that were incurred relating to damages sustained during Hurricane Helene in excess of the applicable deductibles. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a loss of million for damage to LaPlaya, which is included in impairment on the Company s consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. The Company recorded an insurance receivable for the remediation costs incurred and the estimate of the book value of the property and equipment written off in excess of the applicable deductibles. The Company is continuing to evaluate the financial impact of Hurricane Helene and its ability to recover, through insurance policies, any loss due to business interruption or damage to the hotel property. 
 Impairment 
 The Company reviews its investment in hotel properties for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate potential impairment. The Company periodically adjusts its estimate of future operating cash flows and estimated hold periods for certain properties. As a result of this review, the Company may identify an impairment trigger has occurred and assess its investment in hotel properties for recoverability. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, impairment losses were incurred. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized an impairment loss of million related to hotels as a result of their fair values being lower than their carrying values. 
 Right-of-use Assets and Lease Liabilities 
 The Company recognized right-of-use assets and related liabilities related to its ground leases, all of which are operating leases. When the rate implicit in the lease could not be determined, the Company used incremental borrowing rates, which ranged from to . In addition, the term used includes any options to exercise extensions when it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise such option. See Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information about the ground leases. 
 The right-of-use assets and liabilities are amortized to ground rent expense over the term of the underlying lease agreements. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's lease liabilities consisted of operating lease liabilities of million and financing lease liabilities of million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company's lease liabilities consisted of operating lease liabilities of million and financing lease liabilities of million. The financing lease liabilities are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Company's accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 5. 
 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility and million unsecured term loan facilities totaling billion. The Company may request additional lender commitments to increase the aggregate borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement up to an additional million. 
 On January 3, 2024, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Credit Agreement which extended the maturity date of million borrowed under Term Loan 2024 to January 2028. This extended indebtedness is referred to as Term Loan 2028. In connection with the extension, the Company also repaid million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2024 with available cash. The remaining million of Term Loan 2024's balance remained outstanding. On January 3, 2024, the Company also repaid million of its outstanding Term Loan 2025 obligation with available cash. 
 On October 3, 2024, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due October 15, 2029. The net proceeds were approximately million after deducting discounts and offering expenses paid by the Company, of which million was used to repay all million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2024, million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2025 and million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2027. 
 On November 1, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement which extended the maturity date of million borrowed under Term Loan 2025 to January 2029. The Company also extended the maturity date of million of its senior unsecured revolving credit facility from October 2026 to October 2028, with the option to extend the new maturity date for periods. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 (1)(2) 
 October 2026 PHL unsecured credit facility (1) 
 October 2026 Total revolving credit facilities Unsecured term loans Term Loan 2024 (1)(4) 
 October 2024 Term Loan 2025 (1) 
 October 2025 Term Loan 2027 (1) 
 October 2027 Term Loan 2028 (1) 
 January 2028 Term loan principal Convertible senior notes principal December 2026 Senior unsecured notes principal December 2025 Mortgage loans Margaritaville Hollywood Beach Resort (3) 
 September 2026 Estancia La Jolla Hotel Spa September 2028 Mortgage loans principal Total debt principal Unamortized debt premiums, discount and deferred financing costs, net ) ) Debt, net 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Borrowings bear interest at floating rates. Interest rate at September 30, 2024 gives effect to interest rate hedges. 
 (2) The Company has the option to extend the maturity date for up to periods, pursuant to certain terms and conditions and payment of an extension fee. 
 (3) This loan bears interest at a floating rate equal to daily SOFR plus a spread of . The interest rate at September 30, 2024 gives effect to an interest rate swap. The Company has the option to extend the maturity date for up to periods, pursuant to certain terms and conditions and payment of an extension fee. 
 (4) Term Loan 2024 was repaid in October 2024 from proceeds of the senior notes offering. 
 Unsecured Revolving Credit Facilities 
 The million senior unsecured revolving credit facility provided for in the Credit Agreement matures in October 2026 and provides for extension options, subject to certain terms and conditions and payment of an extension fee. All borrowings under the senior unsecured revolving credit facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the option of the Company, (i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus (the SOFR Adjustment plus a margin that is based upon the Company s leverage ratio or (ii) the Base Rate (as defined by the Credit Agreement) plus a margin that is based on the Company s leverage ratio. The margins for revolving credit facility loans range in amount from to for SOFR-based loans and to for Base Rate-based loans, depending on the Company s leverage ratio. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding borrowings, million of outstanding letters of credit and a borrowing capacity of million remaining on the senior unsecured revolving credit facility. The Company is required to pay an unused commitment fee at an annual rate of or of the unused portion of the senior unsecured revolving credit facility, depending on the amount of borrowings outstanding. The credit agreement contains certain financial covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum percentage of secured debt to total asset value. 
 Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, one or more standby letters of credit, up to a maximum aggregate outstanding balance of million, may be issued on behalf of the Company by the lenders under the senior unsecured revolving facility. The Company pays a fee for outstanding standby letters of credit at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin based upon the Company's leverage ratio. Any outstanding standby letters of credit reduce the available borrowings on the senior unsecured revolving credit facility by a corresponding amount. Standby letters of credit of million and million were outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the "PHL Credit Facility") to be used for PHL's working capital and general corporate purposes. On October 13, 2022, PHL amended and restated the agreement governing the PHL Credit Facility to extend the maturity to October 2026. The PHL Credit Facility has substantially similar terms as the Company's senior unsecured revolving credit facility. Borrowings on the PHL Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the option of the Company, (i) SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment plus a margin that is based upon the Company s leverage ratio or (ii) the Base Rate (as defined by the Credit Agreement) plus a margin that is based on the Company s leverage ratio. The PHL Credit Facility is subject to debt covenants substantially similar to the covenants under the Credit Agreement, which governs the Company's senior unsecured revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowings under the PHL Credit Facility and had million borrowing capacity remaining available under the PHL Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants of the credit agreements that govern the unsecured revolving credit facilities. 
 Unsecured Term Loan Facilities 
 The term loan facilities provided for in the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the option of the Company, (i) SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment plus a margin that is based upon the Company s leverage ratio or (ii) the Base Rate (as defined by the Credit Agreement) plus a margin that is based on the Company s leverage ratio. The margins for term loans range in amount from to for SOFR-based loans and to for Base Rate-based loans, depending on the Company's leverage ratio. The term loans are subject to the debt covenants in the Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants of its term loans. 
 The Company entered into interest rate swap agreements to fix the SOFR rate on a portion of these unsecured term loan facilities. See Derivative and Hedging Activities for further discussion on the interest rate swaps. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In December 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due December 2026 (the "Convertible Notes"). The net proceeds from the offering of the Convertible Notes were approximately million after deducting the underwriting fees and other expenses paid by the Company. 
 In February 2021, the Company issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes. These additional Convertible Notes were sold at a premium to par and generated net proceeds of approximately million after deducting the underwriting fees and other expenses paid by the Company of million, which was offset by a premium received in the amount of million. 
 The Convertible Notes are governed by an indenture (the Base Indenture between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15th and December 15th of each year, beginning on June 15, 2021. The Convertible Notes will mature on December 15, 2026. 
 Prior to June 15, 2026, the Convertible Notes will be convertible upon certain circumstances. On and after June 15, 2026, holders may convert any of their Convertible Notes into the Company s common shares of beneficial interest common shares at the applicable conversion rate at any time at their election prior to the maturity date. The initial conversion rate is 39.2549 common shares per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the if-converted value of the Convertible Notes did not exceed the principal amount. 
 The Company may redeem for cash all or a portion of the Convertible Notes, at its option, after December 20, 2023, upon certain circumstances. The redemption price will be equal to of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. If certain make-whole fundamental changes occur, the conversion rate for the Convertible Notes may be increased. 
 In connection with the Convertible Notes issuances, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions with certain of the underwriters of the offerings of the Convertible Notes or their respective affiliates and other financial institutions. The Capped Call Transactions initially cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the Convertible Notes, the number of common shares underlying the Convertible Notes. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to holders of common shares upon conversion of the Convertible Notes and/or offset the potential cash payments that the Company could be required to make in excess of the principal amount of any converted Convertible Notes upon conversion thereof, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. The upper strike price of the Capped Call Transactions is per share. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million of senior unsecured notes outstanding bearing a fixed interest rate of per annum maturing in December 2025. The debt covenants of these notes are substantially similar to those of the Company's senior unsecured revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all such debt covenants. 
 Mortgage Loans 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company assumed a million loan secured by a first-lien mortgage on the leasehold interest of Estancia La Jolla Hotel Spa ("Estancia"). The loan requires both principal and interest monthly payments based on a fixed interest rate of . The loan matures on September 1, 2028. 
 On September 7, 2023, the Company entered into a million first-lien mortgage on the leasehold interest of Margaritaville Hollywood Beach Resort ("Margaritaville"), which requires interest-only payments based on a floating rate equal to daily SOFR plus a spread of . This loan matures on September 7, 2026 and may be extended for up to periods, subject to certain terms and conditions and payment of an extension fee. 
 The Company's mortgage loans associated with Margaritaville and Estancia are non-recourse to the Company except for customary carve-outs to the general non-recourse liability. The loans contain customary provisions regarding events of default, as well as customary cash management, cash trap and lockbox provisions. Cash trap provisions are triggered if the hotel's performance is below a certain threshold. Once triggered, all of the cash flow generated by the hotel is deposited directly into lockbox accounts and then swept into cash management accounts for the benefit of the lender. These properties are not in a cash trap and no event of default has occurred under the loan documents. 
 Interest Expense 
 Unsecured term loan facilities Convertible senior notes Senior unsecured notes Mortgage debt Amortization of deferred financing fees, (premiums) and discounts Other ) Total interest expense 
 Fair Value 
 million and million, respectively. The fair value of the Company's variable rate debt approximates its carrying value . 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 January 2024 Swap-cash flow - 
 October 2025 Swap-cash flow - 
 February 2026 Swap-cash flow - 
 October 2026 Swap-cash flow 
 October 2027 Total 
 The Company records all derivative instruments at fair value in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Fair values of interest rate swaps and caps are determined using the standard market methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts/payments and the discounted expected variable cash payments/receipts. Variable interest rates used in the calculation of projected receipts and payments on the swaps are based on an expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves (Overnight Index Swap curves) and volatilities (Level 2 inputs). Derivatives expose the Company to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties under the terms of the interest rate hedge agreements. The Company incorporates these counterparty credit risks in its fair value measurements. The Company believes it minimizes the credit risk by transacting with major creditworthy financial institutions. 
 million and its interest rate swap liabilities were immaterial. Interest rate swap assets are included in prepaid expenses and other assets and interest rate swap liabilities are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company expects approximately million will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense within the next 12 months. 
 
 Note 6. 
 
 Boston, MA Southern Florida/Georgia Los Angeles, CA San Francisco, CA Portland, OR Chicago, IL Washington, D.C. Seattle, WA Other (1) 
 Total Revenues 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Other includes: Newport, RI and Santa Cruz, CA . 
 Payments from customers are primarily made when services are provided. Due to the short-term nature of the Company's contracts and the almost simultaneous receipt of payment, almost all of the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period is expected to be recognized as revenue over the following 12 months. 
 
 Note 7. 
 common shares. Each outstanding common share entitles the holder to vote on each matter submitted to a vote of shareholders. Holders of common shares are entitled to receive dividends when authorized by the Board of Trustees. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million of common shares. Under this program, the Company could repurchase common shares from time to time in transactions on the open market or by private agreement. As of June 30, 2023, common shares remained available for repurchase under this program. 
 On February 17, 2023, the Company's Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program of up to million of common shares. Under this program, the Company may repurchase common shares from time to time in transactions on the open market or by private agreement. The Company may suspend or discontinue this program at any time. Common shares repurchased by the Company cease to be outstanding and become authorized but unissued common shares. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased common shares for an aggregate purchase price of million, or an average of approximately per share. As of September 30, 2024, million of common shares remained available for repurchase under this program. 
 Common Dividends 
 March 31, 2024 March 29, 2024 April 15, 2024 June 30, 2024 June 28, 2024 July 15, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 October 15, 2024 
 Preferred Shares 
 The Company is authorized to issue up to preferred shares of beneficial interest, par value per share preferred shares ). 
 Series E 
 Series F 
 Series G 
 Series H 
 
 The Series E, Series F, Series G and Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (collectively, the Preferred Shares rank senior to the common shares and on parity with each other with respect to payment of distributions. The Preferred Shares do not have any maturity date and are not subject to mandatory redemption. The Company may redeem the Series E and Series F Preferred Shares at any time. The Series G and Series H Preferred Shares may not be redeemed prior to May 13, 2026 and July 27, 2026, respectively, except in limited circumstances relating to the Company s continuing qualification as a REIT or as discussed below. On or after such dates, the Company may, at its option, redeem the Preferred Shares, in each case in whole or from time to time in part, by payment of per share, plus any accumulated, accrued and unpaid distributions through the date of redemption. Upon the occurrence of a change of control, as defined in the Company's declaration of trust, the result of which the common shares and the common securities of the acquiring or surviving entity are not listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or Nasdaq, or any successor exchanges, the Company may, at its option, redeem the Preferred Shares in whole or in part within days following the change of control by paying per share, plus any accrued and unpaid distributions through the date of redemption. If the Company does not exercise its right to redeem the Preferred Shares upon a change of control, the holders of the Preferred Shares have the right to convert some or all of their shares into a number of common shares based on defined formulas subject to share caps. The share cap on each Series E Preferred Share is common shares, on each Series F Preferred Share is common shares, on each Series G Preferred Share is common shares, and on each Series H Preferred Share is common shares. 
 Preferred Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 17, 2023, the Company's Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program of up to million of the Preferred Shares. Under the terms of the program, the Company may repurchase up to an aggregate of million of our Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares from time to time in transactions on the open market or by private agreement. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Preferred Shares were repurchased under this program. As of September 30, 2024, million of Preferred Shares remained available for repurchase under this program. 
 The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price, liquidity and economic considerations, and market conditions. The program does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of Preferred Shares. The program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 Preferred Dividends 
 Series E 
 March 31, 2024 March 29, 2024 April 15, 2024 Series E 
 June 30, 2024 June 28, 2024 July 15, 2024 Series E 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 October 15, 2024 Series F 
 March 31, 2024 March 29, 2024 April 15, 2024 Series F 
 June 30, 2024 June 28, 2024 July 15, 2024 Series F 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 October 15, 2024 Series G 
 March 31, 2024 March 29, 2024 April 15, 2024 Series G 
 June 30, 2024 June 28, 2024 July 15, 2024 Series G 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 October 15, 2024 Series H 
 March 31, 2024 March 29, 2024 April 15, 2024 Series H 
 June 30, 2024 June 28, 2024 July 15, 2024 Series H 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 October 15, 2024 
 Non-controlling Interest of Common Units in Operating Partnership 
 Holders of Operating Partnership units ("OP units") have certain redemption rights that enable OP unit holders to cause the Operating Partnership to redeem their units in exchange for, at the Company s option, cash per unit equal to the market price of common shares at the time of redemption or common shares on a -for-one basis. The number of shares issuable upon exercise of the redemption rights will be adjusted upon the occurrence of share splits, mergers, consolidations or similar pro-rata share transactions, which otherwise would have the effect of diluting the ownership interests of the Operating Partnership's limited partners or the Company's shareholders. 
 On November 30, 2018, in connection with the merger with LaSalle Hotel Properties ("LaSalle"), the Company issued OP units in the Operating Partnership to third-party limited partners of LaSalle's operating partnership. In December 2023, these OP units were redeemed for common shares on a -for-one basis. 
 On May 11, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Inn on Fifth in Naples, Florida, the Company issued OP units in the Operating Partnership. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Operating Partnership had OP units held by third parties, excluding LTIP units. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership had classes of long-term incentive partnership units ("LTIP units"), LTIP Class A units and LTIP Class B units. All of the outstanding LTIP units are held by officers of the Company. 
 On February 17, 2023, the Board of Trustees granted LTIP Class B units to executive officers. 
 On February 15, 2024, the Board of Trustees granted LTIP Class B units to executive officers. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership had LTIP units outstanding, of which LTIP units have vested. As of December 31, 2023, the Operating Partnership had LTIP units outstanding, of which LTIP units have vested. Only vested LTIP units may be converted to OP units, which in turn can be tendered for redemption as described above. 
 Non-controlling Interest of Preferred Units in Operating Partnership 
 On May 11, 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Inn on Fifth, the Company issued preferred units in the Operating Partnership, designated as Series Z Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units ("Series Z Preferred Units"). The Series Z Preferred Units rank senior to the OP units and on parity with the Operating Partnership's Series E, Series F, Series G and Series H Preferred Units. Holders of Series Z Preferred Units are entitled to receive quarterly distributions at an annual rate of of the liquidation preference value of per share. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 -for-one basis. After the fifth anniversary of their issuance, the Company may redeem the Series Z Preferred Units for cash, common shares having an equivalent value or preferred shares on a -for-one basis. At any time following a change of control of the Company, holders of Series Z Preferred Units may elect to redeem some or all of their units for, at the Company s election, cash or common shares having an equivalent value. 
 Series Z Preferred Units outstanding. 
 
 Note 8. 
 . The Company pays or accrues for dividends on share-based awards. All outstanding share awards are subject to full or partial accelerated vesting upon a change in control and upon death or disability or certain other employment termination events as set forth in the award agreements. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were common shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 Service Condition Share Awards 
 based on continued service or employment. The following table provides a summary of service condition restricted share activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Shares Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested at December 31, 2023 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to these awards in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to these awards in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Performance-Based Equity Awards 
 On February 15, 2024, the Board of Trustees approved a target award of performance-based equity awards to officers and employees of the Company. These awards will vest, if at all, in 2027. The actual number of common shares that ultimately vest will be from to of the target award and will be determined in 2027 based on the performance criteria defined in the award agreements for the period of performance from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to performance-based equity awards in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to performance-based equity awards in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Long-Term Incentive Partnership Units 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership had classes of LTIP units, LTIP Class A units and LTIP Class B units. All of the outstanding LTIP units are held by officers of the Company. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 LTIP Class B units to executive officers. These LTIP units will vest ratably on January 1, 2025, 2026 and 2027, contingent upon continued employment with the Company. The fair value of each award was determined based on the closing price of the Company s common shares on the grant date of per unit with an aggregate grant date fair value of million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership had LTIP units outstanding, of which LTIP units have vested. As of December 31, 2023, the Operating Partnership had LTIP units outstanding, of which LTIP units have vested. Only vested LTIP units may be converted to OP units, which in turn can be tendered for redemption as described in Note 7. Equity . 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, in expense related to these LTIP units. The aggregate expense related to the LTIP unit grants is presented as non-controlling interest in the Company s accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, in expense related to these LTIP units. The aggregate expense related to the LTIP unit grants is presented as non-controlling interest in the Company s accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 9. 
 million is partially offset by current income tax expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 The Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by federal, state and local jurisdictions, where applicable. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the statute of limitations remains open for all major jurisdictions for tax years dating back to 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10. 
 ) ) Less: Dividends paid on unvested share-based compensation ) ) ) ) Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to share-based compensation ) ) Net income (loss) available to common shareholders basic ) ) Plus: Interest expense on convertible notes Net income (loss) available to common shareholders diluted ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average number of common shares basic Effect of dilutive share-based compensation Effect of dilutive convertible notes Weighted-average number of common shares diluted Net income (loss) per share available to common shareholders basic ) ) Net income (loss) per share available to common shareholders diluted ) ) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and , respectively, unvested service condition restricted shares and performance-based equity awards were excluded from diluted weighted-average number of common shares, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, unvested service condition restricted shares and performance-based equity awards were excluded from diluted weighted-average number of common shares, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, common shares underlying the Convertible Notes were excluded from diluted shares as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, common shares underlying the Convertible Notes were excluded from diluted shares as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

Note 11. 
 years, not including renewals, and up to years, including renewals. The majority of the Company s management agreements are terminable at will by the Company upon paying a termination fee and some are terminable by the Company upon sale of the property, with, in some cases, the payment of termination fees. Most of the agreements also provide the Company the ability to terminate based on failure to achieve defined operating performance thresholds. Termination fees range from to up to times the annual base management and incentive management fees, depending on the agreement and the reason for termination. Certain of the Company s management agreements are non-terminable except upon the manager s breach of a material representation or the manager s failure to meet performance thresholds as defined in the management agreement. 
 The management agreements require the payment of a base management fee generally between and of hotel revenues. Under certain management agreements, the management companies are also eligible to receive an incentive management fee if hotel operating income, cash flows or other performance measures, as defined in the agreements, exceed certain performance thresholds. The incentive management fee is generally calculated as a percentage of hotel operating income after the Company has received a priority return on its investment in the hotel. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, combined base and incentive management fees were million and million, respectively. Base and incentive management fees are included in other direct and indirect expenses in the Company's accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Reserve Funds 
 Certain of the Company s agreements with its hotel managers, franchisors, ground lessors and lenders have provisions for the Company to provide funds, typically of hotel revenues, sufficient to cover the cost of (a) certain non-routine repairs and maintenance to the hotels and (b) replacements and renewals to the hotels furniture, fixtures and equipment. 
 Restricted Cash 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in restricted cash, which consisted of funds held in cash management accounts held by a lender, reserves for replacement of furniture and fixtures, and reserves to pay for real estate taxes, ground rent or property insurance under certain hotel management agreements or loan agreements. 
 Hotel, Ground and Finance Leases 
 -year extension option. 
 (2) No payments are required through maturity. 
 (3) The expiration date assumes the exercise of all extension options. 
 extension option. 
 The Company's leases may require minimum fixed rent payments, percentage rent payments based on a percentage of revenues in excess of certain thresholds or rent payments equal to the greater of a minimum fixed rent or percentage rent. Minimum fixed rent may be adjusted annually by increases in the consumer price index and may be subject to minimum and maximum increases. Some leases also contain certain restrictions on modifications that can be made to the hotel structures due to their status as national historic landmarks. 
 The Company records expense on a straight-line basis for leases that provide for minimum rental payments that increase in pre-established amounts over the remaining terms of the leases. Ground rent expense is included in real estate taxes, personal property taxes, property insurance and ground rent in the Company's accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Variable ground rent Total ground rent 
 Litigation 
 The nature of the operations of hotels exposes the Company's hotels, the Company and the Operating Partnership to the risk of claims and litigation in the normal course of their business. The Company has insurance to cover certain potential material losses. The Company is not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to the Company s knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against the Company. 
 
 Note 12. 
 Interest capitalized Income taxes paid (refunded) ) Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Distributions payable on common shares/units Distributions payable on preferred shares/units Issuance of common shares for Board of Trustees compensation Accrued additions and improvements to hotel properties Write-off of fully amortized deferred financing costs 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. Pebblebrook Hotel Trust is a Maryland real estate investment trust that conducts its operations so as to qualify as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Substantially all of the operations are conducted through Pebblebrook Hotel, L.P. (our "Operating Partnership"), a Delaware limited partnership of which Pebblebrook Hotel Trust is the sole general partner. In this report, we use the terms "the Company", "we" or "our" to refer to Pebblebrook Hotel Trust and its subsidiaries and "hotels" and "hotel properties" to refer to hotels and resorts, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by us, contains certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words "may", "will", "should", "potential", "could", "seek", "assume", "forecast", "believe", "expect", "intend", "anticipate", "estimate", "project" or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements in this report include, among others, statements about our business strategy, including acquisition and disposition strategies, industry trends, estimated revenues and expenses, estimated costs and durations of renovation or restoration projects, timing and extent of debt refinancings, estimated insurance recoveries, our ability to realize deferred tax assets and expected liquidity needs and sources (including capital expenditures and our ability to obtain financing or raise capital). You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect actual results, performance or achievements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 world events impacting the ability or desire of people to travel may lead to a decline in demand for hotels; 
 risks associated with the hotel industry, including competition, changes in visa and other travel policies by the U.S. government making it less convenient, more difficult or less desirable for international travelers to enter the U.S., increases in employment costs, energy costs and other operating costs, or decreases in demand caused by events beyond our control, including, without limitation, actual or threatened terrorist attacks, natural disasters, cyber attacks, any type of flu or disease-related pandemic, or downturns in general and local economic conditions; 
 the availability and terms of financing and capital and the general volatility of securities markets; 
 our dependence on third-party managers of our hotels, including our inability to implement strategic business decisions directly; 
 risks associated with the U.S. and global economies, the cyclical nature of hotel properties and the real estate industry, including environmental contamination and costs of complying with new or existing laws, including the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar laws; 
 interest rate increases; 
 our possible failure to qualify as a REIT under the Code and the risk of changes in laws affecting REITs; 
 the timing and availability of potential hotel acquisitions, our ability to identify and complete hotel acquisitions and our ability to complete hotel dispositions in accordance with our business strategy; 
 the possibility of uninsured losses; 
 risks associated with redevelopment and repositioning projects, including delays and cost overruns; and 
 the other factors discussed under Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Accordingly, there is no assurance that our expectations will be realized. Except as otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligations or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein (or elsewhere) to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 Our third-quarter operating results showed continued recovery of business group, transient and leisure demand across our properties. Strong performance in Chicago, San Diego, Boston and Portland drove increased occupancy for our urban hotels. Higher weekday demand from business group and improving weekend leisure travel drove increase occupancy for our resort hotels. We expect continued occupancy growth due to a sustained recovery in demand from both business and leisure travelers, despite concerns regarding the macroeconomic environment and the presidential election. As occupancy recovered we continued to focus on cost controls. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had the following transactions and events: 
 We repurchased 1,127,255 common shares for an aggregate purchase price of 15.0 million, or an average of 13.31 per share, under our existing common share repurchase program. 
 We paid down 110.0 million of our term loans and extended the maturity of 356.7 million borrowed under Term Loan 2024 to January 2028. 
 On September 26, 2024, LaPlaya Beach Resort Club sustained damage as a result of Hurricane Helene, and on October 9, 2024, sustained additional damage as a result of Hurricane Milton. The damage primarily impacted the ground floor of the Beach House, the pool complex and landscaping. The hotel closed following Hurricane Milton to undertake clean-up, repairs and a full assessment of damages. The Bay Tower and Gulf Tower were reopened on November 1, 2024. The Beach House is expected to be largely operational by the end of the first quarter of 2025. Our property and flood insurance proceeds are expected to cover the physical damage and business interruption losses from the hurricanes, net of deductibles. 
 On October 3, 2024, we issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.375 senior notes due October 15, 2029. The net proceeds were approximately 390.0 million after deducting discounts and offering expenses paid by the Company, of which 353.3 million was used to repay all 43.3 million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2024, 210.0 million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2025 and 100.0 million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2027. 
 On November 1, 2024, we extended the maturity date of 185.2 million borrowed under Term Loan 2025 to January 2029. We also extended the maturity date of 602.0 million of our senior unsecured revolving credit facility from October 2026 to October 2028, with the option to extend the new maturity date for two six-month periods. 
 While we do not operate our hotel properties, both our asset management team and our executive management team monitor and work cooperatively with our hotel managers by advising and making recommendations in all aspects of our hotels operations, including property positioning and repositioning, revenue and expense management, operations analysis, physical design, renovation and capital improvements, guest experience and overall strategic direction. Through these efforts, we seek to improve property efficiencies, lower costs, maximize revenues and enhance property operating margins, which we expect will enhance returns to our shareholders. 
 
 Key Indicators of Financial Condition and Operating Performance 
 We measure hotel results of operations and the operating performance of our business by evaluating financial and non-financial metrics such as room revenue per available room ("RevPAR"); total revenue per available room ("Total RevPAR"); average daily rate ("ADR"); occupancy rate ("Occupancy"); funds from operations ("FFO"); earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"); and EBITDA for real estate ("EBITDA re " . We evaluate individual hotel and company-wide performance with comparisons to budgets, prior periods and competing properties. ADR, occupancy and RevPAR may be impacted by macroeconomic factors as well as regional and local economies and events. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further discussion of FFO, EBITDA and EBIDTA re . 
 Hotel Operating Statistics 
 The following table represents the key same-property hotel operating statistics for our hotels for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Same-Property Occupancy 78.5 75.4 72.2 69.6 Same-Property ADR 306.03 312.05 303.78 309.42 Same-Property RevPAR 240.28 235.16 219.30 215.39 Same-Property Total RevPAR 364.36 354.87 334.88 327.81 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the above table of hotel operating statistics includes information from all hotels owned as of September 30, 2024, except for LaPlaya Beach Resort Club due to its closure following Hurricane Ian. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the above table of hotel operating statistics includes information from all hotels owned as of September 30, 2024, except for LaPlaya Beach Resort Club due to its closure following Hurricane Ian and Newport Harbor Island Resort for the first and second quarters only due to its redevelopment. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are measures of our historical or future financial performance that are different from measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We report FFO, EBITDA and EBITDA re , which are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to investors as key measures of our operating performance. 
 We calculate FFO in accordance with standards established by Nareit, formerly known as the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, which defines FFO as net income (calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP), excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization, gains (losses) from sales of real estate, impairments of real estate assets (including impairment of real estate related joint ventures), the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, most industry investors consider presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. By excluding the effect of real estate related depreciation and amortization including our share of the joint venture depreciation and amortization, gains (losses) from sales of real estate and impairments of real estate assets (including impairment of real estate related joint ventures), all of which are based on historical cost accounting and which may be of lesser significance in evaluating current performance, we believe that FFO provides investors a useful financial measure to evaluate our operating performance. 
 The following table reconciles net income (loss) to FFO and FFO available to common share and unit holders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 45,145 (56,484) 49,864 (32,346) Adjustments: Real estate depreciation and amortization 57,466 63,186 171,807 179,341 Gain on sale of hotel properties (30,219) Impairment 1,908 71,416 1,908 71,416 FFO 104,519 78,118 223,579 188,192 Distribution to preferred shareholders and unit holders (11,795) (12,152) (35,386) (36,455) FFO available to common share and unit holders 92,724 65,966 188,193 151,737 
 EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. The white paper issued by Nareit entitled Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate defines EBITDA re as net income or loss (computed in accordance with U.S. GAAP), excluding interest expense, income tax, depreciation and amortization, gains or losses on the disposition of depreciated property (including gains or losses on change of control), impairment write-downs of depreciated property and of investments in unconsolidated affiliates caused by a decrease in value of depreciated property in the affiliate, and after comparable adjustments for our portion of these items related to unconsolidated affiliates. We believe that EBITDA and EBITDA re provide investors useful financial measures to evaluate our operating performance, excluding the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest expense) and our asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization). 
 The following table reconciles net income (loss) to EBITDA and EBITDA re for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 45,145 (56,484) 49,864 (32,346) Adjustments: Interest expense 27,925 31,022 82,285 87,996 Income tax expense (benefit) (25,213) 822 (24,157) 853 Depreciation and amortization 57,546 63,272 172,051 179,598 EBITDA 105,403 38,632 280,043 236,101 Gain on sale of hotel properties (30,219) Impairment 1,908 71,416 1,908 71,416 EBITDA re 
 107,311 110,048 281,951 277,298 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 FFO, EBITDA and EBITDA re do not represent cash generated from operating activities as determined by U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to U.S. GAAP net income (loss), as indications of our financial performance, or to U.S. GAAP cash flow from operating activities, as measures of liquidity. In addition, FFO, EBITDA and EBITDA re are not indicative of funds available to fund cash needs, including the ability to make cash distributions. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 At September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had 46 and 47, respectively, properties and leasehold interests. All properties owned during these periods have been included in our results of operations during the respective periods since their dates of acquisition or through their dates of disposition, as applicable. Based on when a property was acquired or disposed, operating results for certain properties are not comparable for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The properties listed in the table below are hereinafter referred to as "non-comparable properties" for the periods indicated and all other properties are referred to as "comparable properties": 
 Property Location Disposition Date The Heathman Hotel Portland, OR February 22, 2023 Retail at The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago 
 Chicago, IL March 17, 2023 Hotel Colonnade Coral Gables Coral Gables, FL March 28, 2023 Hotel Monaco Seattle Seattle, WA May 9, 2023 Hotel Vintage Seattle Seattle, WA May 24, 2023 
 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues Total revenues increased by 8.7 million primarily due to increases at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club, which was partially closed in 2023 due to Hurricane Ian, at Margaritaville Hotel San Diego Gaslamp Quarter, which was under renovation in 2023 and at The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago. This increase was partially offset by a 4.7 million decrease due to the sales of our non-comparable properties in 2023. 
 Hotel operating expenses Total hotel operating expenses increased by 7.3 million primarily due to increased operations at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club, Margaritaville Hotel San Diego Gaslamp Quarter and The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago, as well as an increase in staffing, wage rates and benefits at our comparable properties due to higher demand levels. This increase was partially offset by a 2.7 million decrease due to the sales of our non-comparable properties in 2023. 
 Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 5.7 million primarily due to Newport Harbor Island Resort's useful life reduction of its furniture, fixtures and equipment in 2023 due to its scheduled renovation in November 2023 as well as the sales of our non-comparable properties in 2023. 
 Real estate taxes, personal property taxes, property insurance and ground rent Real estate taxes, personal property taxes, property insurance and ground rent increased by 2.4 million primarily due to an increase in real estate tax assessments. 
 Impairment We recognized an impairment loss of 1.9 million in 2024 related to damage caused by Hurricane Helene at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club. We recognized an impairment loss of 71.4 million in 2023 related to three hotels. 
 Business interruption insurance income We recognized business interruption insurance income in 2024 and 2023 related to partial settlements with our insurance carriers for lost income at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club. 
 Other operating expenses Other operating expenses decreased by 2.9 million primarily due to a decrease in hurricane related payroll costs and claims administration costs at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club and a decrease in preopening expenses. 
 Interest expense Interest expense decreased by 3.1 million due to pay-downs on our term loans during the first quarter of 2024 and our senior notes during the fourth quarter of 2023. This decrease was partially offset by higher interest rates on our unhedged debt. 
 Income tax (expense) benefit - The income tax benefit in 2024 was a result of the release of 32.8 million valuation allowance offset by current year income tax expense of 7.6 million. 
 Non-controlling interests Non-controlling interests represents the allocation of income or loss of the Operating Partnership to third-party common OP unit holders and to the preferred OP unit holders. 
 
 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenues Total revenues increased by 29.8 million primarily due to an increase at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club, which was partially closed in 2023 due to Hurricane Ian, at Margaritaville Hotel San Diego Gaslamp Quarter and Hilton San Diego Gaslamp Quarter, which were under renovation in 2023, and at The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago. This increase was partially offset by a 22.0 million decrease due to the sales of our our non-comparable properties in 2023. 
 27 

Hotel operating expenses Total hotel operating expenses increased by 10.6 million primarily due to increased operations at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club, Margaritaville Hotel San Diego Gaslamp Quarter, Hilton San Diego Gaslamp Quarter and The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago, as well as an increase in staffing, wage rates and benefits at our comparable properties due to higher demand levels. This increase was partially offset by a 16.6 million decrease due to the sales of our non-comparable properties in 2023 as well as a decrease at Newport Harbor Island Resort due to its closure for redevelopment during the first quarter and part of the second quarter of 2024. 
 Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 7.5 million primarily due to the sales of our non-comparable properties in 2023 and Newport Harbor Island Resort's useful life reduction of its furniture, fixtures and equipment in 2023 due to its scheduled renovation in November 2023. This decrease was partially offset by an increase at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club. 
 Real estate taxes, personal property taxes, property insurance and ground rent Real estate taxes, personal property taxes, property insurance and ground rent increased by 1.3 million primarily due to a 3.7 million increase in property insurance due to higher insurance premiums, partially offset by a 2.1 million decrease in real estate taxes due to lower tax assessments. 
 General and administrative General and administrative expenses increased by 3.2 million primarily due to an increase in employee compensation expense. General and administrative expenses consist of employee compensation costs, legal and professional fees, insurance and other expenses. 
 Impairment We recognized an impairment loss of 1.9 million in 2024 related to damage caused by Hurricane Helene at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club. We recognized an impairment loss of 71.4 million in 2023 related to three hotels. 
 Gain on sale of hotel properties We recognized a gain on sale of 30.2 million related to the sales of The Heathman Hotel, the retail component of The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago, Hotel Colonnade Coral Gables, Hotel Monaco Seattle and Hotel Vintage Seattle in 2023. 
 Business interruption insurance income We recognized business interruption insurance income in 2024 and 2023 related to partial settlements with our insurance carriers for lost income at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club. 
 Other operating expenses Other operating expenses decreased by 5.8 million primarily due to a decrease in hurricane related payroll costs and claims administration costs at LaPlaya Beach Resort Club. 
 Interest expense Interest expense decreased by 5.7 million due to interest being capitalized related to our Newport Harbor Island Resort renovation and due to pay-downs on our term loans during the first quarter of 2024 and our senior notes during the fourth quarter of 2023. This decrease was partially offset by higher interest rates on our unhedged debt. 
 Other Other decreased by 1.2 million due to a decrease in interest income earned on excess cash. 
 Income tax (expense) benefit - The income tax benefit in 2024 was a result of the release of 32.8 million valuation allowance offset by current year income tax expense of 8.7 million. 
 Non-controlling interests Non-controlling interests represents the allocation of income or loss of the Operating Partnership to third-party common OP unit holders and to the preferred OP unit holders. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While we do not believe the reported amounts would be materially different, application of these policies involves the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. All of our significant accounting policies, including certain critical accounting policies, are disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for recently issued accounting pronouncements that may affect us. 
 28 

Table of Content 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by our operations, borrowings under our credit facilities, net proceeds from equity and debt offerings, and net proceeds from property sales. Our primary cash requirements in the short term (i.e., those requiring cash on or before September 30, 2025) will be to fund property lease obligations, interest and current principal on debt, capital improvements, dividends on common and preferred shares, and working capital of our property operations. We believe our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and the amount available on our senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which totaled 780.6 million as of September 30, 2024, along with cash generated from ongoing operations will be sufficient to satisfy our short-term cash requirements. As of September 30, 2024, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must pay dividends to our shareholders of at least 90 of our taxable income. As a result of this requirement, we cannot rely on retained earnings to fund long-term liquidity requirements such as hotel property acquisitions, redevelopments and repayments of long-term debt. As such, we expect to continue to raise capital through equity and debt offerings to fund our growth. 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 Debt 
 Our outstanding debt consisted of floating- and fixed-rate unsecured term loans, convertible senior notes, senior unsecured notes and mortgage loans with varying maturities. Our total debt had an aggregate face value of 2.2 billion as of September 30, 2024, as summarized below: 
 September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Revolving credit facilities Term loans 1,270,000 Convertible senior notes 750,000 Senior unsecured notes 2,400 Mortgage loans 196,120 Total debt at face value 2,218,520 
 For further discussion on the components of our debt, see Note 5. Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 On October 3, 2024, the Operating Partnership issued 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.375 senior notes due October 15, 2029. The net proceeds were approximately 390.0 million after deducting discounts and offering expenses paid by the Company, of which 353.3 million was used to repay all 43.3 million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2024, 210.0 million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2025 and 100.0 million of its borrowings under Term Loan 2027. 
 On November 1, 2024, we entered into the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement which extended the maturity date of 185.2 million borrowed under Term Loan 2025 to January 2029 and extended the maturity date of 602.0 million of the 602.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility from October 2026 to October 2028. 
 We have the option to extend certain of our current debt maturities with the payment of extension fees. Assuming we exercise all extension options available in our debt agreements and after adjusting for the aforementioned term loan extension and repayments, we expect that future principal and interest payments associated with our remaining debt obligations outstanding as of September 30, 2024 will be 2.7 billion through their maturity, with 2.2 million of principal and 85.3 million of interest payable on or before September 30, 2025. We intend to pay amounts due with available cash, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from property sales and/or to refinance amounts due with long-term debt. 
 We are in compliance with all covenants governed by our existing credit facilities, term loan and senior note facilities. 
 Our mortgage loans contain customary provisions regarding events of default, as well as customary cash management, cash trap and lockbox provisions. Cash trap provisions may be triggered if the hotel's performance is below a certain threshold. Once triggered, all of the cash flow generated by the hotel is deposited directly into lockbox accounts and then swept into cash management accounts for the benefit of our lender. As of September 30, 2024, none of the mortgage loans was in a cash trap. 
 Hotel, ground and finance lease obligations 
 Our properties that are subject to hotel, ground or finance leases, as noted in Note 11. Commitment and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, may require minimum fixed rent payments, percentage rent payments based on a percentage of revenues in excess of certain thresholds or rent payments equal to the greater of a minimum fixed rent or percentage rent. Minimum fixed rent may be adjusted annually by increases in consumer price index ("CPI") and may be subject to minimum and maximum increases. 
 29 

Table of Content 

 Future fixed minimum payments associated with our hotel, ground and finance leases total 1.8 billion as of September 30, 2024, with 22.9 million payable on or before September 30, 2025. 
 Purchase commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 4.9 million of outstanding purchase commitments, all of which will be paid on or before September 30, 2025. These purchase commitments represent outstanding purchase orders and contracts that have been executed for capital and renovation projects at our properties. See Capital Investments for discussion on planned capital investments. 
 Preferred dividends and Series Z operating partnership units 
 We expect to pay aggregate annual dividends and distributions of approximately 47.2 million on our outstanding Series E, Series F, Series G and Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and Series Z Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Units on or before September 30, 2025 and in future years until the shares/units are redeemed. For further discussion on our preferred shares and preferred units, see Note 7. Equity to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Our principal sources of cash are cash from operations, draws on our credit facilities, net proceeds from equity and debt offerings, and net proceeds from property sales. Our principal uses of cash are asset acquisitions, debt service payments, the redemption of equity securities, capital investments, operating costs, corporate expenses and dividends. 
 Operating Activities. Our net cash provided by operating activities was 205.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 202.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Fluctuations in our net cash provided by (used in) operating activities are primarily the result of changes in hotel revenues, operating cash requirements and corporate expenses. 
 Investing Activities. Our net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was (79.9) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 96.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Fluctuations in our net cash provided by (used in) investing activities are primarily the result of acquisition and disposition activities, as well as capital improvements and additions to our properties. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we invested 100.9 million in improvements to our hotel properties and received 21.7 million in property insurance proceeds. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we invested 140.1 million in improvements to our hotel properties, received 224.4 million from the sales of four hotel properties and one retail component of a hotel property and received 14.4 million in property insurance proceeds. 
 Financing Activities. Our net cash used in financing activities was 175.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 159.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Fluctuations in our net cash provided by (used in) financing activities are primarily the result of our issuance and repurchase of debt and equity securities and distributions paid on our preferred and common shares. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repaid 111.4 million in other debt, repurchased 16.9 million of common shares through our common share repurchase program and for tax withholding purposes in connection with vestings of share-based equity awards, paid 6.4 million in deferred financing costs and paid 39.0 million in preferred and common distributions. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we repurchased 92.8 million of common shares through our common share repurchase program and for tax withholding purposes in connection with vestings of share-based equity awards; repaid 21.5 million of other debt, net of refinancing proceeds; and paid 40.2 million in preferred and common distributions. 
 
 Capital Investments 
 We maintain and intend to continue maintaining all of our hotels in good repair and condition, in conformity with applicable laws and regulations, in accordance with franchisor standards when applicable and in accordance with agreed-upon requirements in our management agreements. Routine capital investments will be administered by the hotel management companies. However, we maintain approval rights over the capital investments as part of the annual budget process and as otherwise required from time to time. 
 30 

Table of Content 

 Certain of our hotel properties may undergo renovations as a result of our decision to upgrade portions of the hotels, such as guest rooms, meeting space and restaurants, in order to better compete with other hotels in our markets. In addition, after we acquire a hotel property, we are often required by the franchisor or brand manager, if any, to complete a property improvement plan PIP in order to bring the hotel property up to the franchisor s or brand s standards. Generally, we expect to fund renovations and improvements with available cash, restricted cash, borrowings under our credit facility or proceeds from new debt or equity offerings. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we invested 100.9 million in capital investments (or 81.7 million excluding the repair and remediation of LaPlaya Beach Resort Club) to reposition and improve our properties, including the renovations of Newport Harbor Island Resort, Estancia La Jolla Hotel Spa, Skamania Lodge, Southernmost Beach Resort and Jekyll Island Club Resort. 
 Depending on market conditions, and in some instances subject to approval from governmental authorities, we expect to invest a total of 90.0 million to 95.0 million in capital investments in 2024, which includes normal hotel capital refurbishments as well as redevelopment and repositioning projects at Newport Harbor Island Resort, Estancia La Jolla Hotel Spa and Skamania Lodge, and excludes capital expenditures related to the repair and remediation of LaPlaya Beach Resort Club. 
 
 Common Share Repurchase Programs and Preferred Share Repurchase Program 
 Common Share Repurchase Programs 
 On July 27, 2017, our Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program of up to 100.0 million of common shares. Under this program, we could repurchase common shares from time to time in transactions on the open market or by private agreement. As of June 30, 2023, no common shares remained available for repurchase under this program. 
 On February 17, 2023, our Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program of up to 150.0 million of common shares. Under this program, we may repurchase common shares from time to time in transactions on the open market or by private agreement. We may suspend or discontinue this program at any time. Common shares repurchased by the Company cease to be outstanding and become authorized but unissued common shares. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 1,127,255 common shares for an aggregate purchase price of 15.0 million, or an average of approximately 13.31 per share. As of September 30, 2024, 131.0 million of common shares remained available for repurchase under this program. 
 The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by us in our discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price, liquidity and economic considerations, and market conditions. The program does not require us to repurchase any specific number of common shares. The program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 Preferred Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 17, 2023, our Board of Trustees authorized a repurchase program of up to 100.0 million of preferred shares. Under the terms of the program, we may repurchase up to an aggregate of 100.0 million of our 6.375 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 6.30 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 6.375 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and 5.70 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares from time to time in transactions on the open market or by private agreement. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, no preferred shares were repurchased under this program. As of September 30, 2024, 84.2 million of preferred shares remained available for repurchase under this program. 
 The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by us in our discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price, liquidity and economic considerations, and market conditions. The program does not require us to repurchase any specific number of Preferred Shares. The program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. 
 
 Inflation 
 We rely on the performance of the hotels to increase revenues to keep pace with inflation. Generally, our hotel operators possess the ability to adjust room rates daily, except for group or corporate rates contractually committed to in advance, although competitive pressures may limit the ability of our operators to raise rates faster than inflation or even at the same rate. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Demand in the lodging industry is affected by recurring seasonal patterns which are greatly influenced by overall economic cycles, geographic locations, weather and customer mix at the hotels. Generally, our hotels have lower revenue, operating income and cash flow in the first quarter of each year and higher revenue, operating income and cash flow in the third quarter of each year. 
 31 

Table of Content 

 Derivative Instruments 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to the effects of interest rate changes. We may enter into derivative instruments including interest rate swaps, caps and collars to manage or hedge interest rate risk. Derivative instruments are subject to fair value reporting at each reporting date and the increase or decrease in fair value is recorded in net income (loss) or accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), based on the applicable hedge accounting guidance. Derivatives expose the Company to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counter parties under the terms of the interest rate hedge agreements. We believe we minimize the credit risk by transacting with major credit-worthy financial institutions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of 855.0 million to hedge variable interest rates on our unsecured term loans. We have designated these pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap derivatives as cash flow hedges. For a further discussion of our derivative instruments, see Note 5. Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. We seek to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs by closely monitoring our variable rate debt and converting such debt to fixed rates when we deem such conversion advantageous. From time to time, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements or other interest rate hedging contracts. While these agreements are intended to lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risks that the other parties to the agreements will not perform, we could incur significant costs associated with the settlement of the agreements, the agreements will be unenforceable and the underlying transactions will fail to qualify as highly effective cash flow hedges under guidance included in ASC 815 "Derivatives and Hedging." 
 As of September 30, 2024, 555.0 million, or 25.0 , of our aggregate indebtedness, was subject to variable interest rates, excluding amounts outstanding under the term loan facilities and mortgage loans that have been effectively swapped into fixed rates. If interest rates on our variable rate debt increase or decrease by 0.1 , our annual interest expense will increase or decrease by approximately 0.6 million, respectively. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 32 

Table of Content 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 The nature of the operations of our hotels exposes the hotels and us to the risk of claims and litigation in the normal course of business. We are not presently subject to any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any litigation threatened against us, other than routine actions for negligence or other claims and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, some of which are expected to be covered by liability insurance and all of which collectively are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations or our financial condition. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common Shares 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 (in millions) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 808,986 12.36 808,986 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 Total 808,986 808,986 131.0 
 ______________________ 
 (1) On February 17, 2023, our Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program of up to 150.0 million of our outstanding common shares. This 150.0 million share repurchase program commenced in June 2023, upon the completion of our prior 100.0 million share repurchase program which began in 2017. Under this program, we may repurchase common shares from time to time in transactions on the open market or by private agreement. We may suspend or discontinue this program at any time. As of September 30, 2024, 131.0 million of common shares remained available for repurchase under this program. 
 
 Preferred Shares 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 (in millions) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 
 Total 84.2 
 ______________________ 
 (1) On February 17, 2023, our Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program of up to 100.0 million of our outstanding preferred shares. Under this program we may repurchase up to an aggregate of 100.0 million of our 6.375 Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 6.30 Series F Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, 6.375 Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares and 5.70 Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares from time to time in transactions on the open market or by private agreement. We may suspend or discontinue this program at any time. As of September 30, 2024, 84.2 million of preferred shares remained available for repurchase under this program. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 33 

Table of Content 

 Item 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or trustees or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement." 
 34 

Table of Content 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 4.1 
 Indenture, dated October 3, 2024, among Pebblebrook Hotel, L.P., PEB Finance Corp., Pebblebrook Hotel Trust, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Pebblebrook Hotel Trust's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2024 (File No. 001-34571)). 4.2 
 Form of note of 6.375 Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Indenture in Exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Pebblebrook Hotel Trust's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2024 (File No. 001-34571)). 10.1 
 Second Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2024, among Pebblebrook Hotel, L.P., as the borrower, Pebblebrook Hotel Trust, as the parent REIT and a guarantor, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and L/C issuer, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pebblebrook Hotel Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 23, 2024 (File No. 001 34571)). 10.2 
 Third Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2024, among Pebblebrook Hotel, L.P., as the borrower, Pebblebrook Hotel Trust, as the parent REIT and a guarantor, certain subsidiaries of the borrower, as guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and L/C issuer, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Pebblebrook Hotel Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2024 (File No. 001 34571)). 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (1) 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (1) 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) (1) 
 Management agreement or compensatory plan or arrangement Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. (1) Submitted electronically herewith. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following documents formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vi) Cover Page (in connection with Exhibit 104). 
 
 35 

Table of Content 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PEBBLEBROOK HOTEL TRUST Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ J ON E. B ORTZ 
 Jon E. Bortz Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a10qq3-2024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jon E. Bortz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s J ON E. B ORTZ 
 Jon E. Bortz Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a10qq3-2024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Raymond D. Martz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pebblebrook Hotel Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 s R AYMOND D. M ARTZ 
 Raymond D. Martz Co-President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a10qq3-2024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jon E. Bortz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s J ON E. B ORTZ 
 Jon E. Bortz Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a10qq3-2024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Raymond D. Martz, Co-President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 s R AYMOND D. M ARTZ 
 Raymond D. Martz Co-President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 peb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 peb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 peb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 peb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 peb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

