<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1839519_0001213900-24-097479.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3743005</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>121347</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>851448</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>680939</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>905064</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1120005</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097479.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113161522
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097479
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CF Acquisition Corp. VII
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839519
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				851963781
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41166
		FILM NUMBER:		241454444

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-938-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097479.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0219591-10q_cfacq7.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 13, 2024, there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

Page No. 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 29 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 30 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 30 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 30 

SIGNATURES 
 31 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Income taxes receivable 

Total Current Assets 

Cash held in the Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current Liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Excise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Sponsor loan promissory notes 

Other current liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (excluding 5,267,634 and 14,303,581 shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Commitments and Contingencies and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative costs 

Administrative expenses - related party 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Interest income on cash and investments held in the Trust Account 

Interest expense on mandatorily redeemable Class A common stock 

Net income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding: 

Class A Public shares 

Class A Private placement 

(1) 
 
 Class B Common stock 

(1) 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share: 

Class A - Public shares 

Class A - Private placement 

Class B - Common stock 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2024 

Common Stock 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2023 

Accretion of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Accretion of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Accretion of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2023 

Common Stock 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2022 

Accretion of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Share conversion (1) 

Accretion of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Accretion of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2023 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party 

Interest income on cash and investments held in the Trust Account 

Interest expense on mandatorily redeemable Class A common stock 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes receivable 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from the Trust Account to pay franchise taxes 

Proceeds from the Trust Account to pay income taxes 

Proceeds from the Trust Account to redeem Public Shares 

Cash deposited in the Trust Account 

Proceeds from the Trust Account to repay bank overdraft facility 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from related party Sponsor loan 

Redemption payment for Public Shares 

Payment of related party payable 

Repayment of bank overdraft facility 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in Cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Prepaid expenses paid with Payables to related party 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). 

Although the Company is not
limited in its search for target businesses to a particular industry or sector for the purpose of consummating the Business Combination,
the Company intends to focus its search on companies operating in the financial services, healthcare, real estate services, technology
and software industries. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the
risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced
operations. All activity through September 30, 2024 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering (the Initial
Public Offering described below, and the Company s efforts toward locating and completing a suitable Business Combination.
The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of the Business Combination, at the earliest. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized non-operating income in the form of interest income from investments
in money market funds that invested in U.S. government debt securities from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. Additionally,
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized non-operating income in the form of interest income
from cash deposited in a demand deposit account held at a U.S. bank. 

The Company s sponsor is CFAC Holdings VII,
LLC (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 15, 2021.
On December 20, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (each, a Unit and with respect
to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including Units sold upon
the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of , as described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and of one redeemable warrant.
Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of . Each warrant will become exercisable
30 days after the completion of the Business Combination and will expire years after the completion of the Business Combination, or
earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per Private
Placement Unit to the Sponsor in a private placement (the Private Placement ), generating gross proceeds of , which
is described in Note 4. 

The proceeds of the Private Placement Units and the
Sponsor Note (as defined below) were deposited into the Trust Account (as defined below) and will be used to fund the redemption of the
Public Shares subject to the requirements of applicable law (see Note 4). 

Offering costs amounted to approximately ,
consisting of of underwriting fees and approximately of other costs. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and sale of the Private Placement Units on December 20, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Units (see Note 4) and the proceeds of the Sponsor
Note was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental acting as trustee, which were initially invested only
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out
as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, as determined by the Company. To mitigate the risk of the Company being deemed to be an unregistered investment company and
thus be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, in December 2023, the Company instructed Continental to liquidate the
investment in money market funds that invested in U.S. government debt securities held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds
in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. bank with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until
the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

5 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(the First Extension Loan ), with for each Public Share that was not redeemed in connection with the
First Extension) (the First Extension Monthly Amount deposited into the Trust Account for each calendar month of the First
Extension. The First Extension Loan does not bear interest and is repayable by the Company to the Sponsor or its designees upon consummation
of the Business Combination. The principal balance of the First Extension Loan may be prepaid at any time with funds outside of the Trust
Account. In connection with the stockholder vote to approve the First Extension, Public Shares were redeemed at approximately
 per share, resulting in a reduction of in the amount held in the Trust Account. 

On March 14, 2024, at a special meeting of the Company s
stockholders, the Company s stockholders approved an extension of time for the Company to consummate the Business Combination from
March 20, 2024 to March 20, 2025 (or such shorter period of time as determined by the Company s board of directors) (the Second
Extension ). In connection with the Second Extension, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate amount of up to 
(the Second Extension Loan ), with (i) (the Second Extension Monthly Amount deposited into the Trust
Account in connection with the first funding of the Second Extension Loan on March 15, 2024, and (ii) the Second Extension Monthly Amount
being deposited into the Trust Account for each calendar month thereafter (commencing on April 21, 2024 and ending on the 20 th day
of each subsequent month through March 20, 2025), or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete the Business Combination.
The Second Extension Loan does not bear interest and is repayable by the Company to the Sponsor or its designees upon consummation of
the Business Combination. The principal balance of the Second Extension Loan may be prepaid at any time with funds outside of the Trust
Account. In connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Second Extension, Public Shares were redeemed at approximately
 per share, resulting in a reduction of in the amount held in the Trust Account. 

Initial Business Combination The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
the Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete the Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the assets held in the Trust
Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Business Combination.
However, the Company will only complete the Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

The Company will provide the holders of the Public
Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of the Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public
Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per Public Share). The per share amount to be
distributed to public stockholders who redeem the Public Shares will not be reduced by the Marketing Fee (as defined in Note 4). There
will be no redemption rights upon the completion of the Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Company
will proceed with the Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or
upon such consummation of the Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as may be amended, the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the Business Combination. If, however, stockholder
approval of the Business Combination is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with the Business Combination, the initial
stockholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), their Private Placement Shares (as defined
in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of the Business Combination. In addition,
the initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares held
by the initial stockholders in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. 

6 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or more of the Class A common stock sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors
(the initial stockholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(i) that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Business Combination
or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with
the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

Forward Purchase Contract In connection
with the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor committed, pursuant to a forward purchase contract with the Company (the FPA ),
to purchase, in a private placement for gross proceeds of to occur concurrently with the consummation of the Business Combination,
 of the Company s Units on substantially the same terms as the sale of Units in the Initial Public Offering at per
Unit, and shares of Class A common stock (for no additional consideration) (the securities issuable pursuant to the FPA, the FPS ).
The funds from the sale of the FPS will be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the Business Combination; any excess funds
from this private placement will be used for working capital in the post-transaction company. This commitment is independent of the percentage
of stockholders electing to redeem their Public Shares and provides the Company with a minimum funding level for the Business Combination.
The issuance of the FPS is contingent upon the closing of the Business Combination, among other conditions, and therefore these instruments
have no impact on the Company s balance sheets. 

Failure to Consummate a Business Combination 
The Company has until March 20, 2025 (which was originally June 20, 2023 and has been extended by the First Extension and the Second Extension),
or a later date approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
to consummate the Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination
by the end of the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, other than excise tax (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the Business
Combination within the Combination Period. 

The initial stockholders have agreed to waive their
liquidation rights from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Shares if the Company fails to
complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after
the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares
if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible
that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than
 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed
to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
below per share. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with
the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account, except for the Company s
underwriters and independent registered public accounting firm. 

7 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of cash in its operating account. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a working capital
deficit of approximately and approximately , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately
 and approximately , respectively, of interest income earned on funds held in the Trust Account was available to pay
taxes. 

The Company s liquidity needs through September
30, 2024 have been satisfied through a contribution of from the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, a
loan of approximately from the Sponsor pursuant to a promissory note (the Pre-IPO Note (see Note 4), the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Units not held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor Loan (as defined below), the 2023 Working Capital
Loan (as defined below), and the 2024 Working Capital Loan (as defined below). The Company fully repaid the Pre-IPO Note upon completion
of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination, the Sponsor
loaned the Company to fund the Company s expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other
working capital requirements after the Initial Public Offering and prior to the Business Combination (the Sponsor Loan ),
which Sponsor Loan has been fully drawn by the Company. 

If the Sponsor Loan is insufficient, the Sponsor or
an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company
with Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). 

On September 29, 2023, the Company entered into a
Working Capital Loan (the 2023 Working Capital Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to in connection with
advances the Sponsor made to the Company for working capital expenses, which 2023 Working Capital Loan has been fully drawn. 

Effective as of September 30, 2024, the Company entered
into a Working Capital Loan (the 2024 Working Capital Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to in connection
with advances the Sponsor will make to the Company for working capital expenses. 

On June 16, 2023, the Company entered into the First
Extension Loan with the Sponsor, pursuant to which as of September 30, 2024, the Sponsor loaned the Company in the aggregate. 

On March 14, 2024, the Company entered into the Second
Extension Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to . Seven fundings of the Second Extension Monthly Amount were made during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for the aggregate amount of . 

Each of the 2023 Working Capital Loan, the 2024 Working
Capital Loan, the First Extension Loan and the Second Extension Loan bears no interest and is due and payable on the date on which the
Company consummates the Business Combination. The principal balance of each loan may be prepaid at any time with funds outside of the
Trust Account. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
was approximately and approximately , respectively, outstanding under the loans payable by the Company to the Sponsor.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these amounts included as of both periods outstanding under the Sponsor Loan,
approximately and approximately , respectively, outstanding under the First Extension Loan, as of both
periods outstanding under the Sponsor Note (see Note 4), and approximately , respectively, outstanding under the 2023
Working Capital Loan, and , respectively, outstanding under the Second Extension Loan, and approximately and , respectively,
outstanding under the 2024 Working Capital Loan. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that the
Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
Company s officers and directors, to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or one year
from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating
prospective target businesses, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the
target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

8 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. 

Emerging Growth Company 

The Company is an emerging growth company ,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ),
and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging
growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period,
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company,
as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

This may make comparison of the Company s unaudited
condensed financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

9 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain U.S. subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations that occur after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself and not
its stockholders from which the shares are repurchased. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department
of the Treasury (the Treasury Department has authority to promulgate regulations and provide other guidance regarding the
excise tax. In April 2024, the Treasury Department issued proposed regulations providing guidance with respect to the excise tax. Taxpayers
may rely on these proposed regulations until final regulations are issued. Under the proposed regulations, liquidating distributions made
by special purpose acquisition companies are exempt from the excise tax. In addition, any redemptions that occur in the same taxable year
as a liquidation is completed will also be exempt from such tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022,
in connection with the Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise (such as in connection with the First Extension and the Second
Extension), may be subject to the excise tax depending on a number of factors. Because the excise tax would be payable by the Company
and not by the redeeming stockholders, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not yet been determined. The obligation
of the Company to pay any excise tax could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete the Business Combination and in
the Company s ability to complete the Business Combination. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company recognized excise tax payable of approximately and , respectively, in connection with the Extensions and resulting
redemptions of Public Shares on the balance sheets. 

In addition, for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company recognized and approximately , respectively, of Interest expense on mandatorily redeemable Class A common
stock, representing excise tax in connection with the redemption of Public Shares in the Second Extension, on the unaudited condensed
statements of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized and approximately ,
respectively, of Interest expense on mandatorily redeemable Class A common stock, representing excise tax in connection with the redemption
of Public Shares in the First Extension, on the unaudited condensed statements of operations. 

10 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account. For both the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company
is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

11 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and approximately in the unaudited condensed statements of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and interest expense of and approximately 
in the unaudited condensed statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Shares of conditionally
redeemable Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of Class A common stock are classified as stockholders equity.
All of the Public Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject
to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares
of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity outside of the stockholders 
deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes any subsequent changes in redemption value immediately as
they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption
amount value of redeemable shares of Class A common stock. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the
redemption date for the security. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A common stock also resulted in charges
against Additional paid-in capital and Accumulated deficit. 

shares of Class A common stock sold in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement in
the calculation of diluted earnings per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive
under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted earnings per share of common stock is the same as basic earnings per share of common
stock for the periods presented. 

12 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock 

13 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

,000 and approximately ,000, respectively. The Company s effective
tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and ) , respectively. During the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized income tax expense of approximately ,000 and approximately ,000, respectively.
The Company s effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. The Company s
effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate mainly due to the interest expense on mandatorily redeemable common stock liability,
which is not deductible, start-up costs, which are currently not deductible as they are deferred for tax purposes, as well as increase
in valuation allowance fully offsetting deferred balances. 

14 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEC Rule on Climate-Related Disclosures 

Units at a price of per Unit, including Units sold upon the partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each whole
warrant, a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at
a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and
only whole warrants will trade. On December 20, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited shares of Class B common stock due to the underwriter
not exercising the remaining portion of the over-allotment option, such that the initial stockholders would collectively own of the
Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Shares). 

shares
of the Company s Class B common stock, par value Class B common stock for an aggregate price of .
In January 2021, the Company effected a 35/26-for-1 stock split, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock
outstanding and held by the Sponsor. On December 9, 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock
to two of the independent directors of the Company. On December 20, 2021, due to the underwriter advising the Company that it would not
be exercising the remaining portion of the over-allotment option, shares of Class B common stock were forfeited by the Sponsor,
so that the shares of Class B common stock represented of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after
the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Shares), resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common
stock (including any shares of Class A common stock issued or issuable upon conversion thereof, the Founder Shares outstanding
and held by the Sponsor and two of the independent directors of the Company. All share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of the
Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions. 

15 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares
of Class A common stock to the Sponsor upon the conversion of shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor (the Conversion ).
The shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with the Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied
to the Class B common stock prior to the Conversion, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption
rights and the obligation to vote in favor of the Business Combination as described in the prospectus for the Initial Public Offering. 

The initial stockholders have agreed, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion
of the Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock
equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any -trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit 
in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock (the Private Placement Shares and one-third of one warrant (each whole warrant, a Private Placement Warrant ). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. On December 20, 2022, the Sponsor transferred shares of Class
A common stock to an independent director of the Company. 

The proceeds from the Private Placement Units have
been added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete the Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants except that (i) they are subject to lock-up as described herein and (ii) holders of Private Placement Warrants
will be entitled to certain registration rights. The Sponsor has agreed that it shall forfeit to the Company for cancellation any Private
Placement Warrants held by the Sponsor on the date that is five years after the effective date of the registration statement, in accordance
with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA Rule 5110(g), and at such time shall no longer have the right to exercise
any Private Placement Warrants. 

The Private Placement Warrants will expire five years
after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors
have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Units (including the component
securities thereof) until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination. 

Underwriter 

Cantor Fitzgerald Co. CF Co. ),
the lead underwriter of the Initial Public Offering, is an affiliate of the Sponsor (see Note 5). 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

The Company has engaged CF Co. as an advisor in
connection with any Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss any potential Business
Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
the Company s securities, and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with any Business Combination.
The Company will pay CF Co. a cash fee (the Marketing Fee for such services upon the consummation of the Business Combination
in an amount equal to , which is equal to of the gross proceeds of the base offering in the Initial Public Offering and
 of the gross proceeds from the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. 

Related Party Loans 

The Sponsor made available to the Company, under the
Pre-IPO Note, up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. Prior to the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the amount outstanding under the Pre-IPO Note was approximately . The Pre-IPO Note was non-interest bearing and
was repaid in full upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

16 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, of which was drawn as of the closing date of the Initial Public Offering
(the Sponsor Note ). As a result of the underwriter advising the Company that it would not exercise the remaining portion
of the over-allotment option, there will be no further draws on the Sponsor Note. The Sponsor Note bears no interest. The proceeds of
the Sponsor Note were deposited into the Trust Account and will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of the applicable law). The Sponsor Note was extended in order to ensure that the amount in the Trust Account is per Public Share
as of the date of the Initial Public Offering. The Sponsor Note will be repaid upon the consummation of the Business Combination. If the
Company does not complete the Business Combination, it will not repay the Sponsor Note and its proceeds will be distributed to the holders
of the Public Shares. The Sponsor has waived any claims against the Trust Account in connection with the Sponsor Note. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended Business Combination, pursuant to the Sponsor Loan, the Sponsor loaned the Company to fund the Company s
expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements, including per month
for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services that will be paid to the Sponsor, for the period commencing upon
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and concluding upon the consummation of the Business Combination. For each of the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid for office space and administrative fees. For each of the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid for office space and administrative fees. 

If the Sponsor Loan is insufficient to cover the working
capital requirements of the Company, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
the Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the Business
Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans
but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

On September 29, 2023, the Company entered into the
2023 Working Capital Loan in the amount of up to in connection with advances the Sponsor made to the Company for working capital
expenses, which 2023 Working Capital Loan has been fully drawn. 

Effective as of September 30, 2024, the Company entered
into the 2024 Working Capital Loan in the amount of up to in connection with advances the Sponsor will make to the Company for
working capital expenses. 

Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

On June 16, 2023, the Company entered into the First
Extension Loan with the Sponsor, pursuant to which as of September 30, 2024, the Sponsor loaned the Company in the aggregate. 

On March 14, 2024, the Company entered into the Second
Extension Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to . Seven fundings of the Second Extension Monthly Amount were made during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for the aggregate amount of . 

Each of the 2023 Working Capital Loan, the 2024 Working
Capital Loan, the First Extension Loan and the Second Extension Loan bears no interest and is due and payable on the date on which the
Company consummates the Business Combination. The principal balance of each loan may be prepaid at any time with funds outside of the
Trust Account. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
was approximately and approximately , respectively, outstanding under the loans payable by the Company to the Sponsor.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these amounts included as of both periods outstanding under the Sponsor Loan,
approximately and approximately , respectively, outstanding under the First Extension Loan, as of both
periods outstanding under the Sponsor Note, and approximately , respectively, outstanding under the 2023 Working Capital
Loan, and , respectively, outstanding under the Second Extension Loan, and approximately and , respectively, outstanding
under the 2024 Working Capital Loan. 

The Sponsor pays expenses on the Company s behalf.
The Company reimburses the Sponsor for such expenses paid on its behalf. The unpaid balance, if any, is included in Payable to related
parties on the balance sheets. 

17 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts
and commissions. On December 20, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, CF Co. partially exercised
the over-allotment option for additional Units and advised the Company that it would not exercise the remaining portion of the
over-allotment option. 

CF Co. was paid a cash underwriting discount of
 in connection with the Initial Public Offering. 

The Company also engaged a qualified independent underwriter
to participate in the preparation of the registration statement and exercise the usual standards of due diligence in respect
thereto. The Company paid the independent underwriter a fee of upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in consideration
for its services and expenses as the qualified independent underwriter. The qualified independent underwriter received no other compensation. 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

The Company has engaged CF Co. as an advisor in
connection with the Company s Business Combination (see Note 4). 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the
military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East on the financial markets and on the industry, and has concluded that while it is reasonably
possible that the conflicts could have an effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for
a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements. The
unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

shares of Class A common stock, par value per share. As of both September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
these shares excluded (following the redemption of shares of Class A common stock in connection with the Second Extension)
and (following the redemption of shares of Class A common stock in connection with the First Extension) shares subject
to possible redemption, respectively. On June 12, 2023, pursuant to the Conversion, the Company issued shares of Class A common
stock to the Sponsor. As a result, as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding shares of Class A common stock
comprised of Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these shares
excluded and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. The Private Placement Shares and the Founder Shares
do not contain the same redemption features contained in the Public Shares. 

Class B Common Stock The Company
is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. Holders of shares of Class B common stock
are entitled to one vote for each share. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B common
stock issued and outstanding. 

Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
only holders of shares of Class B common stock have the right to vote on the election of directors and holders of shares of Class A common
stock are not entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. Holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common
stock vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders except as required by law. 

18 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination
(excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any securities
issued pursuant to the FPA). 

In January 2021, the Company effected a 35/26-for-1
stock split, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock outstanding and held by the Sponsor. Information contained
in the financial statements has been retroactively adjusted for the stock split. On December 9, 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate
of shares of Class B common stock to two of the independent directors of the Company. On December 20, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited
 shares of Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock outstanding and held by
the Sponsor and two of the independent directors of the Company as of such date. 

Preferred Stock The Company
is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of both September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

after the effective date of the registration statement, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g), and at such time shall no longer
have the right to exercise any Private Placement Warrants. 

19 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Warrant; 

at any time during the exercise period; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share for any 20-trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such Warrants. 

If the Company calls the Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, 
as described in the warrant agreement. 

The exercise price and number of shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common
stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrants. If
the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in
the Trust Account, holders of the Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Warrants, nor will they receive any
distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such Warrants. Accordingly, the Warrants
may expire worthless. 

20 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, our, 
 us or we refer to CF Acquisition Corp. VII. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto
contained elsewhere in this Report (as defined below). Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on
our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, 
 would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible
business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Form 10-Q. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described
in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware
on July 8, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses (the Initial Business Combination ). Our sponsor is CFAC Holdings VII, LLC
(the Sponsor ). 

Although we are not limited in our search for target
businesses to a particular industry or sector for the purpose of consummating the Initial Business Combination, we are focusing our search
on companies operating in the financial services, healthcare, real estate services, technology and software industries. We are an early
stage and emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

Our registration statement for our initial public
offering (the Initial Public Offering became effective on December 15, 2021. On December 20, 2021, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 18,250,000 units (each, a Unit and with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the
Units sold, the Public Shares ), including 750,000 Units sold upon the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 182,500,000. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A
common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock
at a price of 11.50. Each warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination and will expire
5 years after the completion of the Initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we consummated the sale of 450,000 Units (the Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement
Unit to the Sponsor in a private placement (the Private Placement ), generating gross proceeds of 4,500,000, and we executed
a promissory note (the Sponsor Note in favor of the Sponsor pursuant to which we borrowed 3,650,000 from the Sponsor. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and sale of the Private Placement Units on December 20, 2021, an amount of 186,150,000 10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Units and the proceeds of the Sponsor Note, was placed
in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company Continental acting as trustee, which were initially invested only in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us
meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us. To mitigate
the risk of the Company being deemed to be an unregistered investment company and thus be subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act, in December 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investment in money market funds that invested in U.S. government
debt securities held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit
account at a U.S. bank, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of: (i) the completion of
the Initial Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

21 

On June 12, 2023, we issued 4,442,500 shares of Class
A common stock to the Sponsor upon the conversion of 4,442,500 shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor (the Conversion ).
The 4,442,500 shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with the Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied
to the Class B common stock prior to the Conversion, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption
rights and the obligation to vote in favor of the Initial Business Combination as described in the prospectus for the Initial Public Offering. 

On June 16, 2023, at a special meeting of our stockholders,
our stockholders approved an extension of time for us to consummate the Initial Business Combination from June 20, 2023 to March 20, 2024
(the First Extension ). In connection with the First Extension, as of September 30, 2024 the Sponsor loaned us an aggregate
amount of 3,861,967 (the First Extension Loan ), with 429,107 0.03 for each Public Share that was not redeemed in connection
with the First Extension) (the First Extension Monthly Amount deposited into the Trust Account for each month of the First
Extension. The First Extension Loan does not bear interest and is repayable by us to the Sponsor or its designees upon consummation of
the Initial Business Combination. In connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Extension, 3,946,419 Public Shares were redeemed
at approximately 10.48 per share, resulting in a reduction of 41,373,633 in the amount held in the Trust Account. 

On March 14, 2024, at a special meeting of our stockholders,
our stockholders approved an extension of time for us to consummate the Initial Business Combination from March 20, 2024 to March 20,
2025 (or such shorter period of time as determined by our board of directors) (the Second Extension and, together with the
First Extension, the Extensions ). In connection with the Second Extension, the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate amount
of up to 1,200,000 pursuant to the Second Extension Loan, with (i) 100,000 (the Second Extension Monthly Amount deposited
into the Trust Account in connection with the first funding of the Second Extension Loan on March 15, 2024, and (ii) the Second Extension
Monthly Amount being deposited into the Trust Account for each calendar month thereafter (commencing on April 21, 2024 and ending on the
20 th day of each subsequent month through March 20, 2025), or portion thereof, that is needed by us to complete the Initial
Business Combination. The Second Extension Loan does not bear interest and is repayable by us to the Sponsor or its designees upon consummation
of the Initial Business Combination. In connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Second Extension, 9,035,947 Public Shares
were redeemed at approximately 10.94 per share, resulting in a reduction of 98,891,433 in the amount held in the Trust Account. 

Following the Conversion and the redemptions in connection
with the Extensions, (i) there are 10,160,134 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding and 120,000 shares of Class B common
stock issued and outstanding, and (ii) the Sponsor holds 48.1 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

We have until March 20, 2025 (which was originally
June 20, 2023 and has been extended by the stockholder approval of the Extensions as described above), or a later date approved by our
stockholders in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to consummate the Initial Business Combination
(the Combination Period ). If we are unable to complete the Initial Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay taxes (less up
to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under
Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete the Initial Business Combination within
the Combination Period. 

On January 24, 2024, the SEC adopted the new
rules and regulations for special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ), which became effective on July 1, 2024 (the
 2024 SPAC Rules ). The 2024 SPAC Rules require, among other matters, (i) additional disclosures relating to SPAC business
combination transactions; (ii) additional disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest involving sponsors and their
affiliates in both SPAC initial public offerings and business combination transactions; (iii) additional disclosures regarding projections
included in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; and (iv) the requirement that both the SPAC
and its target company be co-registrants for business combination registration statements. In addition, the SEC s adopting
release provided guidance describing circumstances in which a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act,
including its duration, asset composition, business purpose, and the activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance of
such goals. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially affect our ability to negotiate and complete our Initial Business Combination and may increase
the costs and time related thereto. 

On March 6, 2024, the SEC adopted its climate-related
disclosure rules, which require registrants to provide detailed climate-related disclosures in registration statements and certain periodic
reports. The final rules set forth requirements for disclosure of material climate-related risks, mitigation activities, targets and goals,
and governance. The rules also require disclosure of certain greenhouse gas emissions metrics and attestation of emissions disclosures.
We are evaluating the potential impacts of these new requirements at this time, including in connection with ongoing litigation challenging
such requirements and the SEC s stay of the requirements pending judicial review. However, if these requirements are implemented
following the completion of judicial review, they may significantly increase the complexity of our periodic reporting as a U.S. public
company. 

22 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
we had 25,000 of cash in our operating account. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had a working capital deficit of approximately
 12,314,000 and approximately 9,382,000, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately 3,714,000 and approximately
 6,282,000, respectively, of interest income earned on funds held in the Trust Account was available to pay taxes. 

Our liquidity needs through September 30, 2024 have
been satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares, a loan of approximately
 97,000 from the Sponsor pursuant to a promissory note (the Pre-IPO Note ), the proceeds from the consummation of the Private
Placement with the Sponsor not held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor Loan (as defined below), the 2023 Working Capital Loan (as defined
below), and the 2024 Working Capital Loan (as defined below). We fully repaid the Pre-IPO Note upon completion of the Initial Public Offering.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor loaned us 1,750,000
to fund our expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements after the Initial
Public Offering and prior to the Initial Business Combination (the Sponsor Loan ), which Sponsor Loan has been fully drawn
by us. 

If the Sponsor Loan is insufficient, the Sponsor or
an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us additional loans Working
Capital Loans ). 

On September 29, 2023, we entered into a Working Capital
Loan (the 2023 Working Capital Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to 1,000,000 in connection with advances the
Sponsor made to us for working capital expenses, which 2023 Working Capital Loan has been fully drawn. 

Effective as of September 30, 2024, we entered into
a Working Capital Loan (the 2024 Working Capital Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to 750,000 in connection with
advances the Sponsor will make to us for working capital expenses. 

Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

On June 16, 2023, we entered into the First Extension
Loan with the Sponsor, pursuant to which as of September 30, 2024, the Sponsor loaned us 3,861,967 in the aggregate. 

On March 14, 2024, we entered into the Second Extension
Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to 1,200,000. Seven fundings of the Second Extension Monthly Amount were made during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 for the aggregate amount of 700,000. 

Each of the 2023 Working Capital Loan, the 2024 Working
Capital Loan, the First Extension Loan and the Second Extension Loan bears no interest and is due and payable on the date on which we
consummate the Initial Business Combination. The principal balance of each loan may be prepaid at any time with funds outside of the Trust
Account. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
was approximately 11,039,000 and approximately 8,462,000, respectively, outstanding under the loans payable by us to the Sponsor. As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these amounts included 1,750,000 as of both periods outstanding under the Sponsor Loan,
approximately 3,862,000 and approximately 3,004,000, respectively, outstanding under the First Extension Loan, 3,650,000 as of both
periods outstanding under the Sponsor Note, 1,000,000 and approximately 58,000, respectively, outstanding under the 2023 Working Capital
Loan, 700,000 and 0, respectively, outstanding under the Second Extension Loan, and approximately 77,000 and 0, respectively, outstanding
under the 2024 Working Capital Loan. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that we
will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor to meet our needs through the earlier of the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination or one year from the date of this Report. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for
paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective target businesses, performing due diligence on prospective target
businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Initial Business Combination. 

23 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from inception through September
30, 2024 related to our formation, the Initial Public Offering, and to our efforts toward locating and completing a suitable Initial Business
Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues
until after completion of the Initial Business Combination. We have generated non-operating income in the form of interest income on amounts
held in the Trust Account. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we
had net income of approximately 167,000, which consisted of approximately 719,000 of interest income from cash deposited in a demand
deposit account held at a U.S. bank, partially offset by approximately 257,000 of general and administrative expenses, approximately
 229,000 of income tax expense, approximately 36,000 of franchise tax expense, and 30,000 of administrative expenses paid to the Sponsor. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had
a net loss of approximately 3,942,000, which consisted of approximately 5,276,000 of interest expense on mandatorily redeemable Class
A common stock, approximately 1,102,000 of income tax expense, approximately 849,000 of general and administrative expenses, 160,000
of franchise tax expense, and 90,000 of administrative expenses paid to the Sponsor, partially offset by approximately 3,535,000 of
interest income recognized from the cash and investments held in the Trust Account. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we
had net income of approximately 1,068,000, which consisted of approximately 1,826,000 of interest income from investments held in the
Trust Account, partially offset by approximately 377,000 of income tax expense, approximately 321,000 of general and administrative
expenses, 30,000 of franchise tax expense, and 30,000 of administrative expenses paid to the Sponsor. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had
net income of approximately 1,676,000, which consisted of approximately 5,515,000 of interest income from investments held in the Trust
Account, partially offset by approximately 1,534,000 of interest expense on mandatorily redeemable Class A common stock, approximately
 1,125,000 of income tax expense, approximately 930,000 of general and administrative expenses, 160,000 of franchise tax expense and
 90,000 of administrative expenses paid to the Sponsor. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our results of operations and our ability to complete
the Initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in
the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial
markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines
in consumer confidence and spending, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot
at this time predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively
impact our business and our ability to complete the Initial Business Combination. 

Contractual Obligations 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

We engaged Cantor Fitzgerald Co. CF Co. ),
an affiliate of the Sponsor, as an advisor in connection with any Initial Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with our
stockholders to discuss any potential Initial Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential
investors that are interested in purchasing our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with
any Initial Business Combination. We will pay CF Co. a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the Initial Business Combination
in an amount of 6,537,500, which is equal to, in the aggregate, 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the base offering in the Initial Public
Offering and 5.5 of the gross proceeds from the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. 

24 

Related Party Loans 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering, we
executed the Sponsor Note in favor of the Sponsor pursuant to which we borrowed 3,650,000 from the Sponsor. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor loaned us 1,750,000 in the Sponsor Loan to fund expenses relating to investigating
and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements, including 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and
shared personnel support services that will be paid to the Sponsor, after the Initial Public Offering and prior to the Initial Business
Combination. 

On September 29, 2023, we entered into the 2023 Working
Capital Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to 1,000,000 in connection with advances the Sponsor made to us for working capital
expenses, which 2023 Working Capital Loan has been fully drawn. 

Effective as of September 30, 2024, we entered into
the 2024 Working Capital Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to 750,000 in connection with advances the Sponsor will make to us
for working capital expenses. 

On June 16, 2023, we entered into the First Extension
Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to 3,861,967, which as of September 30, 2024 has been fully funded by the Sponsor. 

On March 14, 2024, we entered into the Second Extension
Loan with the Sponsor in the amount of up to 1,200,000. Seven fundings of the Second Extension Monthly Amount were made during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 for the aggregate amount of 700,000. 

Each of the 2023 Working Capital Loan, the 2024 Working
Capital Loan, the First Extension Loan and the Second Extension Loan bears no interest and is due and payable on the date on which we
consummate the Business Combination. The principal balance of each loan may be prepaid at any time with funds outside of the Trust Account. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
was approximately 11,039,000 and approximately 8,462,000, respectively, outstanding under the loans payable by us to the Sponsor. As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these amounts included 1,750,000 as of both periods outstanding under the Sponsor Loan,
approximately 3,862,000 and approximately 3,004,000, respectively, outstanding under the First Extension Loan, 3,650,000 as of both
periods outstanding under the Sponsor Note, 1,000,000 and approximately 58,000, respectively, outstanding under the 2023 Working Capital
Loan, and 700,000 and 0, respectively, outstanding under the Second Extension Loan, and approximately 77,000 and 0, respectively,
outstanding under the 2024 Working Capital Loan. 

The Sponsor pays expenses on our behalf and we reimburse
the Sponsor for such expenses paid on our behalf. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had no payable outstanding to
the Sponsor for such expenses paid on our behalf. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of our unaudited condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, in our unaudited condensed financial statements. These accounting estimates require the
use of assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. Management bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions
used, our balance sheets, unaudited condensed statements of operations, unaudited condensed statements of stockholders deficit
and unaudited condensed statements of cash flows could be materially affected. We believe that the following accounting policies involve
a higher degree of judgment and complexity. 

Going Concern 

In connection with our going concern considerations
in accordance with guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40,
 Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , we have until March 20, 2025 to consummate the Initial Business Combination.
Our mandatory liquidation date, if the Initial Business Combination is not consummated, raises substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. Our financial statements included in this Report do not include any adjustments related to the recovery of
the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities should we be unable to continue as a going concern. In the event of a mandatory
liquidation, within ten business days, we will redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to us to pay taxes, other than excise tax (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
then outstanding Public Shares. 

25 

Emerging Growth Company 

Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act)
are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out
of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to
opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or
revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or
revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

Warrants and FPS 

We account for our outstanding public warrants and
private placement warrants and the securities underlying the forward purchase agreement with the Sponsor (such securities, the FPS in accordance with the guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . Pursuant
to the guidance, the warrants and the FPS meet the criteria for equity classification and are required to be recorded as a component of
additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our shares of Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Shares of Class
A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and measured at fair value. For shares
of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) with a fixed redemption amount and a fixed redemption date, we recognize
interest expense on the unaudited condensed statements of operations to reflect accretion to the redemption amount. As a result, to reflect
accretion to the redemption amount, we recognized interest expense of 0 and approximately 4,285,000 in our unaudited condensed statements
of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and interest expense of 0 and approximately 1,120,000
in our unaudited condensed statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Shares of conditionally
redeemable Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, shares of Class A common stock are classified as stockholders equity. All of the Public Shares feature
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 5,267,634 and 14,303,581 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption,
respectively, are presented as temporary equity outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. We recognize
any subsequent changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A common
stock to the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized
the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value of redeemable shares of Class A common stock. This method would view
the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. The change in the carrying value of redeemable
shares of Class A common stock also resulted in charges against Additional paid-in capital and Accumulated deficit. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock 

We comply with the accounting and disclosure requirements
of ASC 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income (loss) per share of common stock is computed by dividing net income (loss) applicable
to stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the applicable periods. We apply the two-class
method in calculating earnings per share and allocate net income (loss) pro rata to shares of Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption, nonredeemable shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. Accretion associated with the redeemable
shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

We have not considered the effect of the warrants
to purchase an aggregate of 6,233,333 shares of Class A common stock sold in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement in
the calculation of diluted earnings per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive
under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted earnings per share of common stock is the same as basic earnings per share of common
stock for the periods presented. 

See Note 2 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies to our unaudited condensed financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for additional
information regarding these critical accounting policies and other significant accounting policies. 

26 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 

As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying
Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes to our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

27 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management team, there is
no material litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against
any of our property. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, as of the date of this Report, there have
been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously disclosed in our (i) Registration Statement on Form S-1 with respect
to the Initial Public Offering, initially filed with the SEC on February 19, 2021, as amended and declared effective on December 15, 2021
(File No. 333-253307), (ii) Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, as filed with the SEC on
March 29, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively, (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31,
2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and June 30, 2024, as filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022, August 12, 2022, November 14, 2022 and
August 14, 2024, respectively, and (iv) the Definitive Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024 and
May 19, 2023. Any of the previously disclosed risk factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of
operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair
our business or results of operations. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time
in our future filings with the SEC. 

28 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

For a description of the use of proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

In December 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate
the investment in money market funds that invested in U.S. government debt securities held in the Trust Account and instead
to hold the funds in the Trust Account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. bank, with Continental continuing to act
as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our Initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation
of investments in the Trust Account, the remaining proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement are no longer invested
in U.S. government securities or money market funds invested in U.S. government securities. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

29 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

Trading Arrangements 

During the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024,
none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) or any
 Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item
408 of Regulation S-K. 

Additional Information 

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note of the Company issued in favor of the Sponsor, effective as of September 30, 2024. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VII 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Howard W. Lutnick 

Name: 
 Howard W. Lutnick 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Name: 
 Jane Novak 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

31 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ea021959101ex10-1_cfacq7.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE OF THE COMPANY ISSUED IN FAVOR OF THE SPONSOR, EFFECTIVE AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Exhibit 10.1 

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ).
THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE
THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: Up to 750,000 
 
 Effective as of September 30,
 2024 
 New York, New York 

CF Acquisition Corp. VII, a
 Delaware corporation (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of CFAC
Holdings VII, LLC or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ),
the principal sum of up to Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 750,000) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the
terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available
funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance
with the provisions of this Note. 

1. 
 Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker on the date on which Maker consummates its initial
business combination (the Business Combination ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances
shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally
for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2. 
 Interest. No interest shall accrue or be charged by Payee on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3. 
 Drawdown Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 750,000) (the
 Maximum Loan Amount for costs reasonably related to Maker s working capital needs prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the date on which Maker consummates
a Business Combination, upon request from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request in such amounts as Maker may
determine in its discretion. Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request;
provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under this Note is the Maximum Loan Amount. Once an amount is drawn
down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments or other amounts shall
be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. 

4. 
 Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection
of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late
charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. 
 Events of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days
of the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the
making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become
due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in
an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering
the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of
60 consecutive days. 

6. 
 Remedies. 

(a) 
 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a), Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note
to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all
other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action
on the part of Payee. 

7. 
 Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice
of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted
by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any
property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under
execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that
any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued hereon, may
be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. 
 Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default,
or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee
with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may
become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

2 

9. 
 Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing
and delivered (i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic
transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other
address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently
provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication
so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt
of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier
service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

10. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD
TO CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

11. 
 Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof,
and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction. 

12.
Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim
of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account established by Maker in which the proceeds
of Maker s initial public offering and the proceeds of the sale of the units issued to the Payee in a private placement that occurred
simultaneously with the closing of the IPO were deposited (the Trust Account ), and hereby agrees not to seek recourse,
reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that if
Maker completes a Business Combination, Maker shall repay the principal balance of this Note, which may be out of the proceeds released
to the Maker from the Trust Account. 

13. Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent
of the Maker and the Payee. 

14. 
 Assignment . No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by
operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required
consent shall be void; provided , however , this Note is freely assignable by the Payee to any assignee. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker, intending to
be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

CF Acquisition Corp. VII 

By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Name: 
 Jane Novak 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to the Promissory Note by CF Acquisition
Corp. VII in favor of CFAC Holdings VII, LLC for up to 750,000 for Working Capital Second Working Capital Loan Effective
as of September 30, 2024] 

4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea021959101ex31-1_cfacq7.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Howard W. Lutnick, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CF Acquisition Corp. VII; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Howard W. Lutnick 

Howard W. Lutnick 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea021959101ex31-2_cfacq7.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jane Novak, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CF Acquisition Corp. VII; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Jane Novak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea021959101ex32-1_cfacq7.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of CF Acquisition Corp. VII (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Howard W. Lutnick, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Howard W. Lutnick 

Howard W. Lutnick 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea021959101ex32-2_cfacq7.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of CF Acquisition Corp. VII (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jane Novak, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Jane Novak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cffs-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cffs-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cffs-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cffs-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cffs-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

