<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_2021042_0001213900-24-096931.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3420345</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81077</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>852782</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>548910</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>883163</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1000822</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096931.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112172121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096931
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQV Ventures Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002021042
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42207
		FILM NUMBER:		241449963

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1090 CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			PARK CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84098
		BUSINESS PHONE:		405-870-3781

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1090 CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			PARK CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84098

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096931.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0220002-10q_eqvvent.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 12, 2024,
there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and
outstanding. 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and For the Period from April 15, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and For the Period from April 15, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from April 15, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 20 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 20 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 21 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 21 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 21 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 21 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 21 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 21 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 22 
 
 Signatures 
 
 23 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Assets: 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short Term prepaid insurance 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash held in Trust Account (defined in Note 1) 

Long Term prepaid insurance 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs 

Accrued expenses 

Cash underwriting fee payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred legal fees 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 35,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Period from April 15, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 General and administrative costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 15, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance April 15, 2024 (inception) 

Issuance
of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (defined in Note 1) 

Issuance of Class A ordinary shares to non-executive director nominees 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

FV of Public Warrants (defined in Note 3) at issuance 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A shares 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net Income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 15, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Operating costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B founder shares 

Interest expenses (earned) on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Short Term prepaid insurance 

Long Term prepaid insurance 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for working capital purposes 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Issuance of Class A shares to non-executive director nominees 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents End of period 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

Write off of over-allotment liability 

Deferred legal fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant
(the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units, the Public Shares ), at
 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of (i) units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary
share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Sponsor Private Placement Units ), at a price of per Sponsor Private
Placement Unit in a private placement to EQV Ventures Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , and (ii) units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable
warrant (the Underwriter Private Placement Units, and together with the Sponsor Private Placement Units, the Private
Placement Units ), at a price of per Underwriter Private Placement Unit in a private placement to BTIG, LLC BTIG ),
generating gross proceeds of . The Private Placement Units are discussed in Notes 3 and 4. 

Transaction costs amounted
to , consisting of of cash underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other
offering costs. 

The Company s management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the
Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business
Combination. The Company s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market
value of at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net, with respect to interest income, of certain amounts
of working capital expenses (up to , per annum, of the interest earned on the Trust Account), taxes payable and up to to
pay liquidation expenses) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business
Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering on August 8, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units,
and a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested only in (i) U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, (ii) any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money
market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
or (iii) an interest bearing demand deposit account, until the earlier of (a) the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) the distribution
of the Trust Account, as described below. 

The Company will provide
holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their
Class A ordinary shares upon the consummation of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to
approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will
be entitled to convert their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay working
capital expenses or its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect
to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary
equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

5 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

or more of the Public Shares or (or up to if the over-allotment option had been exercised in full), without the
prior consent of the Company. The over-allotment option has expired since the close of the Initial Public Offering. 

The initial shareholders
have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Sponsor Private Placement Shares (as defined below),
and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) not to propose an amendment to (a)
modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide for the redemption of its Public Shares in connection with
a Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (b) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

The Company will have until
24 months, or such earlier date as the Company s board of directors may approve, from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned thereon (excluding, with respect to interest income, certain amounts of working capital expenses, taxes payable and up
to to pay liquidation expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and to the other requirements
of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which
may expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The initial shareholders
have agreed to waive their liquidation rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares
and Sponsor Private Placement Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However,
if the Sponsor, officers and directors acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the
event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included
with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price per Unit ). 

In order to protect the
amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party
for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering
into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount
per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the
trust assets, in each case net of certain amounts of working capital expenses and taxes payable. This liability will not apply with respect
to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims
under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all material vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm),
prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

6 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of Private Placement Units to the Sponsor and BTIG,
at a price of per Unit, or . 

Additionally, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company
paid the underwriter per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate (the Base Fee ).
Of such per unit payable as the Base Fee, per Unit, or in the aggregate, was paid at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering (with paid in cash and used to purchase the Underwriter Private Placement Units), and per
unit, or in the aggregate, is payable to the underwriter in cash in twelve equal monthly installments of approximately 
each beginning on the first month anniversary of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

On September 27, 2024, EQV
Ventures Acquisition Corp. issued a press release, announcing that the holders of the Company s units may elect to separately trade
the Class A ordinary shares and warrants included in the units commencing on September 27, 2024. Those units not separated will continue
to trade on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol EQVU, and each of the Class A ordinary shares
and warrants that are separated will trade on NYSE under the symbols EQV and EQVW, respectively. Holders
of units will need to have their brokers contact Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the Company s transfer agent,
to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had operating cash of 
and a working capital of . The Company intends to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate
target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

If the Business Combination is not consummated, the Company will need
to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties.
The Company s officers, directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at
any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to
take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will
be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of these unaudited condensed financial statements if a Business Combination
is not yet consummated. These unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the
recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

7 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

8 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

, were held in cash. As of September 30, 2024, of the Trust Account balance
can be withdrawn for working capital expenses. 

9 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Public
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private placement in accordance
with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the Company has classified
the warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to the over-allotment option 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

10 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares, 
and together with the Class A Ordinary Shares, the Ordinary Shares ). Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two
classes of shares. Net income per Ordinary Share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of Ordinary Shares
outstanding for the respective period. 

ordinary shares that were forfeited as the over-allotment option
was not exercised in full by the underwriters. The over-allotment has expired and is no longer payable. At September 30, 2024, the Company
did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then
share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income per ordinary share is the same as basic income per ordinary share for
the period presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

11 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant, and collectively, the
 Public Warrants ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price
of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). 

Warrants 

Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares.
No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the
completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be
obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant
exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants
is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a warrant unless
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

The Company will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause the registration statement to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of
its initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating
to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement provided that if its
Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy
the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require
holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement.
If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th
day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is
not available. 

Once the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in whole and
 not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less
 than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

12 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per Class A ordinary share (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of
any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of
the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s
ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates
a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The Private Placement Warrants
contained in the Private Placement Units (see Note 4) will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold
in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business
Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis
and be non-redeemable. 

If the Company calls the
Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do
so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of ordinary shares at a price below
its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders
of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s
assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration of Class B ordinary
shares (the Founder Shares ), par value per share, of the Company. The Sponsor has forfeited Founder Shares.
The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 6. 

The initial shareholders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until the earlier of
(A) 12 months after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, or (B) six months after the
completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals
or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s initial
Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Due from Sponsor 

On September 30, 2024, the Sponsor owes the Company
 of funds from the sale of the Sponsor Private Placement Units. Subsequently, on September 30, 2024, the Sponsor repaid the amount
owed to the Company. 

Promissory Note 

On April 19, 2024, the Company issued a promissory note to the
Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate of to be used for the payment of costs related
to the Initial Public Offering (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on
the earlier of December 31, 2024 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On August 8, 2024, at the time of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company repaid the then outstanding balance, and the note is no longer available to be drawn upon. As of September
30, 2024, the Company had outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of Sponsor Private Placement Units at a price of 
per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Sponsor Private Placement Unit consists of Class A ordinary share (the
 Sponsor Private Placement Shares and one-third of redeemable warrant (the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants ). 

13 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of the underwriting commissions was applied by BTIG to purchase Underwriter Private Placement Units at a price of per
unit (each comprised of Class A ordinary share and one-third of redeemable warrant (the Underwriter Private Placement
Warrants, and together with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants )), on the same
terms as the Sponsor Private Placement Units, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering (see Note 5). 

Each Private Placement Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustments. Each warrant will
become exercisable 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination and will not expire except upon liquidation. If the
initial Business Combination is not completed within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units
held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and
the Private Placement Warrants may expire worthless. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s
directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing,
the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s
discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a
price of per unit. The units and the underlying securities would be identical to the Private Placement Units and the underlying
securities of such Private Placement Units, except as described herein. At September 30, 2024, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

Administrative Service Fee 

Commencing on August 6,
2024, the Company agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of for office space, utilities, secretarial support
and administrative support. This arrangement will terminate upon completion of a Business Combination or the distribution of the Trust
Account to the public shareholders. As of September 30, 2024, the Company incurred in fees for these services, of which such
amount is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheet. 

In addition, the Sponsor,
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
Business Combinations. The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor,
officers or directors, of the Company or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made from
working capital or funds held outside the Trust Account. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The over-allotment option has expired since
the close of the Initial Public Offering. 

The underwriter is entitled to the Base Fee of per Unit sold
in the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate. Of such per unit payable as the Base Fee, per Unit, or 
in the aggregate, was paid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering (with paid in cash and used to purchase
the Underwriter Private Placement Units), and per unit, or in the aggregate, is payable to the underwriter in cash in
twelve equal monthly installments of approximately each beginning on the first month anniversary of the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. An over-allotment fee, if any, is payable in cash upon each closing of the underwriter s over-allotment option.
The over-allotment has expired and is no longer payable. 

14 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. The deferred fee will be payable to the underwriter upon the closing of a Business Combination in three portions,
as follows: (i) per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering shall be paid to the underwriter in cash, (ii) up to 
per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering shall be paid to the underwriter in cash, based on the funds remaining in the Trust Account
after giving effect to Public Shares that are redeemed in connection with a Business Combination and (iii) per Unit sold in
the base offering, plus per Unit per unit sold pursuant to the underwriter s over-allotment option, shall be paid to the
underwriter in cash (such aggregate amount, the Allocable Amount ), provided that, after completion of the Initial Public
Offering and the underwriter s receipt of of the Base Fee and an over-allotment fee (if any), the Company has the right, in
its sole discretion, not to pay all or any portion of the Allocable Amount to the underwriter and to use the Allocable Amount for expenses
in connection with a Business Combination. The over-allotment has expired and is no longer payable. 

preference shares with
a par value of per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s
Board of Directors. At September 30, 2024, there are no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 

The Company is authorized to issue 
Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote
for each share. At September 30, 2024, there are Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

On May 22, 2024, the Company issued Class A ordinary
shares to each of its non-executive director nominees Class A ordinary shares in total) in connection with their nomination
as a director of the Company. These issuances were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act. The issuance of the Class A ordinary shares to the Company s director nominees is within the scope of FASB ASC
Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with
equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Company estimated the fair value of the issued Class A ordinary
shares to the Company s director nominees to be approximately based upon the price of the Founder Shares received by the Sponsor.
These Class A ordinary shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation
expense related these Class A ordinary shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable
accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered
probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the
date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination). 

Class B Ordinary Shares 

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary
shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for
each ordinary share. At September 30, 2024, there are Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. shares
were forfeited as the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in full. The over-allotment option has expired since
the close of the Initial Public Offering. 

The Class B ordinary
shares issued to the Sponsor will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of the initial
Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the
total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A
ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed
issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or
to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Units issued to the Sponsor upon conversion
of Working Capital Loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption
of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the
Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. Any Class A ordinary shares
received as a result of such a conversion will not be eligible for redemption. 

15 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Equity: 

Fair value of Public Warrants for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption allocation 
 3 

The over-allotment option was initially accounted for as a liability
in accordance with ASC 815-40 and was presented within liabilities on the condensed balance sheet. The over-allotment liability is measured
at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis. The over-allotment option has expired since the close of the Initial Public Offering. 

The Company used a Black-Scholes model to value
the over-allotment option. The over-allotment option liability was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement
dates due to the use of unobservable inputs inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected
life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary share based on historical volatility that matches
the expected remaining life of the option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant
date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the option. The expected life of the option is assumed to be equivalent
to their remaining contractual term. 

16 

EQV VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Exercise price 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Daily treasury yield curve 

The fair value of Public Warrants was determined
using a Black-Scholes model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement
after issuance. 

Exercise price 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Market probability risk factor 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References in this report
(the Quarterly Report to we, us, our or the Company refer to EQV
Ventures Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and
directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to EQV Ventures Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the
Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Quarterly Report
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are not historical facts
and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially
from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Business Combination
are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be
accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the
Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on April 15, 2024 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business Combination with one or more businesses or entities
(the Business Combination ). While we will not be limited to a particular industry or sector in our identification and acquisition
of a target company, we intend to focus our search for a target business in the broadly defined energy industry, primarily targeting
the upstream exploration and production sector. 

On August 8, 2024, we consummated our initial public offering (the
 Initial Public Offering of 35,000,000 units (the Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 350,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of (i) 400,000 units, each consisting
of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Sponsor Private Placement Units ), at a price
of 10.00 per Sponsor Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 4,000,000, and (ii)
262,500 units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Underwriter Private Placement
Units, and together with the Sponsor Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Units ), at a price of 10.00
per Underwriter Private Placement Unit in a private placement to BTIG, LLC BTIG ), generating gross proceeds of 2,625,000. 

We have not yet selected
any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Sponsor Private Placement Units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to
incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination
will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from April 15, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024
were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target
company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination.
Subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, we generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held
in the trust account (the Trust Account ). We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

18 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 2,961,354, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account
of 2,695,023 and change on over-allotment liability 598,539 offset by general and administrative costs of 332,208. 

For the period from April
15, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 2,914,438, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities
held in Trust Account of 2,695,023 and change on over-allotment liability 598,539 offset by general and administrative costs of 379,124. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our only source
of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans
from the Sponsor. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 875,919 in cash and a working capital of 195,431. 

On August 8, 2024, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 35,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 350,000,000. Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 400,000 Sponsor Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00
per Sponsor Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,000,000, and 262,500 Underwriter Private Placement Units, at a price
of 10.00 per Underwriter Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,625,000. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (net, with respect
to interest income, of permitted withdrawals (as defined herein)), to complete our Business Combination. We are permitted to withdraw
10 of the interest earned on the trust account to fund our working capital requirements and/or to pay our taxes, and such withdrawals
can only be made from interest and not from the principal held in the trust account permitted withdrawals ). To the extent
that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. As of September 30, 2024, 150,288 of the Trust Account balance can be withdrawn for working
capital expenses. 

We intend to use the funds
held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target
businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or
owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a
Business Combination. 

In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers
and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans (the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination
entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units and the underlying securities would be identical to the Private Placement Units and
the underlying securities of such Private Placement Units. 

We do not believe we will
need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the
costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant
number of the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue
additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations,
assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased
any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of
the Sponsor a monthly fee of 30,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative support. This arrangement will
terminate upon completion of a Business Combination or the distribution of the Trust Account to the public shareholders. 

The underwriter was entitled
to 0.15 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 5,250,000 in the aggregate (the Base Fee ). Of such 0.15 per
unit payable as the Base Fee, 0.132 per Unit, or 4,625,000 in the aggregate, was paid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering
(with 2,000,000 paid in cash and 2,625,000 used to purchase the Underwriter Private Placement Units), and 0.018 per unit, or 625,000
in the aggregate, is payable to the underwriter in cash in twelve equal monthly installments of approximately 52,000 each beginning
on the first month anniversary of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An over-allotment fee, if any, is payable in cash upon
each closing of the underwriter s over-allotment option. The over-allotment has expired and is no longer payable. 

19 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of condensed
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Making estimates
requires management to exercise significant judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its
estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

The Public Shares contain a redemption feature that allows for the
redemption of such Public Shares in connection (i) with our liquidation, (ii) if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection
with the initial Business Combination and (iii) with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.
In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), conditionally redeemable
Class A Ordinary Shares (including Class A Ordinary Shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder
or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. Ordinary
liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the
provisions of ASC 480. Although we did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association provides that we currently will only redeem our Public Shares. However, the threshold in the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus Public Shares are required to
be disclosed outside of permanent equity. We recognize change in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value
of redeemable Ordinary Shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional
paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. 

Net Income Per Ordinary Share 

We have two classes of shares: the (i) redeemable and non-redeemable
Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) Class B Ordinary Shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net
income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of Ordinary Shares outstanding for the period. The
calculation of diluted income per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering
since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based
on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

20 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for the Initial Public
Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously
disclosed in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024 in connection with the Initial Public Offering. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

Unregistered Sales 

On May 22, 2024, the Company issued 40,000 Class A ordinary
shares to each of its non-executive director nominees (160,000 Class A ordinary shares in total) in connection with their nomination
as a director of the Company. These issuances were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act. At September 30, 2024, there are 3,822,500 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

On August 8, 2024, the Company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 35,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 350,000,000. The securities
sold in the Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280048).
The SEC declared the registration statement effective on August 6, 2024. 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of (i) 400,000 Sponsor Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00
per Sponsor Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 4,000,000, and (ii) 262,500 Underwriter
Private Placement Units in a private placement to BTIG, generating gross proceeds of 2,625,000. The foregoing issuances were made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds 

In connection with the Initial
Public Offering, we paid a total of 19,093,523, consisting of 5,250,000 of cash underwriting fee, 12,250,000 of deferred underwriting
fee, and 1,593,523 of other offering costs. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the proceeds of the
sale of the Sponsor Private Placement Units, an aggregate of 350,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units are held in the Trust Account and invested as described
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering and the private placements as is described in the Company s final prospectus related to the Initial
Public Offering. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

21 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of,
or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 Underwriting Agreement among the Company and BTIG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024). 
 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024). 
 
 10.1 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Underwriter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024) . 
 
 10.4 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the
 Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024). 
 
 10.5 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor, BTIG and certain other
 equity holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024). 
 
 10.6 
 Letter Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024). 
 
 10.7 
 Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-42207)
filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024) . 
 
 10.8 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-280048), filed on July 24, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

These certifications
 are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section
 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the
 Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the
requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EQV
 VENTURES ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jerome Silvey 

Name: 
 Jerome Silvey 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

Date:
 November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tyson Taylor 

Name: 
 Tyson
 Taylor 

Title: 
 President,
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022000201ex31-1_eqvvent.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jerome Silvey, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EQV Ventures Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Jerome Silvey 

Jerome Silvey 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022000201ex31-2_eqvvent.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Tyson Taylor, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EQV Ventures Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Tyson Taylor 

Tyson
 Taylor 

President,
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022000201ex32-1_eqvvent.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of EQV
Ventures Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jerome Silvey, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Jerome Silvey 

Jerome Silvey 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022000201ex32-2_eqvvent.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of EQV
Ventures Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Tyson Taylor, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Tyson Taylor 

Tyson
 Taylor 

President,
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 eqvu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 eqvu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 eqvu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 eqvu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 eqvu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

