<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1441236_0001504337-24-000053.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6332982</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>77555</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1205070</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2182432</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1461037</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1289848</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001504337-24-000053.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104161039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001504337-24-000053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clearwater Paper Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001441236
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAPERBOARD MILLS [2631]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				203594554
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34146
		FILM NUMBER:		241423611

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 WEST RIVERSIDE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			SPOKANE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		509.344.5900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 WEST RIVERSIDE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			SPOKANE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			99201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Potlatch Forest Products CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001504337-24-000053.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 clw-20240930.htm
 10-Q

clw-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding as of November 3, 2024 was . 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Our disclosure and analysis in this report contains, in addition to historical information, certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the recent sale of our consumer products division (our tissue business), our acquisition of a paperboard manufacturing facility and associated business; accounting standards; our operations and expectations; current and anticipated borrowing and credit facilities; cash flows; capital expenditures; disclosure controls; compliance with our loan and financing agreements; tax rates; debt repayments; operating costs; selling, general and administrative expenses; liquidity; benefit plan funding levels; stockholder equity; interest expenses; and legal proceedings. Words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, target, project, believe, schedule, estimate, may, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections that are subject to change. Our actual results of operations may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Important factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in operating results include those risks discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K, as well as the following: 
 there may be unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the recent consumer products division (tissue business) sale transaction; 
 there may be stockholder litigation in connection with the recent consumer products division sale transaction or the acquisition of the Augusta, Georgia paperboard manufacturing facility or other settlements or investigations may affect the timing or occurrence of the recent consumer products sale transaction or result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability; 
 our inability to realize the expected benefits of the Augusta, Georgia paperboard manufacturing facility acquisition because of integration difficulties or other challenges; 
 risks relating to the integration of the Augusta, Georgia paperboard manufacturing facility and achievement of anticipated financial results and other benefits of the acquisition; 
 competitive pricing pressures for our products, including as a result of capacity additions, demand reduction and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on the pricing of products globally; 
 changes in the United States and international economies and in general economic conditions in the regions and industries in which we operate; 
 cyclical industry conditions; 
 manufacturing or operating disruptions, including equipment malfunctions and damage to our manufacturing facilities; 
 the loss of, changes in prices in regard to, or reduction in, orders from a significant customer; 
 changes in the cost and availability of wood fiber and wood pulp; 
 changes in energy, chemicals, packaging and freight costs and disruptions in transportation services impacting our ability to receive inputs or ship products to customers; 
 reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers, vendors and service providers required for the production of our products and our operations; 
 changes in customer product preferences and competitors' product offerings; 
 labor disruptions; 
 cyber-security risks; 
 larger competitors having operational, financial and other advantages; 
 consolidation and vertical integration of converting operations in the paperboard industry; 
 our ability to execute on our growth and expansion strategies and other strategic initiatives; 
 our ability to successfully execute capital projects and other activities to operate our assets, including effective maintenance, implement our operational efficiencies and realize higher throughput or lower costs; 
 IT system disruptions and IT system implementation failures; 
 changes in expenses, required contributions and potential withdrawal costs associated with our pension plans; 
 environmental liabilities or expenditures and climate change; 
 our ability to attract, motivate, train and retain qualified and key personnel; 
 our ability to service our debt obligations and restrictions on our business from debt covenants and terms; 
 changes in our banking relations, or in our customer supply chain financing; 
 negative changes in our credit agency ratings; and 
 changes in laws, regulations or industry standards affecting our business. 
 Forward-looking statements contained in this report present management s views only as of the date of this report. Except as required under applicable law, we do not intend to issue updates concerning any future revisions of management s views 

to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. 

Table of Contents Page Number PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 29 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 30 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 30 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 31 
 Signatures 
 32 

Part I: Financial Information 
 
 ITEM 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 CLEARWATER PAPER CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (In millions, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of allowance for current expected credit losses Inventories, net Other current assets Current assets of discontinued operations Total current assets Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill and intangible assets, net Other assets, net Long-term assets of discontinued operations Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current liabilities of discontinued operations Total current liabilities Long-term debt Liability for pension and other postretirement employee benefits Deferred tax liabilities and other long-term obligations Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value per share, authorized shares, 
 shares issued 
 Common stock, par value per share, authorized shares, 
 and shares issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

CLEARWATER PAPER CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 

Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per-share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Costs and expenses: Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Other operating charges, net ) Total operating costs and expenses Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other non-operating income Total non-operating expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income (loss) ) Net income (loss) per common share: Income (loss) per share from continuing operations - basic ) ) Income per share from discontinued operations - basic Net income (loss) per share - basic ) Income (loss) per share from continuing operations - diluted ) ) Income per share from discontinued operations - diluted Net income (loss) per share - diluted ) Average shares of common stock used to compute net income (loss) per share (in thousands): Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

CLEARWATER PAPER CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited) 

Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive loss: Defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefits: Amortization of actuarial gain included in net periodic cost, net of immaterial tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

CLEARWATER PAPER CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Equity-based compensation expense Deferred taxes ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement employee benefits ) ) Amortization of deferred debt costs Loss on sale or impairment associated with assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding the effects of acquired business: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable ) Increase in inventories ) ) Decrease in other current assets Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other, net ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities Investing activities Additions to property, plant and equipment, net 1 
 ) ) Acquisition of business ) Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Borrowings on long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds received 
 
 1 million and million that have not been paid as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 were excluded from the Statements of Cash Flows. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

CLEARWATER PAPER CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity (In millions, except share amounts which are in thousands) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) Net income Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares under stock plans, net ) ) Pension and other postretirement employee benefits, net of immaterial tax ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 ) Net income Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares under stock plans, net ) ) Pension and other postretirement employee benefits, net of immaterial tax ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) Net income Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares under stock plans, net ) ) Pension and other postretirement employee benefits, net of immaterial tax ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 

6 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity (In millions, except share amounts which are in thousands) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) Net income Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares under stock plans, net ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 
 ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares under stock plans, net Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) Net income Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of shares under stock plans, net Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Clearwater Paper Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1 
 8 

Note 2 
 
 Note 3 
 Inventories, net Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Other assets, net Total assets acquired Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Long-term debt ) ) Other long-term obligations ) ) Total liabilities assumed ) ) Net assets acquired Goodwill ) Total estimated fair value of net assets acquired 
 As reflected in the previous table, we updated the purchase price allocation for the Augusta acquisition based on third-party valuation reports we received during the third quarter of 2024 to update the fair value of property, plant and equipment acquired with a corresponding change to goodwill. 
 9 

million of Net Sales and million of Net Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 associated with this acquisition. 
 The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 combines our results and the unaudited results of the Augusta operations for the corresponding periods. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information assumes that the Augusta Acquisition, which closed on May 1, 2024, was completed on January 1, 2023. The pro forma consolidated financial information has been calculated after applying our accounting policies and includes adjustments to reduce previous recorded amortization expense, fair value adjustments for acquired inventory, property, plant and equipment and operating leases. The impact to depreciation expense was de minimis due to the valuation step up being offset by increased useful lives. These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of our operating results that would have been achieved had the Augusta Acquisition actually taken place on January 1, 2023. In addition, these results are not intended to be a projection of future results and do not reflect events that may occur after the Augusta Acquisition, including but not limited to revenue enhancements, cost savings or operating synergies that we may achieve as a result of the Augusta Acquisition. 
 
 Net income (loss) ) 

Note 4 
 billion in cash, subject to adjustments for debt and transaction expenses. Accordingly, financial results included in this document report the consumer products division as discontinued for all periods presented. Below is a reconciliation of line items constituting pre-tax income from discontinued operations to the after-tax income from discontinued operations as reported on our Consolidated Statement of Operations: 
 Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Other operating charges, net Income from discontinued operations Other non-operating expense ) ) ) ) Total non-operating expense ) ) ) ) Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Income tax provision Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 
 10 

Loss on sale or impairment associated with assets 
 
 The carrying amounts of major components of assets and liabilities included as part of discontinued operations are as follows: 
 Inventories, net Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets, net Total assets of discontinued operations Liabilities of discontinued operations: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Long-term debt Liability for pension and other postretirement employee benefits Deferred tax liabilities and other long-term obligations Total liabilities of discontinued operations Net assets of discontinued operations 646.2 676.8 
 
 Operating and investing cash flows of the discontinued operation are presented in the following table: 
 Net cash used in investing activities of discontinued operations ) ) 

11 

Note 5 
 Pulp Other 
 Receivables consist of: 
 Allowance for current expected credit losses ) ) Unbilled receivables Taxes receivable Other 
 
 Note 6 
 Pulp Paperboard products Materials and supplies 
 
 Note 7 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 

12 

Note 8 
 
 Recognized goodwill Amortization ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Intangible assets consisted of million customer relationships. Outstanding definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives of years. 
 The gross book value and accumulated amortization of definite lived intangible assets at September 30, 2024 was million and million. The gross book value and accumulated amortization of definite lived intangible assets at December 31, 2023 was million and million. 
 
 Note 9 
 Accrued compensation Operating lease liabilities Other 
 Included in "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" are million and million related to capital expenditures that had not yet been paid as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 We maintain a program with a financial institution to provide our vendors with an option to receive payment earlier than our standard payment terms. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of outstanding obligations under this program were included in "Other" in the table above. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, unrecognized tax benefits, including associated interest, of million and million were included in "Other" in the table above. 
 
 Note 10) Income tax provision (benefit) - continuing operations ) Effective rate Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Income tax provision - discontinued operations Effective rate 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an income tax benefit of million on loss from continuing operations before taxes of million compared to a provision of million on income from continuing operations of million in the same period in 2023. Our effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 
 13 

primarily due to the effects of changes in state valuation allowances, nondeductible compensation and interest related to uncertain tax provisions offset by federal and state return to provision adjustments. The tax provision has been allocated to discontinued operations based upon a blended federal and state statutory rate. 

Note 11 
 ) ) Term Revolving Facility under Term Loan Credit Agreement maturing 2029, variable interest rate Farm Credit Term Loan Facility under Term Loan Credit Agreement maturing 2031, variable interest rate ) Commercial Bank Term Loan Facility under Term Loan Credit Agreement, maturing 2029, variable interest rate ) 2020 Notes, maturing 2028, fixed interest rate ) ) Revolving loan facility under ABL Credit Agreement, maturing 2027, variable interest rate Finance leases Total debt ) ) Less: current portion ) ) Net long-term portion ) ) 
 
 TERM CREDIT AGREEMENTS 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment and restatement of our Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2023, with AgWest Farm Credit, PCA, as administrative agent, and several lenders (as so amended and restated, the Term Credit Agreement ). 
 After giving effect to the amendment and restatement, the credit facilities provided under the Term Credit Agreement consist of (i) a term revolver loan commitment in the amount of million (the Term Revolver Facility ), million of which was borrowed on October 27, 2023 and million of which was borrowed on May 1, 2024, (ii) a term loan commitment in the amount of million (the Farm Credit Term Loan Facility ), which was fully borrowed on May 1, 2024 and (iii) a term loan commitment in the amount of million (the Commercial Bank Term Loan Facility and together with the Farm Credit Term Loan Facility, collectively, the Term Loan Facilities ), which was fully borrowed on May 1, 2024. 
 We may increase commitments under the Term Revolver Facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million, subject to obtaining commitments from participating lenders. The Term Credit Agreement matures on the earlier of (i) in the case of the Term Revolver Facility and the Commercial Bank Term Loan Facility, May 1, 2029, (ii) in the case of the Farm Credit Term Loan Facility, May 1, 2031 and (iii) and subject to springing maturity 91 days prior to the maturity of 
 14 

million to million, million of which was borrowed as of September 30, 2024 and million of which was utilized for outstanding but undrawn letters of credit. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the currently applicable covenants associated with the Term Credit Agreement and the ABL Credit Agreement. 
 The fair value of our debt is included in the following table: 
 2020 Notes, maturing 2028, fixed interest rate Term Revolver Facility under Term Credit Agreement, maturing 2029, fixed interest rate Term Revolver Facility under Term Credit Agreement, maturing 2029, variable interest rate Commercial Bank Term Loan Facility under Term Credit Agreement, maturing 2029, variable interest rate Revolving loan facility under ABL Credit Agreement, maturing 2027, variable interest rate 
 15 

Note 12 
 Integration costs Loss on sale or impairment associated with assets Directors' equity-based compensation expense ) ) Other ) 
 2024 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we recorded 0.3 million of income in "Other operating charges, net." The main components of the income include: 
 expense of million associated with acquisition activities (primarily legal and professional services); 
 expense of million associated with integration activities (primarily professional services); 
 loss of million associated with the impairment of property, plant and equipment; and 
 income of million relating to directors' equity-based compensation which is remeasured each period based upon changes in our stock price. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we recorded million of expense in "Other operating charges, net." The main components of the expense include: 
 expense of million associated with acquisition activities (primarily legal and professional services); 
 expense of million associated with integration activities (primarily professional services); 
 loss of million associated with the impairment of property, plant and equipment; and 
 expense of million relating to directors' equity-based compensation which is remeasured each period based upon changes in our stock price. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we recorded million of expense in "Other operating charges, net." The main components of the expense include: 
 expense of million associated with acquisition activities (primarily legal and professional services); 
 expense of million associated with integration activities (primarily professional services); and 
 expense of million relating to directors' equity-based compensation which is remeasured each period based upon changes in our stock price. 
 2023 
 During the third quarter of 2023, we recorded million of expense in "Other operating charges, net." The main components of the expense include: 
 expense of million relating to directors' equity-based compensation which is remeasured each period based upon changes in our stock price; 
 During the second quarter of 2023, we recorded million of income in "Other operating charges, net." The components of the income include: 
 reversal of expense of million relating to directors' equity-based compensation which is remeasured each period based upon changes in our stock price. 
 During the first quarter of 2023, we recorded million of income in "Other operating charges, net." The components of the expense include: 
 reversal of expense of million relating to directors' equity based compensation which is remeasured each period based upon changes in our stock price. 
 16 

Note 13) ) ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs and accretion of debt discount ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Non-operating pension and other postretirement employee benefits Total non-operating expense ) ) ) ) 
 
 Note 14 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Net periodic cost ) ) 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Other Postretirement Employee Benefit Plans 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Amortization of actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Net periodic cost 
 
 million and million to "Cost of sales" and million and million to "Selling, general, and administrative expenses." For the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded million and million to "Cost of sales" and million and million to "Selling, general, and administrative expenses." 
 17 

Note 15) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Note 16 
 million shares were available for future issuance under our current plan.) Income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation ) Impact on cash flow from proceeds on options exercised Impact on cash flow due to taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 
 At September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to outstanding restricted stock unit awards, of which 2.5 million was related to the consumer products division. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we granted restricted stock units (time vesting) at an average grant date fair value of per share and restricted stock units (performance vesting) at an average grant date fair value of per share. 
 18 

Note 17 
 Incremental shares due to: Stock-based awards Performance shares Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Shares excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share were million and 0.4 million for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2023 as they were either antidilutive (not in-the-money) or the required performance conditions were not met. 

Note 18 
 million in insurance proceeds, of which million was related to business interruption insurance and million was related to reimbursable costs. Proceeds of million, associated with continuing operations, were recorded within "Cost of sales" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and million related to property, plant and equipment. Proceeds associated with discontinued operations were million. 
 
 Note 19 
 billion, subject to post-closing adjustments. As part of the transaction, we entered into a Transition Services Agreement, pursuant to which we will provide certain services of a transitional nature to Sofidel, a Lease Agreement, pursuant to which we will lease the portion of the land and facilities on which CPD operates at the Lewiston, Idaho facility to Sofidel, and a Services and Use Agreement, pursuant to which we will provide certain services to Sofidel in connection with the ongoing operations at Sofidel's manufacturing facilities located in Lewiston, Idaho. The lease term shall be five years with certain renewal rights for a maximum of ten years. In connection with the closure of the sale, we used the net proceeds to pay off all outstanding debt excluding 2020 Notes. 
 On October 31, 2024, Clearwater Paper's Board of Directors approved a new 100 million share repurchase authorization, allowing the Company to opportunistically repurchase shares in addition to offsetting the dilution from employee share grants. This authorization replaces the Company s previous authorization. The timing and amount of any repurchases of common stock will be solely at the discretion of the Company and is subject to general business and market conditions, as well as other factors. The authorization permits the Company to make repurchases of its common stock from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, including accelerated share repurchase transactions and the use of Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The authorization has no expiration date. 
 
 19 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included herein and our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as the information under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations that are part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 In connection with the anticipated sale of the consumer products division, we have reported the related assets and liabilities, and the financial results as discontinued operations in our Consolidated Financial Statements for all periods presented. See "Note 4, Discontinued Operations" of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 OVERVIEW 
 Executive Summary 
 We recorded net sales of 393.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 278.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. We recorded a net loss from continuing operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of 10.7 million, or 0.64 per diluted share, compared to income from continuing operations of 14.9 million or 0.88 per diluted share for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. We recorded Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of 20.2 million compared to 32.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 We recorded an increase of 15 in net sales to 1.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 867.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We recorded loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 54.4 million, or 3.27 per diluted share, compared to income from continuing operations of 51.4 million or 3.01 per diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We recorded Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 25.9 million compared to 107.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires our management to select and apply accounting policies that best provide the framework to report our results of operations and financial position. The selection and application of those policies requires management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments concerning reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. As a result, it is possible that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. 
 For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in our Annual Report except as discussed below. 
 Business Acquisitions 
 Acquisitions 
 We apply the principles provided in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 805, Business Combinations , to determine whether an acquisition involves an asset or a business. In determining whether an acquisition should be accounted for as a business combination or asset acquisition, we first determine whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets. If this is the case, the single identifiable asset or the group of similar assets is accounted for as an asset acquisition. If this is not the case, we then further evaluate whether the single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets and activities includes, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. If so, the transaction is accounted for as a business combination. 
 We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting which requires that (i) identifiable assets acquired (including identifiable intangible assets) and liabilities assumed generally be measured and recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date and (ii) the excess of the purchase price over the estimated net fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized as goodwill, which is not amortized for accounting purposes but is subject to testing for impairment at least annually. We measure and recognize asset acquisitions that are not deemed to be business combinations based on the cost to acquire the assets. Goodwill is not recognized in an asset acquisition with any 
 20 

consideration in excess of net assets acquired allocated to acquired assets on a relative estimated fair value basis. Transaction costs are expensed in a business combination and transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition are considered a component of the cost of the acquisition in an asset acquisition. See Note 3, "Business Acquisition," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this report for additional information. 
 NON-GAAP MEASURES 
 In evaluating our business, we utilize several non-GAAP financial measures. A non-GAAP financial measure is generally defined by the SEC as one that purports to measure historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows, but excludes or includes amounts that would not be so excluded or included under applicable GAAP guidance. In this report on Form 10-Q, we disclose overall and segment earnings from operations before interest expense, net, non-operating pension and other post employment benefit costs, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, other operating charges, net, and debt retirement costs as Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations is not a substitute for the GAAP measure of net income or for any other GAAP measures of operating performance. 
 We have included Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations on a consolidated basis in this report because we use it as an important supplemental measure of our performance and believe that it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested persons in the evaluation of companies in our industry, some of which present Adjusted EBITDA when reporting their results. We use Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations to evaluate our performance as compared to other companies in our industry that have different financing and capital structures and/or tax rates. It should be noted that companies calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently and, therefore, our Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations measure may not be comparable to Adjusted EBITDA reported by other companies. Our Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations measure has material limitations as a performance measure because it excludes interest expense, net, income tax (benefit) expense and depreciation and amortization which are necessary to operate our business or which we otherwise incur or experience in connection with the operation of our business. In addition, we exclude other income and expense items which are outside of our core operations. 
 The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations for the periods presented and a reconciliation to net income (loss). 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 5.8 36.6 (2.8) 90.1 Add (deduct): Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 16.6 21.7 51.6 38.8 Income (loss) from continuing operations (10.7) 14.9 (54.4) 51.4 Income tax provision (benefit) (3.3) 3.7 (17.4) 16.7 Interest expense, net 13.1 2.2 24.0 7.9 Depreciation and amortization 21.7 10.2 47.6 30.3 Inventory revaluation on acquired business 6.8 Other operating charges, net (0.3) 1.7 20.3 1.1 Other non-operating income (0.3) (0.1) (1.0) (0.3) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 20.2 32.6 25.9 107.1 
 21 

OPERATING RESULTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 The below financial information reflects reclassifications from previously reported information based upon discontinued operations. Historically, the Company has shown certain intercompany pulp costs as offsets as they represent intercompany transactions between the consumer products division and the pulp and paperboard manufacturing operations. Based upon discontinued operations treatment, such transfers of pulp and other inputs have been recast to Net Sales on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 change 2024 2023 change Net sales 393.3 278.9 41 996.5 867.4 15 Cost of sales 363.2 228.3 59 935.1 702.6 33 Gross margin 30.1 50.7 (41) 61.4 164.9 (63) Selling, general and administrative expenses 31.6 28.3 12 90.0 88.0 2 Other operating charges, net (1) 
 (0.3) 1.7 (116) 20.3 1.1 1762 Income (loss) from continuing operations (1.2) 20.7 (106) (48.9) 75.7 (165) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 20.2 32.6 (38) 25.9 107.1 (76) 
 (1) See Note 12, "Other operating charges," of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this report for additional information. 
 SALES 
 Sales increased 41 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year and 15 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due the inclusion of the Augusta operations (see Note 3 Business Acquisition in our Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements). This increase was driven by higher sales volume offset by decreases in sales prices due to previously announced price decreases and changes in our product mix. 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Nine months Ended September 30, Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 2023 change 2024 2023 change Paperboard shipments (short tons) 314,320 187,944 67.2 774,207 563,502 37.4 Paperboard sales price (per short ton) 1,192 1,350 (11.7) 1,223 1,401 (12.7) 
 COST OF SALES 
 Cost of sales increased 59 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year and 33 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due the inclusion of the Augusta operations volume. During the third quarter of 2024, we continued to see higher fiber, chemical and energy costs associated with impacts of our planned major maintenance outage at our Lewiston, Idaho facility which occurred during the second quarter of 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, cost of sales increased due to the inclusion of the Augusta operations volume, although with lower input costs for fiber, chemicals and energy due to reduced inflation. 
 GROSS MARGIN 
 Gross margin declined 41 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year and 63 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to previously announced price decreases and higher costs due to our planned major maintenance outage at our Lewiston, Idaho facility offset by lower input costs due to reduced inflation. 
 22 

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 12 the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year and 2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase between periods is primarily related to higher wages and benefits related to additional sales costs associated with the Augusta acquisition partially offset by lower incentives due to lower operational performance. 
 OTHER OPERATING CHARGES 
 See Note 12, "Other operating charges," of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this report for additional information. 
 OVERALL 
 Operating income from continuing operations and Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations decreased for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same periods in the prior year due to lower sales prices, the impacts of our planned major maintenance outage at our Lewiston, Idaho facility, higher sales and marketing costs and acquisition and integration costs associated with the Augusta acquisition, partially offset by lower input costs due to reduced inflation. 
 OPERATING RESULTS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 Retail sales volumes in our consumer products division increased for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to the increased demand for private label versus branded products. Retail sales prices decreased in our consumer products division for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year due to changes in our product mix and reductions resulting from contract pricing indexed to certain cost inputs. 
 Operating income and Adjusted EBITDA increased for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year predominately due to higher volumes offset by lower sales prices and higher input costs. The increase in operating income and Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year was driven by lower input costs, primarily in pulp, freight and energy costs. 
 Potential impairments 
 We review from time to time possible dispositions or reorganization of various assets in light of current and anticipated economic and industry conditions, our strategic plan and other relevant factors. Because a determination to dispose or reorganize particular assets may require management to make assumptions regarding the transaction structure of the disposition or reorganization and to estimate the net sales proceeds, which may be less than previous estimates of undiscounted future net cash flows, we may be required to record impairment charges in connection with decisions to dispose of assets. 
 23 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are existing cash, cash generated by our operations and our ability to borrow under such credit facilities as we may have in effect from time to time. At times, we may also issue equity, debt or hybrid securities or engage in other capital market transactions. Due to the competitive and cyclical nature of the markets in which we operate, there is uncertainty regarding the amount of cash flows we will generate during the next twelve months. However, we believe that our cash flows from operations, our cash on hand and our borrowing capacity under our credit agreements will be adequate to fund debt service requirements and provide cash to support our ongoing operations, capital expenditures and working capital needs for the next twelve months. 
 Our principal uses of liquidity are paying the costs and expenses associated with our operations, servicing outstanding indebtedness and making capital expenditures. We may also from time to time prepay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness or shares or acquire assets or businesses that are complementary to our operations. Any such repurchases may be commenced, suspended, discontinued or resumed, and the method or methods of affecting any such repurchases may be changed at any time or from time to time without prior notice. 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 96.5 million compared to net cash flows provided by operating activities of 125.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was driven by lower operating performance and higher interest payments related to the debt incurred associated with the Augusta acquisition. Accounts receivable and accounts payable agings as of September 30, 2024 have remained relatively consistent with balances as of December 31, 2023. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities for nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 791.8 million compared to 48.5 million in the same period of the prior year. This amount includes 708.2 million associated with the acquisition of a paperboard manufacturing facility and associated business, located in Augusta, Georgia. Included in "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" on our Consolidated Balance Sheets was 25.5 million and 16.5 million related to unpaid capital expenditures at September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 During 2024, we expect cash paid for capital expenditures to be approximately 100 million to 120 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , net cash provided by financing activities was 688.9 million . We received net proceeds of 753.5 million from the issuance of long-term debt related to the business acquisition and to cover short term cash requirements. We used 4.9 million for debt issuance costs, 6.0 million to repurchase stock, and repaid debt of 50.9 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , net cash used for financing activities was 20.7 million . We used 15.1 million to repurchase stock though our share repurchase program and 4.7 million in connection with income tax withholding requirements associated with our employee stock-based compensation plans. Additionally, we borrowed and repaid 12.0 million on our ABL Credit Agreement to cover short term cash requirements. 
 Term Credit Agreement and ABL Credit Agreement 
 The Company is a party to a Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2023, with AgWest Farm Credit, PCA, as administrative agent, and several lenders, as amended and restated on May 1, 2024 (as so amended and restated, the Term Credit Agreement that consists of the following facilities: (i) a term revolver loan commitment in the amount of 270 million (the Term Revolver Facility ), 150 million of which was borrowed on October 27, 2023 and 120 million of which was borrowed on May 1, 2024, (ii) a term loan commitment in the amount of 400 million (the Farm Credit Term Loan Facility ), which was fully drawn on May 1, 2024 and (iii) a term loan commitment in the amount of 90 million (the Commercial Bank Term Loan Facility and together with the Farm Credit Term Loan Facility, collectively, the Term Loan Facilities ), which was fully drawn on May 1, 2024. We may also increase commitments under the Term Revolver Facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 60 million, subject to obtaining commitments from any participating lender and certain other conditions. 
 The lending commitment under the Term Revolver Facility is subject to an annual reduction of 2 of the commitments then in effect. The Term Credit Agreement matures and the lending obligations under the Term Revolver Facility terminate on the earlier of (i) in the case of the Term Revolver Facility and the Commercial Bank Term Loan Facility, May 1, 2029, (ii) in the case of the Farm Credit Term Loan Facility, May 1, 2031 and (iii) and the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity of the Company s 4.750 senior notes due 2028 (the 2020 Notes ), unless during such period of time the outstanding principal amount of the 2020 Notes plus 50 million is less than the sum of our available borrowing liquidity and unrestricted cash. 
 
 24 

We may, at our option, prepay and reborrow any borrowings under the Term Revolver Facility, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time without premium or penalty (other than prepayments of the initial advance on the Term Revolver Facility of 150 million to the extent made prior to November 1, 2024 and in certain other circumstances). In addition, we must make mandatory prepayments of principal under the Term Revolver Facility upon the occurrence of certain asset sales. We are required to repay a percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the borrowings under the Term Loan Facilities in quarterly installments on the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing on the first day of the third full fiscal quarter after May 1, 2024. We may prepay any borrowings under the Term Loan Facilities, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time without premium or penalty. In addition, we must make mandatory prepayments of principal under the Term Loan Facilities upon the occurrence of certain specified events, including certain asset sales, debt issuances not permitted under the Term Credit Agreement, and of 50 of our quarterly excess cash flows, less any voluntary prepayments of the Term Loan Facilities. 
 Under the Term Revolver Facility and the Farm Credit Term Loan Facility, loans generally may bear interest based on the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) or the agent s fixed rate, as applicable, plus, in each case, an applicable margin that (i) prior to repayment in full of the Term Loan Facilities, may vary between 2.25 per annum and 4.75 per annum based on our consolidated leverage ratio (as defined under and calculated in accordance with the Term Credit Agreement) and (ii) with respect to the Term Revolver Facility and after payment in full of the Term Loan Facilities, is 3.65 per annum. In the case of the 150 million borrowing disbursed under the Term Revolver Facility on October 27, 2023, the Company previously selected a one-year fixed rate loan bearing interest at an all-in interest rate of 9.13 . Under the Commercial Bank Term Loan Facility, loans generally may bear interest based on SOFR or a base rate, as applicable, plus, in each case, an applicable margin that (x) in the case of SOFR loans, may vary between 1.75 per annum and 4.25 per annum based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio and (y) in the case of base rate loans, may vary between 0.75 per annum and 3.25 per annum, in each case, based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. 
 Until our consolidated leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.25 to 1.00 and our debt to capitalization ratio is less than or equal to 60 , in each case, for four consecutive fiscal quarters (or as of the end of a quarter, if earlier, if a disposition is consummated which results in indebtedness being reduced by at least 200 million) we must maintain the following financial covenants under the Term Credit Agreement: (i) a maximum consolidated leverage ratio not greater than (x) commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending at least fifteen (15) months after May 1, 2024 and until the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the first fiscal quarter ending at least twenty-four (24) months after May 1, 2024, 4.50 to 1.00, and (y) commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending at least twenty-four (24) months after May 1, 2024 and thereafter, 4.00 to 1.00; and (ii) a minimum current ratio (as defined under and calculated in accordance with Term Credit Agreement) not less than 1.25 to 1.00. In addition, until the Commercial Bank Term Loan Facility is paid in full, we must maintain a maximum debt to capitalization ratio no greater than (1) commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending after May 1, 2024 and until the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the first fiscal quarter ending at least twenty-four (24) months after May 1, 2024, 70 , (2) commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending at least twenty-four (24) months after May 1, 2024 and until the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to the first fiscal quarter ending at least forty-eight (48) months after May 1, 2024, 65 , and (3) commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending at least forty-eight (48) months after May 1, 2024 and thereafter, 60 . 
 The Company is also party to a Credit Agreement, dated July 26, 2019, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and several lenders, as amended on May 1, 2024 (as so amended, the ABL Credit Agreement that includes a 375 million revolving loan commitment, subject to borrowing base limitations. The revolving commitments terminate, and the ABL Credit Agreement matures, on November 7, 2027. Borrowings under the ABL Credit Agreement are subject to mandatory prepayment in certain circumstances. We may also increase commitments under the ABL Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of up to 100 million, subject to obtaining commitments from any participating lenders and certain other conditions. We may, at our option, prepay and reborrow any borrowings under the ABL Credit Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time without premium or penalty (except in certain circumstances). 
 Under the ABL Credit Agreement, loans may bear interest based on SOFR or an annual base rate, as applicable, plus, in each case, an applicable margin that is based on availability, as calculated under the ABL Credit Agreement that may vary from 1.25 per annum to 1.75 per annum in the case of SOFR loans and 0.25 per annum to 0.75 per annum in the case of annual base rate loans. In addition, a commitment fee based on unused availability is also payable which may vary from 0.25 per annum to 0.375 per annum. 
 The ABL Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant, which requires us to maintain a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.10x to 1.00x, provided that the financial covenant under the ABL Credit Agreement is only applicable during an event of default or if availability, as calculated under the ABL Credit Agreement, is at any time less than or equal to the greater of (i) 10.0 of the lesser of the borrowing base and the maximum 375 million of current revolving loan commitments and (ii) 25 million. 
 
 25 

The obligations under the Term Credit Agreement and the ABL Credit Agreement are secured by liens on substantially all of our personal property assets and each of our domestic subsidiaries that are guarantors. 
 Both the Term Credit Agreement and the ABL Credit Agreement contain customary representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default (including with respect to a change of control). 
 At September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the currently applicable covenants associated with our Term Credit Agreement and our ABL Credit Agreement, and based on our current financial projections, we expect to remain in compliance. However, if our financial position, results of operations or market conditions deteriorate, we may not be able to remain in compliance. There can be no assurance that we will be able to remain in compliance with our Term Credit Agreement, our ABL Credit Agreement or other credit agreements. 
 
 26 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no significant developments with regard to our exposure to market risk for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. For a discussion of certain market risks to which we may be exposed, see Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

27 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) have carried out, with the participation of our Disclosure Committee and management, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act). Based upon this evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file under the Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 28 

Part II 
 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We may from time to time be involved in claims, proceedings and litigation arising from our business and property ownership. We believe, based on currently available information, that the results of such proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 CERCLA/EPCRA Reporting: 
 In November 2023, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) alleged that the Company had violated the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) and Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act (EPCRA) by failing to timely report certain chlorine releases that occurred at the Company s facility in Lewiston, Idaho in 2019, 2020, and 2021 to the National Response Center and State Response Center. Although the Company reported each of the releases to the respective response centers, the EPA alleged that the Company should have reported sooner. In June 2024, the Company, without admitting any wrongdoing, settled the matter with the EPA and agreed to pay a 322,088 civil penalty. 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 Except as set forth below, there are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, entitled Risk Factors. 
 RISKS RELATING TO THE SALE OF OUR CONSUMER PRODUCTS DIVISION (OUR TISSUE BUSINESS) 
 The completed divestiture may disrupt our remaining business or not achieve its intended benefits. 
 On July 21, 2024, we entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and an Asset Purchase Agreement with Sofidel America Corp. Sofidel ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Sofidel S.p.A., pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to sell our consumer products division to Sofidel. The transaction closed on November 1, 2024. A number of risks and challenges may arise from the divestiture, including, among others: 
 there may be unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the divestiture; and 
 there may be stockholder litigation in connection with the divestiture or other settlements or investigations may affect the timing or occurrence of the Tissue Divestiture or result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability. 
 In addition, the Tissue Divestiture could cause disruption in our remaining business, including potential adverse changes to relationships with customers, employees, suppliers or other parties resulting from the divestiture process. The Tissue Divestiture may also be disruptive to our regular operations, diverting the attention of our workforce and management team from the day-to-day operation of our business, making the execution of business and other potential strategies more difficult, and could result in increased undesired workforce turnover, including of key leaders or other personnel. 
 Even if we are successful at separating and divesting our Tissue Business, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits from the Tissue Divestiture with respect to the anticipated performance of our remaining business. The Tissue Divestiture may result in continued financial exposure to the Tissue Business through the retention of certain liabilities, including, for example, with respect to certain environmental claims. The Tissue Divestiture may not enhance long-term stockholder value as anticipated and/or the efforts required to complete the divestiture process may be more costly or time-consuming than expected. Any of the foregoing could result in the imposition of obligations that could have a material adverse effect on our remaining business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 29 

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 On December 15, 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 100 million of our common stock. The repurchase program authorizes purchases of our common stock from time to time through open market purchases, negotiated transactions or other means, including accelerated stock repurchases and 10b5-1 trading plans in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. We have no obligation to repurchase stock under this program and may suspend or terminate the program at any time. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 22,000 50.01 22,000 2.3 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 22,000 37.66 22,000 1.5 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 20,000 30.16 20,000 0.8 Total 64,000 39.56 64,000 
 
 Shares of common stock withheld as payment of withholding taxes and exercise prices in connection with the vesting or exercise of equity awards are not required to be disclosed under Item 703 of Regulation S-K and accordingly are excluded from the amounts in the table above. 

ITEM 5. Other Information. 
 of our officers or directors adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each is defined in Item 408(a) of regulation S-K. 
 30 

ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or are incorporated by reference in, this report: 
 Incorporated by Reference EXHIBIT EXHIBIT DESCRIPTION Filed herewith? Form Exhibit No. Date Filed 31 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350. 
 X 2.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated July 21, 2024, by and between Clearwater Paper Corporation and Sofidel America Corp. 
 8-K 2.1 July 22, 2024 2.2 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 21, 2024, by and between Clearwater Paper Corporation and Sofidel America Corp. 
 8-K 2.2 July 22, 2024 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 34-47986, the certifications furnished in Exhibit 32 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Certain schedules, annexes and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of such schedules, annexes and exhibits, or any section thereof, to the SEC upon request. 

31 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CLEARWATER PAPER CORPORATION (Registrant) November 4, 2024 By: /s/ ARSEN S. KITCH Arsen S. Kitch President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) November 4, 2024 By: /s/ SHERRI J. BAKER Sherri J. Baker Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 32 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31q3-24.htm
 EX-31

Document 

Exhibit (31) 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Arsen S. Kitch, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Clearwater Paper Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s ARSEN S. KITCH Arsen S. Kitch President and Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION 
 I, Sherri J. Baker, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Clearwater Paper Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s SHERRI J. BAKER Sherri J. Baker Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32q3-24.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit (32) 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Arsen S. Kitch, President and Chief Executive Officer of Clearwater Paper Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s ARSEN S. KITCH Arsen S. Kitch President and Chief Executive Officer November 4, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sherri J. Baker, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Clearwater Paper Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s SHERRI J. BAKER Sherri J. Baker Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer November 4, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 clw-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 clw-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 clw-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 clw-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 clw-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

