<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241219_10-K-A_edgar_data_1397795_0001213900-24-110489.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3233604</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70635</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>549854</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1090112</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>593881</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>796125</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-110489.hdr.sgml : 20241219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241219135807
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-110489
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Born, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001397795
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT SERVICES [8741]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				204682058
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-143630
		FILM NUMBER:		241562167

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 MAGNOLIA AVENUE
		CITY:			DAYTONA BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		386-944-2660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 MAGNOLIA AVENUE
		CITY:			DAYTONA BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUTURE INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TECHS LOANSTAR, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070426

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-110489.txt : 20241219

10-K/A
 1
 ea0214106-10ka2_borninc.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K /A2 

Amendment
No. 2 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 

Commission file number: 

f/k/a Quture International, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive office) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the last 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registration statement was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates on October 31, 2019, was . 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: shares as of December 18, 2024. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 2 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 2 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 2 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 2 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 2 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 3 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 4 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 4 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 5 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 5 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 5 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 6 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 6 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 6 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 7 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 9 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 10 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 11 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 11 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 12 

Signatures. 
 13 

i 

Explanatory Note 

Born Inc. f/k/a Quture International,
Inc. is filing this comprehensive annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ending April 30, 2020, and 2019 (the Comprehensive
Annual Report as part of its effort to become current in its filing obligations under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ). This Comprehensive Annual Report is our first periodic filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC since the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2013. Included in this
Comprehensive Annual Report are our audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2020, and 2019, which have not
been previously filed with the SEC. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Comprehensive Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such
as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, could, should, 
 would, may, seek, plan, might, will, pursue, 
 expect, predict, project, goals, strategy, future, 
 likely, forecast, potential, continue, negatives thereof or similar references
to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding future acquisition
or merger targets, business strategies, macro-economic and sector-specific trends, future cash flows, financing plans, plans and
objectives of management, and any other statements which are not statements of historical facts. 

Forward-looking statements are neither
historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions
regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and
other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks
and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual future results
and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not
rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition
to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, inability to successfully conclude
acquisitions of target companies or assets which are reasonably capable of generating positive cash flow in the near future, legal
and regulatory changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, volatility or decline in our stock price, potential fluctuation
of our quarterly and annual financial and operational results, rapid adverse changes in markets, decline in demand for our goods
and services, insufficient revenues to cover our operating costs and such other factors as discussed in the sections Business 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within this Comprehensive
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except as required by applicable law, including
the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results. 

All references in this Comprehensive Annual
Report on Form 10-K to the Company, QUTR, Quture , we, Born , us 
or our are to Born Inc. f/k/a Quture International, Inc. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Born Inc. f/k/a Quture, Inc. Quture
International, Inc, Quture , Born or the Company ), is a Nevada corporation, was formed in April 2011 to become
an emerging healthcare knowledge solution company created to transform health and healthcare by developing the standard in measuring
clinical performance and outcomes. The Company developed medical software with tools and analytics intended to reduce costs while improving
clinical performance, outcomes, predictive insight, and evidence-based best clinical processes 

On August 10, 2011, holders of a majority
of the Registrant s outstanding Common Stock voted to amend the Registrant s Articles of Incorporation to increase
the number of its authorized shares of capital stock from 900,000,000 shares to 2,510,000,000 par value 0.001 shares (the Amendment of which (a) 2,500,000,000 shares were designated as Common Stock and (b) 10,000,000 shares were designated as blank check preferred
stock. 

During the period from March 22, 2013 through
December 26, 2019, the Company was dormant. 

On December 27, 2019, Custodian Ventures,
LLC, an entity controlled by David Lazar was appointed by the Nevada Court as the custodian of Born Inc. f/k/a Quture. On December 31,
2019, Mr. Lazar became the only Director and Officer of the Company also acting as its President, Treasurer and Secretary. 

On April 5, 2020, the Company granted Mr.
Lazar 10,000,000 preferred shares with super voting rights of 21,000,000,000 common shares 

The Company s accounting year-end
is April 30. 

Competitive Business Conditions and
Strategy; Our Position in the Industry 

The Company has been a dormant
shell company since approximately 2013 and under new management is currently seeking investment opportunities. 

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Agreements
or Contracts 

The Company does not own or license any
registered intellectual property. 

Research and Development 

The Company engages in no research and
development activities. 

Employees 

The Company has no employees. 

Reports to Security Holders 

The public may read and copy any materials
filed with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains
reports and other electronic information regarding Born Inc. f/k/a Quture International, Inc. and filed with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

1 

Smaller Reporting Company Status 

We also qualify as a smaller reporting
company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, which is defined as, among other possible qualifications, a company with a
public equity float of less than 250 million. To the extent that we remain a smaller reporting company at such time as are no
longer an emerging growth company, we will still have reduced disclosure requirements for our public filings, some of which are
similar to those of an emerging growth company, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As a smaller reporting company, 
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Anchorage s principal business and corporate
address is 3445 Lawrence Avenue, Oceanside, NY 11572. The telephone number at our corporate address is +1 (646) 768-8417. Other than
this mailing address, Born Inc. f/k/a Quture International, Inc. does not currently maintain any physical or other office facilities,
and we do not anticipate the need for maintaining office facilities at any time in the foreseeable future. The Company pays no rent or
other fees for the use of the mailing address as this address is used virtually full-time by activities of a shareholder of the Company. 

We do not currently have any investments
or other interests in any real estate, nor do we have investments or an interest in any real estate mortgages or securities of
persons engaged in real estate activities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not involved in any pending legal
proceeding nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

2 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our Common Stock is not traded on any exchange
but is currently available for trading in the over-the-counter market and is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets operated by the OTC
Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol QUTR. Trading in stocks quoted on these markets is often thin and is characterized
by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company s operations or business
prospects. 

Over the counter securities are not listed
or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, these securities transactions are conducted
through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. Over the counter issuers are traditionally smaller companies
that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 

The SEC also has rules that regulate broker/dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price
of less than 5.00 (other than securities listed on certain national exchanges, provided that the current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in that security is provided by the applicable exchange or system). The penny stock rules require
a broker/dealer, before effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in
the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker/dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market
value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson
compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing before effecting the transaction, and must be given
to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. These disclosure requirements may have the effect
of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for shares of our Common Stock. As a result of these rules, investors
may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

Set forth below are the range of high and
low bid quotations for the periods indicated as reported by the OTC Markets Group. The market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 July 31, 2019 
 0.0007 
 0.0004 
 
 October 31, 2019 
 0.0007 
 0.0004 
 
 January 31, 2020 
 0.0014 
 0.0002 
 
 April 30, 2020 
 0.0011 
 0.0004 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 July 31, 2018 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 
 
 October 31, 2018 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 
 
 January 31, 2019 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 
 
 April 30, 2019 
 0.0005 
 0.0005 

On July 17, 2020, the closing price of
our Common Stock as reported by the OTC Markets was 0.0010 per share. 

As of July 1, 2020, there were approximately
187 stockholders of record and an aggregate of 2,486,076,963 shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding. 10,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock are authorized and outstanding. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company does not anticipate paying
dividends on our Common Stock at any time in the foreseeable future. Our Board of Directors currently plans to retain any earnings
for the development and expansion of the Company s business. Any future determination as to the payment of dividends will
be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors including future earnings, capital requirements,
financial conditions, and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

We do not have in effect any compensation
plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance and we do not have any outstanding stock options. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

On December 27, 2019, Custodian Ventures,
LLC, an entity controlled by David Lazar was appointed by the Nevada Court as the custodian of Born Inc, f/k/a Quture. On December 31,
2019, Mr. Lazar became the only Director and Officer of the Company also acting as its President, Treasurer and Secretary. 

On April 5, 2020, the Company granted Mr.
Lazar 10,000,000 preferred shares with super voting rights of 21,000,000,000 common shares. Other than the issuance described in
this paragraph, the Company did not issue or sell any equity securities during the period of time from the end of the fiscal year
ended April 30, 2020, until the date of filing this Comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3 

Purchase of Equity Securities by the
Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not purchase any of our shares of
Common Stock or other securities during our fiscal years ended April 30, 2020, and 2019. 

Description of Securities and Certain
Rights of Holders of Common Stock 

The Company has authorized 2,500,000,000
shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock both with a par value of 0.001. As of April 30, 2020, and April
30, 2019, respectively, there were 2,486,076,963 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

The 10,000,000 Preferred Shares which were
granted to Mr. Lazar on April 5, 2020 carried super voting rights of 21,000,000,000 common shares. The issuance of the preferred stock
resulted in a non-cash charge of 21,000,000 and was recorded as stock-based compensation related party on the Company s Statements
of Operations. 

Holders of our Common Stock: 

have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available, therefore, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, 

are entitled to share in all of our assets available for distribution to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, and 

do not have preemptive, subscription, or conversion rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. 

Holders of shares of our Common Stock do
not have cumulative voting rights, meaning that the holders of the majority of the outstanding shares, voting for the election
of Directors, can elect all of the Directors to be elected, and, in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be
able to elect any of our Directors. 

Historically, we have not paid any cash
dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and
will depend upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other
pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest
earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

As a smaller reporting company, 
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview 

For an overview of the business of the
Company, please refer within this Comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K to Part I, Item 1 Business ). 

Going Concern 

Our financial statements accompanying this
Report have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. We have a minimal operating history and minimal revenues or earnings from operations. We have
no significant assets or financial resources. We will, in all likelihood, sustain operating expenses without corresponding revenues
for the immediate future. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements, and Supplementary Data. 

4 

Plan of Operation 

We have been dormant since March 2013.
As of the date of this Report, we intend to engage in what we believe to be synergistic acquisitions or joint ventures with a company
or companies that we believe will enhance our business plan. There are no assurances we will be able to consummate any acquisitions
using our securities as consideration, or at all. Numerous things will need to occur to allow us to implement this aspect of our
business plan and there are no assurances that any of these developments will occur, or if they do occur, that we will be successful
in fully implementing our plan. 

Limited Operating History; Need for
Additional Capital 

We cannot guarantee we will be successful
in our business operations. We have not generated any revenue since inception. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the
establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to the price and
cost increases in supplies and services. 

If we are unable to meet our needs for
cash from either our operations, or possible alternative sources, then we may be unable to continue, develop, or expand our operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The financial statements and Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to the Financial Statements on page F-1 and
included on pages F-2 through F-12, immediately following the signature page of this Comprehensive Annual Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Appointment of new independent
registered public accounting firm 

On September 1, 2024, the Company
approved the engagement of Beckles Co., Inc. of West Palm Beach, Florida as our new independent registered public accounting
firm to audit and review the Company s financial statements. 

5 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Evaluation
Date ). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of the Evaluation
Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective such that the information relating to us required to be disclosed
in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company s
former management abandoned all operations for several years, and only recently did the Company appoint new management to make
filings with the SEC on behalf of the Company. 

Management s Annual Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our Company has been dormant since
March 2013. As a result our management did not conduct an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of April 30, 2020, and April 30, 2019 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). without such an evaluation,
our management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2020, based
on the COSO framework criteria, as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation
of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be
material weaknesses. 

The matters involving internal controls
and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the PCAOB were: (1) lack of a functioning
audit committee, (2) lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board of Directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the
establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (3) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with
control objectives; (4) complete lack of management of the company from March 2013 until December 2019; and (5) lack of disclosure
controls. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive and Financial Officer in connection with
the review of our financial statements as of April 30, 2020. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses
set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results because the activity during this period was nominal. However, management
believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside Directors on our Board of Directors
results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could
result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

This Comprehensive Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report which was not filed was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm
pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers from the internal control audit requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the years ended April 30, 2020 and 2019 that have materially affected or
are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

None. 

6 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

All Directors of the Company hold office
until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of
the Company are appointed by the Board of Directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. The
Directors and Executive Officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position Held with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 David Lazar 
 
 President, CEO, Treasurer, CFO, Secretary, sole Director 
 
 29 
 
 December 31, 2019 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account of the
education and business experience during at least the past five years of each current Director, Executive Officer and key employee
of the Company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the
organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. 

Mr. David Lazar , 29, is a private
investor with business experience. Mr. Lazar has been a partner at Zenith Partners International since 2013, where he specializes
in research and development, sales and marketing. From 2014 through 2015, David was the Chief Executive Officer of Dico, Inc.,
which was then sold to Peekay Boutiques. Since February of 2018, Mr. Lazar has been the managing member of Custodian Ventures LLC,
where he specializes in assisting distressed public companies. Since March 2018, David has acted as the managing member of Activist
Investing LLC, which specializes in active investing in distressed public companies. David has a diverse knowledge of financial,
legal and operations management, public company management, accounting, audit preparation, due diligence reviews and SEC regulations.
David Lazar is also the sole officer and director of Melt, Inc. and Zhongchai Machinery, Inc., both of which are blank check companies.
His expertise includes early-stage company capital restructuring, debt financing, capital introductions, and mergers and acquisitions.
Mr. Lazar was selected to serve as a director due to his knowledge of the capital markets, his judgment in assessing business strategies
and accompanying risks, and his expertise with smaller reporting companies. Mr. Lazar and his affiliates have not, within the past
five years, filed any bankruptcy petition, been convicted in or been the subject of any pending criminal proceedings, or is any
such person the subject or any order, judgment or decree involving the violation of any state or federal securities laws. 

Employment Agreements 

We have no formal employment agreement
with David Lazar who is our sole employee, Directors or officer. 

Family Relationships 

None. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None of our Directors, Executive Officers,
promoters or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past 10 years: 

1. A petition under the Federal bankruptcy
laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court
for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before
the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an Executive Officer at or within two years
before the time of such filing; 

2. Such person was convicted in a criminal
proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses; 

7 

3. Such person was the subject of any order,
judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i. 
 Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, Director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity 

ii. 
 Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii. 
 Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4. Such person was the subject of any order,
judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section,
or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5. Such person was found by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment
in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. Such person was found by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities
law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated; 

7. Such person was the subject of, or a
party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. 
 Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. 
 Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. 
 Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. Such person was the subject of, or a
party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined
in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Code of Ethics 

As of the date of filing, the Company has
not adopted a corporate code of ethics. The Company has never adopted a corporate code of ethics, and the new management of the
Company has not yet made plans to formulate such a code. 

8 

Board and Committee Meetings 

Our Board of Directors currently consists
of one member, Mr. David Lazar. The Board of Directors held no formal meetings during the year ended April 30, 2020. Until the
Company develops a more comprehensive Board of Directors, all proceedings will be conducted by resolutions consented to in writing
by all the Directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by
the Directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the Directors are, according to the Nevada General Corporate
Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the Directors duly called and held. 

Nomination Process 

During the year ended April 30, 2020, we
did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors.
Our Board of Directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any Director candidates recommended by our shareholders.
Our Board of Directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the
qualifications of each candidate when the Board of Directors considers a nominee for a position on our Board of Directors. If shareholders
wish to recommend candidates directly to our Board of Directors, they may do so by sending communications to the President of our
Company at the address on the cover of this Comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit Committee 

Currently the Company does not have an
Audit Committee. The Company intends to appoint audit, compensation and other applicable committee members as it identifies individuals
with pertinent expertise. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Our Board of Directors does not have a
member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K.
The Company intends to appoint audit, compensation and other applicable committee members as it identifies individuals with pertinent
expertise. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The particulars of the compensation paid
to the following persons: 

(a) 
 our Principal Executive Officer; 

(b) 
 each of our two most highly compensated Executive Officers who were serving as Executive Officers at the end of the year ended April 30, 2020, and 

(c) 
 up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our Executive Officer at the end of the year ended April 30, 2020. 

who we will collectively refer to as the
named Executive Officers of the Company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is
provided for any named Executive Officer, other than the Principal Executive Officers, whose total compensation did not exceed
 100,000 for the respective fiscal year. 

9 

2020 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 David Lazar, 
 2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 President, CEO, Treasurer, CFO, Secretary, Director 
 2019 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 G. Landon Feazell, 
 2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Former President, Former CEO, Former CFO, and Former Director 
 2019 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

There are no arrangements or plans in which
we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for Directors or Executive Officers. Our Directors and Executive Officers may
receive share options at the discretion of our Board of Directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing
plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our Directors or Executive Officers, except that share
options may be granted at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

There were no grants of plan-based awards
during the year ended April 30, 2020. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year End 

There were no outstanding equity awards
at the year ended April 30, 2020. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

During our fiscal year ended April 30,
2020, there were no options exercised by our named officer. 

Compensation of Directors 

We do not have any agreements for compensating
our Directors for their services in their capacity as Directors. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit
Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which
we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for Directors or Executive Officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing
plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our Directors or Executive Officers, except that stock
options may be granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth, as of April
30, 2020 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common shares, as well as by each of our current Directors and Executive Officers as
a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated.
Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise indicated. 

Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of
a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or
otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment
power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially
owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition,
shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise
of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any
person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only
such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in
this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares
of Common Stock actually outstanding on April 30, 2020. As of April 30, 2020, there were 2,486,076,963 shas of our company s
Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

10 

Amount and 

Nature 

of Beneficial 
 Percentage 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Ownership 
 of
 Class (1) 
 
 David Lazar (2) 
 10,000,000 (3) 
 89.4 

Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (1 person) 
 10,000,000 (3) 
 89.4 

5 or greater shareholders 

David Lazar (2) 
 10,000,000 (3) 
 82.8 
 
 STARSLIDE GLOBAL HOLDINGS COMPANY, LLC.(4) 
 1,055,873,655 
 42.471 
 
 STARSLIDE GLOBAL HOLDINGS COMPANY, LLC.(5) 
 235,000,000 
 9.453 

(1) 
 Percentages are calculated based on 2,486,076,963 shares of the Company s Common Stock issued and outstanding on April 30, 2020. 
 
 (2) 
 Address at 3445 Lawrence Avenue, Oceanside, NY 11572. 
 
 (3) 
 David Lazar holds super-voting Preferred Shares with voting rights of 21,000,000,000 common shares 
 
 (4) 
 6296 SOUTH RIDGEWOOD AVE., PORT ORANGE FL 32127. G. Landon
 Feazell control person. 

(5) 
 4707 SOUTH ATLANTIC AVENUE, POUNCE INLET FL 32127. G. Landon
 Feazell control person. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Mr. Lazar, the Company s Court-appointed
custodian is considered a related party. During the year ended April 30, 2020, he extended 42,560 in interest free demand loans
to the Company. 

Director Independence 

The Company does not have a separately
designated nominating committee of our Board of Directors. None of our directors is deemed to be independent, as such term is defined
in the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. Nasdaq ). 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and
Services. 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

April 30, 
 April 30, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Audit Fees 
 7,000 
 0 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 7,000 
 0 

Our Board of Directors pre-approves all
services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors
either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

Our Board of Directors has considered the
nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated
to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 

11 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules 

The following exhibits are included as
part of this report: 

Exhibit 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and Amendments, as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State. 
 
 SB-2 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/8/2007 

3.2 
 
 Certificates of Amendment 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 7/21/2020 

3.3 
 
 Motion for Custodianship 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 7/21/2020 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Reinstatement 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.4 
 
 7/21/2020 

3.5 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 SB-2 
 
 3.2 
 
 6/8/2007 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Rule 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

12 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. 

Born, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Dated:
 December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David
 Lazar 

David Lazar 

President, CEO 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David Lazar 

David Lazar 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Lazar 

David Lazar 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Dated:
 December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ David
 Lazar 

David Lazar 

Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

13 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Born, Inc f/k/a Quture International, Inc.. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Born, Inc. as of April 30, 2020 and April 30, 2019, the related statements of operations, stockholders (deficit), and cash flows
for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2020 and April 30,
2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements, taken as a whole 10 , and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

No matters identified in the audit were considered
to be critical audit matters. 

/S/ 

Beckles Co. Inc. (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2024 

December 18, 2024 

F- 1 

BORN, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

April 30, 
 April 30, 

2020 
 2019 

(Restated) 
 (Restated) 
 
 ASSETS 

Total Assets 
 - 
 
 - 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes payable -related party 
 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, zero issued 

- 

Common stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding of shares as of April 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated (deficit) 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) 
 - 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

BORN, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended 

April 30, 
 April 30, 

2020 
 2019 

(Restated) 

Operating Expenses: 

Stock based compensation -related party 
 
 - 

Administrative expenses -related party 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) from operations 

Other income: 

Gain on the extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Income (loss) 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

BORN, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended 

April 30, 
 April 30, 

2020 
 2019 

(Restated) 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Stock based compensation related party 
 
 - 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Gain on the extinguishment of debt 

Accounts payable 
 - 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from related party loans 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash 
 - 
 
 - 

Cash At The Beginning Of The Period 
 - 
 
 - 

Cash At The End Of The Period 
 - 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

BORN, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2020
AND APRIL 30, 2019 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, April 30, 2018 
 - 
 
 - 

Extinguishment of related party debt 

Net income 

April 30, 2019 (Restated) 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of preferred stock 

Net loss 

April 30, 2020 (Restated) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

BORN, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2020
AND 2019 

shares to par value shares (the Amendment of which (a) shares were designated as Common Stock and (b) shares were designated as blank check preferred
stock. 

During the period from March 22, 2013 through
December 26, 2019, the Company was dormant. 

On December 27, 2019, Custodian Ventures,
LLC, an entity controlled by David Lazar was appointed by the Nevada Court as the custodian of Born Inc. f/k/a Quture. On December 31,
2019, Mr. Lazar became the only Director and Officer of the Company also acting as its President, Treasurer and Secretary. 

On April 5, 2020, the Company granted Mr.
Lazar preferred shares with super voting rights of common shares 

The Company s accounting year-end
is April 30. 

F- 6 

percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company assesses
the validity of its conclusions regarding uncertain tax positions quarterly to determine if facts or circumstances have arisen
that might cause it to change its judgment regarding the likelihood of a tax position s sustainability under audit. 

F- 7 

shares of Common Stock and shares of Preferred Stock both with a par value of . As of April 30, 2020, and April
30, 2019, respectively, there were shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, and shares of Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Preferred Shares which were
granted to Mr. Lazar on April 5, 2020 carried super voting rights of common shares. The issuance of the preferred stock
resulted in a non-cash charge of and was recorded as stock-based compensation related party on the Company s Statements
of Operations. 

and shareholders deficit of . 

Because the Company does not expect that existing
operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative
sources of financing. The Company is currently being funded by David Lazar who is extending interest free demand loans to the Company.
Historically, the Company has raised capital through private placements, as an interim measure to finance working capital needs and may
continue to raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or other securities and obtaining some short-term loans. The Company
will be required to continue to so until its operations become profitable. Also, the Company has, in the past, paid for consulting services
with its common stock to maximize working capital, and intends to continue this practice where feasible. 

in interest free demand loans to the Company. 

F- 8 

BORN INC. 

- 

Notes, convertible notes, lines of credit payable to
 former related parties, net of discount 

- 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses to former related parties 

- 

Derivative liability 

- 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, zero issued 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding of shares as of April 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively 
 
 - 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings (deficit) 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

F- 9 

BORN INC. 

Total operating expenses 
 - 

(Loss) from operations 

Gain from the extinguishment of debt 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 
 - 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 

- 

Net (Loss) 

Basic and diluted earnings(loss) per common share 
 - 

- 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

F- 10 

BORN INC. 

Gain on the extinguishment of debt 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

- 
 
 Accounts payable 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash 

Cash At The Beginning Of The Period 

Cash At The End Of The Period 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Notes, convertible notes, lines of credit payable to
 former related parties, net of discount 

- 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses to former related
 parties 

- 

Notes payable -related party 
 
 - 

Derivative liability 

- 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, zero issued 

Common stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding of shares as of April 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings (deficit) 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders 
 (Equity) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

F- 11 

F- 12 

Adjustment resulting from: 

Nondeductible expenses 
 
 - 

Valuation Allowance 

Income tax (benefit) expense 
 - 
 
 - 

Valuation Allowance 

Total Non-Current Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities) 
 - 
 
 - 

As of April 30, 2020,
the Company had federal, and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately with no expiration date to use these
credits, that are available to offset future liabilities for income taxes. The Company has generally established a valuation allowance
against these carryforwards based on an assessment that it is more likely than not that these benefits will not be realized in future
years. The Company has reviewed the scheduled reversals of the deferred tax assets and its projected taxable income in conjunction with
the changes in tax laws enacted and determined a valuation allowance is required at April 30, 2020. The April 30,2020 results of operations
include an a valuation allowance of approximately . We established the valuation allowance based on the weight of available evidence,
both positive and negative, including results of recent and current operations and our estimates of future taxable income or loss by
jurisdiction in which we operate. In order to determine the amount of deferred tax assets or liabilities, as well as the valuation allowances,
we must make estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income, and other business considerations. Changes in these estimates
and assumptions, including changes in tax laws and other changes impacting our ability to recognize the underlying deferred tax assets,
could require us to adjust the valuation allowances. The Company has not undertaken an analysis of Section IRS Section 382 and cannot
determine at this time whether the NOL will be subject to limitations due to a change in control. The Company will continue to evaluate
the realizability of its deferred tax assets based on its expectation of future taxable income and other relevant factors. 

F-13 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021410601ex31-1_borninc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Lazar, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A2 of Born, Inc. f/k/a Quture International,
 Inc. (the Registrant ): 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Lazar 

David
 Lazar 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021410601ex31-2_borninc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF 

 PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Lazar, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A2 of Born, Inc. f/k/a Quture International,
 Inc. (the Registrant ): 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Lazar 

David
 Lazar 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021410601ex32-1_borninc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Born,Inc. f/k/a Quture International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K/A2 for the year
ended April 30, 2020 (the Report ), I, David Lazar, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Lazar 

David
 Lazar 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 brrn-20200430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 brrn-20200430_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 brrn-20200430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 brrn-20200430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 brrn-20200430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

