<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_917491_0000917491-24-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6658543</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101644</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1270318</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2295152</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1526915</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1334570</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000917491-24-000021.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106162029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000917491-24-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FARO TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000917491
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				593157093
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23081
		FILM NUMBER:		241431336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 TECHNOLOGY PARK
		CITY:			LAKE MARY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32746-6204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4073339911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FARO TECHNOLOGIES INC
		STREET 2:		125 TECHNOLOGY PARK
		CITY:			LAKE MARY
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32746

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000917491-24-000021.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 faro-20240930.htm
 10-Q

faro-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 . 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 
 There were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of November 4, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 INDEX 
 PAGE PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 a) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 b) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 4 
 c) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 5 
 d) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 6 
 e) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 7 
 
 f) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 34 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 34 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 34 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 36 
 SIGNATURES 
 37 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 (unaudited) December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Service and sales demonstration inventory, net Deferred income tax assets, net Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Current portion of unearned service revenues Customer deposits Lease liabilities Total current liabilities Loan - Convertible Senior Notes 
 Unearned service revenues - less current portion Lease liabilities - less current portion Deferred income tax liabilities Income taxes payable - less current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies - See Note 13 , shares authorized; and issued, respectively; and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock in treasury, at cost - and shares held, respectively 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales Product Service Total sales Cost of sales Product Service Total cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Research and development Restructuring costs Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) ) Other (income) expense Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) Income (loss) before income tax ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - Basic ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - Diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted average shares - Basic Weighted average shares - Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Currency translation adjustments, net of income taxes ) ) ) Net unrealized loss on short-term investments ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from: Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Inventory write-downs Asset impairment charges Deferred income tax (benefit) and other non-cash charges 
 ) ) Provision for excess and obsolete inventory Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Loss on disposal of assets ) Provisions for bad debts, net of recoveries Change in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease (Increase) in: Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets (Decrease) Increase in: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Income taxes payable ) Customer deposits ) Unearned service revenues ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Maturity of short-term investments Cash paid for technology development, patents and licenses ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities: Payments on finance leases ) ) Cash settlement of equity awards ) Repurchases of common stock ) Proceeds from issuance of Convertible Senior Notes, due 2028, net of discount, issuance cost and accrued interest 
 Repayment of Convertible Senior Notes, due 2028 
 ) Payment of contingent consideration for business acquisition ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Common Stock in Treasury Common Stock (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amounts Total BALANCE JANUARY 1, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustment ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes BALANCE MARCH 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustment ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) BALANCE JUNE 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustment Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes BALANCE SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Common Stock in Treasury Common Stock Retained Earnings (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amounts Total BALANCE JANUARY 1, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustment Stock-based compensation Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes BALANCE MARCH 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on short-term investment Stock-based compensation Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) BALANCE JUNE 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on short-term investment ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes BALANCE SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 FARO TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 
 
 NOTE 1 

NOTE 2 
 . 
 
 NOTE 3 
 The condensed consolidated results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2024, or any future period. 
 The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the interim condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. The accompanying December 31, 2023 condensed consolidated balance sheet has been derived from those audited consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Service Total cost of sales Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Research and development ) Total operating expenses Total stock-based compensation 
 
 NOTE 4 
 
 NOTE 5 
 Product transferred to customers over time Total product sales 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Service transferred to customers over time Total service sales 
 
 The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the billing addresses of our customers: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total sales to external customers Americas (1) 
 EMEA (1) 
 APAC (1) 

(1) Regions represent North America and South America (the Americas Europe, the Middle East, and Africa EMEA and Asia-Pacific APAC ). 
 For revenue related to our measurement and imaging equipment and related software, we allocate the contract price to performance obligations based on our best estimate of the standalone selling price. We make this allocation estimate utilizing data from the sale of our applicable products and services to customers separately in similar circumstances. Revenue related to our measurement and imaging equipment and related software is generally recognized upon shipment from our facilities or when delivered to the customer location, as determined by the agreed upon shipping terms, at which time we are entitled to payment and title and control has passed to the customer. Software arrangements generally include short-term maintenance that is considered post-contract support PCS ), which is considered to be product transferred to the customer over time and a separate performance obligation. We generally establish a standalone sales price for this PCS component based on our maintenance renewal rate. Maintenance renewals are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the maintenance agreement. Payments for products and services are collected within a short period of time following transfer of control or commencement of delivery of services, as applicable. 
 Further, customers frequently purchase extended hardware service contracts with the purchase of measurement equipment and related software. Hardware service contracts are considered a performance obligation when services are transferred to a customer over time, and, as such, we recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over the contractual term. Hardware service contracts include contract periods that extend between to . 
 We capitalize commission expenses related to deliverables transferred to a customer over time and amortize such costs ratably over the term of the contract. As of September 30, 2024, the deferred cost asset related to deferred commissions was approximately million. For classification purposes, million and million are comprised within the Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other long-term assets, respectively, on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 . As of December 31, 2023, the deferred cost asset related to deferred commissions was approximately million. For classification purposes, million and million were comprised within the Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other long-term assets, respectively, on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million and million of revenue that was deferred on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized million and million of revenue that was deferred on our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
 The nature of certain of our contracts gives rise to variable consideration, primarily related to an allowance for sales returns. We are required to estimate the contract asset related to sales returns and record a corresponding adjustment to Cost of sales. Our allowance for sales returns for each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was less than million. 
 Shipping and handling fees billed to customers in a sales transaction are recorded in Product Sales and shipping and handling costs incurred are recorded in Cost of sales. We exclude from Sales any value-added sales and other taxes that we collect concurrently with revenue-producing activities. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total 
 
 Current period provision for expected credit losses, net of recoveries Charge-offs of amounts previously expensed ) ) Ending balance of the allowance for credit losses 
 
 NOTE 7 
 principal categories of inventory: 1) manufactured product to be sold; 2) sales demonstration inventory - completed product used to support our sales force for demonstrations and held for sale; and 3) service inventory - completed product and parts used to support our service department and held for sale. Shipping and handling costs are classified as a component of Cost of sales in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Sales demonstration inventory is held by our sales representatives for up to , at which time it would be refurbished and transferred to finished goods as used equipment, stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We expect these refurbished units to remain in finished goods inventory and sold within months at prices that produce reduced gross margins. Service inventory is used to provide a temporary replacement product to a customer covered by a premium warranty when the customer s unit requires service or repair and as training equipment. Service inventory is available for sale; however, management does not expect service inventory to be sold within months and, as such, classifies this inventory as a long-term asset. Service inventory that we utilize for training or repairs and which we deem as no longer available for sale is transferred to fixed assets at the lower of cost or net realizable value and depreciated over the remaining life, typically . 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Finished goods Inventories, net Service and sales demonstration inventory, net 

NOTE 8 
 Patents and trademarks Customer relationships Other Total 
 As of December 31, 2023 Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Net Intangible Amortizable intangible assets: Product technology Patents and trademarks Customer relationships Other Total 
 
 Amortization expense, was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9 
 shares issuable upon the exercise of options, the vesting of time-based restricted stock and the contingent vesting of market-based restricted stock units that were excluded from the dilutive calculations, as they were anti-dilutive. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, there were approximately issuable upon the exercise of options that were excluded from the dilutive calculations, as they were anti-dilutive. In addition, the Company had million aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding on September 30, 2024, which, if converted, would result in the issuance of a maximum of shares of common stock. These shares were excluded from the dilutive calculations, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares - Basic Weighted average shares - Diluted Net loss per share - Basic ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - Diluted ) ) ) ) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10 
 Accrued restructuring costs Accrued warranties Professional and legal fees Accrued interest Taxes other than income Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 
 Provision for warranty expense Fulfillment of warranty obligations ) ) Balance, end of period 

NOTE 11 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Total 
 As of December 31, 2023 Assets Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash equivalents: U.S. Treasury securities Short-term investments: U.S. Treasury securities Total 
 
 The fair value of the Notes (as defined in Note 16 to the condensed consolidated financial statements) was approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Fair value was determined based on the closing trading price of the Notes as of the last trading day of the quarter and was primarily affected by the trading price of the Company's common stock and market interest rates. The fair value of the Notes is considered a Level 2 measurement as they are not actively traded. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 square feet of unused space at our Exton, Pennsylvania facility in the third quarter of 2022. Since the approval of the Restructuring Plan, we paid million, primarily consisting of severance and related benefits. All actions under this plan were completed as of March 31, 2023, and the remaining amounts payable of million were rolled forward to the Integration Plan discussed below. 
 On February 7, 2023, our Board of Directors approved an integration plan (the "Integration Plan") to streamline and simplify operations, particularly around our recent acquisitions and the resulting redundant operations and offerings. The Integration Plan was amended on May 3, 2023, and the Board approved increases to both the expected pre-tax charges and the annualized cost savings. Key activities under the Integration Plan include a decrease in headcount, consolidation of our cloud-based offerings from 3 platforms (2 acquired, 1 organic) into a single customer offering, and the optimization of our facility assets to align with current and expected future utilization. As of September 30, 2024, in relation with the Integration Plan, we have incurred total restructuring charges of million, and have made cash payments of million. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we did incur any costs associated with the Integration and Restructuring plans. In the same period in 2023, we recognized million in employee severance and other professional costs associated with the Integration and Restructuring plans, and paid million primarily consisting of severance and related benefits. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Additions charged to expense Cash payments ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Severance and other benefits Professional fees and other related charges Total Balance at December 31, 2022 Additions charged to expense Cash payments ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 Substantially all of our planned activities under the Restructuring Plan and the Integration Plan are complete. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 to days as well as materials necessary to service customer units through the product lifecycle and for warranty commitments. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately million in purchase commitments that are expected to be delivered within the next 12 months. The Company s long-term purchase commitments were immaterial as a result of the ongoing transition towards direct sourcing with Sanmina. 
 Legal Proceedings We are involved in disputes, claims and other legal actions arising in the normal course of our business. Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters, we believe that the results of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, any litigation, regardless of its outcome, may be costly and may require significant time and attention of our management and technical personnel. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 to approximately , some of which include options to extend the leases for up to , and some of which include options to terminate the leases within . We do not participate in any material subleasing. 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in Operating lease right-of-use ROU asset, Lease liability, and Lease liability - less current portion in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in Property and equipment, net, Lease liability, and Lease liability - less current portion in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized on the commencement date of the lease based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate include the variable portion when calculating ROU assets and lease liabilities. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are expensed as incurred. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available on the commencement date of the lease to determine the present value of lease payments. We use the implicit rate when readily determinable. The operating lease ROU assets also include any lease payments made and lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option at the time the lease is commenced. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 While we have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, we account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease cost: Amortization of ROU assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost 
 
 We recognize lease payments made for short-term leases where terms are 12 months or less as the payments are incurred. Our short-term lease costs for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were less than million. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Current operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities - less current portion Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Property and equipment, at cost Accumulated amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Current finance lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities - less current portion Total finance lease liabilities Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (in years): Operating leases Finance leases Weighted Average Discount Rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 

18 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total 
 
 NOTE 15 
 million compared with million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate was for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with in the prior year period. The change in our income tax expense was primarily due to pre-tax income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a pre-tax loss during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our United States and Singapore entities remain in a full valuation allowance, therefore, we are not able to recognize the tax benefits associated with pre-tax losses generated in those jurisdictions. 
 Our quarterly estimate of our annual effective tax rate, and our quarterly provision for income tax (benefit) expense, are subject to significant variation due to numerous factors, including variability in accurately predicting our pre-tax and taxable income or loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, as well as the amount of pre-tax income or loss recognized during the quarter. 
 
 NOTE 16 - 
 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes ). The Notes are general senior unsecured obligations of the Company and will mature on February 1, 2028, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. The Notes bear interest from January 24, 2023, at a rate of per annum payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning August 1, 2023. The annual effective interest rate of the Notes is when including discounts and offering expenses incurred by the Company. 
 The Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders of the Notes at any time prior to November 1, 2027 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2023 (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock, par value per share (hereinafter referred to as common stock ), for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter exceeds of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the -business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of the Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate for the Notes on each such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock; (4) if the Company calls such Notes for redemption; or (5) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after November 1, 2027, holders may convert all or any portion of their Notes at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date regardless of the foregoing conditions. Upon conversion, the Company will satisfy its conversion obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election. The conversion rate for the Notes will initially be 23.6072 shares of the common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the common stock. The initial conversion price of the Notes represents a premium of approximately to the per share last reported sale price of the common stock on January 19, 2023. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the conditions allowing holders of the Notes to convert have not been met. The Notes are therefore not convertible as of September 30, 2024 and are classified in long term liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 of the conversion price on (i) each of at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on and including the last trading day immediately before the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company provides such notice. The redemption price will be equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes, which means that the Company is not required to redeem or retire the Notes periodically. 
 Upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Notes) prior to the maturity date, subject to certain conditions, holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the Notes for cash at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes are presented under the long term liabilities of our condensed consolidated balance sheet. The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts of million and other offering expenses of million. 
 In June 2024, the Company entered into separate, privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the Notes to repurchase million aggregate principal amount of the Notes for an aggregated cash repurchase price of million and a gain on debt extinguishment of million, which was recorded in Other income (expense), net, on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. After the repurchase, million aggregate principal amount of the Notes remained outstanding on September 30, 2024. The Company is in compliance with all covenants under the indenture governing the Notes as of September 30, 2024. 
 Unamortized discount and issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 Amortization of discount and issuance costs Total interest expense related to the Notes 

NOTE 17 - 
 million to million in pre-tax charges, primarily in the fourth quarter of 2024 and first quarter of 2025, comprised primarily of million to million of one-time severance and other employee-related termination benefits. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Quarterly Report and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2024 (the Annual Report ). 
 Amounts reported in millions within this Quarterly Report are computed based on the amounts in thousands. As a result, due to rounding, the sum of the components reported in millions may not equal the total amount reported in millions. Certain columns and rows within the tables that follow may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. Percentages presented are calculated based on the respective amounts in thousands. 
 FARO Technologies, Inc. FARO, the Company, us, we or our has made forward-looking statements in this report within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical facts or that describe our plans, beliefs, goals, intentions, objectives, projections, expectations, assumptions, strategies, or future events are forward-looking statements. In addition, words such as may, might, would, will, will be, future, strategy, believe, plan, should, could, seek, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, goal, objective, project, forecast, target and similar words identify forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Consequently, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We do not intend to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, unless required by law. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 
 an economic downturn or other adverse changes in the industries that we serve or the domestic and international economies in the regions of the world where we operate and other general economic, business, and financial conditions; 
 the effects of shipping and other supply chain disruptions and the impact of supply chain disruptions on our ability to deliver our products to customers; 
 the effect of any changes in our executive management team and the loss of any of our executive officers or other key personnel, which may be impacted by factors such as our inability to competitively address inflationary pressures on employee compensation and flexibility in employee work arrangements; 
 our inability to realize the intended benefits of reorganizing our business functions and improve operational effectiveness; 
 our inability to realize the intended benefits of our undertaking to transition to a subscription-based business model to deliver new and existing software offerings on a cloud-computing-based platform, including but not limited to impairment charges of capitalized expenditures related to the development of Sphere, our cloud-computing-based platform, and our inability to realize the expected benefits; 
 our inability to successfully execute our strategic plan, Integration Plan (defined below) and Restructuring Plan (defined below), including but not limited to additional impairment charges including existing leasehold improvements and/or higher than expected severance costs and exit costs, and our inability to realize the expected benefits of such plans; 
 our inability to realize the anticipated benefits of our partnership with Sanmina (defined below); 
 our inability to reasonably source essential equipment and materials to manufacture our products as a result of global supply shortages; 
 global macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, and instability in the banking sector; 
 our inability to successfully realize increases to the pricing of our products and services; 
 our inability to achieve and maintain profitability to fully realize the economic benefit of recorded deferred tax assets; 
 our inability to further penetrate our customer base and target markets; 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 development by others of new or improved products, processes or technologies that make our products less competitive or obsolete; 
 our inability to maintain what we believe to be our technological advantage by developing new products and enhancing our existing products; 
 risks associated with expanding international operations, such as difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, increased political and economic instability, compliance with potentially evolving import and export regulations, and the burdens and potential exposure of complying with a wide variety of U.S. and foreign laws and labor practices; 
 changes in trade regulation, which result in rising prices of imported steel, steel byproducts, aluminum and aluminum byproducts and various other raw materials that we use in the production of measurement devices, and our ability to pass those costs on to our customers or require our suppliers to absorb such costs; 
 changes in foreign regulation which may result in rising prices of our measurement devices sold as exports to our international customers, our customers willingness to absorb incremental import tariffs, and the corresponding impact on our profitability; 
 our inability to successfully identify and acquire target companies and achieve expected benefits from, and effectively integrate, acquisitions that are consummated, including the operations from Holobuilder, Inc., UK-based NGH Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries and US-based SiteScape Inc., and the intellectual property acquired; 
 our inability to realize the intended benefits of the technology, products, operations, contracts, and personnel of our acquisitions; 
 the cyclical nature of the industries of our customers and material adverse changes in our customers access to liquidity and capital; 
 changes in the potential for the computer-aided measurement market and the potential adoption rate for our products, which are difficult to quantify and predict; 
 our inability to protect our patents and other proprietary rights in the United States and foreign countries; 
 our inability to defend against a cyberattack, security or other data breach of our systems, which may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our internal data and the availability of our products and websites designed to support our customers or their data; 
 our inability to adequately maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; 
 fluctuations in our annual and quarterly operating results and the inability to achieve our financial operating targets as a result of a number of factors including, without limitation (i) litigation and regulatory action brought against us, (ii) quality issues with our products, (iii) excess or obsolete inventory, shrinkage or other inventory losses due to product obsolescence, change in demand for our products, scrap or material price changes, (iv) raw material price fluctuations and other inflationary pressures, (v) expansion of our manufacturing capability, (vi) the size and timing of customer orders, (vii) the amount of time that it takes to fulfill orders and ship our products, (viii) the length of our sales cycle to new customers and the time and expense incurred in further penetrating our existing customer base, (ix) manufacturing inefficiencies associated with new product introductions, (x) costs associated with new product introductions, such as product development, marketing, assembly line start-up costs and low introductory period production volumes, (xi) the timing and market acceptance of new products and product enhancements, (xii) customer order deferrals in anticipation of new products and product enhancements, (xiii) the inability of our sales and marketing programs to achieve their sales targets, (xiv) start-up costs associated with opening new sales offices outside of the United States, (xv) fluctuations in revenue without proportionate adjustments in fixed costs, (xvi) inefficiencies in the management of our inventories and fixed assets, (xvii) compliance with government regulations including health, safety, and environmental matters, and (xviii) costs associated with the training and ramp-up time for new sales people; 
 changes in gross margins due to a changing mix of products sold and the different gross margins on different products and sales channels; 
 changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, or the enactment of new laws, rules or regulations that apply to our business operations or require us to incur significant expenses for compliance; 
 our inability to successfully comply with the requirements of product compliance regulations, including but not limited to the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive in the European Union; 
 the inability of our products to displace traditional measurement devices and attain broad market acceptance; 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 the impact of competitive products and pricing on our current offerings; 
 difficulties in recruiting research and development engineers, application engineers, or other key personnel; 
 the failure to effectively manage the effects of any future growth; 
 the impact of reductions or projected reductions in government spending, or uncertainty regarding future levels of government expenditures, particularly in the defense sector; 
 variations in our effective income tax rate, which makes it difficult to predict our effective income tax rate on a quarterly and annual basis, and the impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 on the global intangible low-taxed income of foreign subsidiaries; 
 the loss of key suppliers and the inability to find sufficient alternative suppliers in a reasonable period of time or on commercially reasonable terms; 
 the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates on non-U.S. dollar-denominated revenues and expenses; 
 the effect of estimates and assumptions with respect to critical accounting policies and the impact of the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements; 
 the effect of changes in political conditions in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate, including the effect of changes in U.S. trade policies or the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union, on general market conditions, global trade policies and currency exchange rates; 
 the magnitude of increased warranty costs from new product introductions and enhancements to existing products; 
 the sufficiency of our plants and third-party resources to meet manufacturing requirements; 
 the continuation of our share repurchase program; 
 the sufficiency of our working capital and cash flows from operations to fund our short- and long-term liquidity requirements; 
 the impact of geographic changes in the manufacturing or sales of our products on our effective income tax rate; 
 our ability to comply with the requirements for favorable tax rates in foreign jurisdictions; and 
 other risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report, elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, and in our other SEC filings. 
 Moreover, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and we undertake no obligation to update publicly or review such risks and uncertainties included in this Quarterly Report, unless required by law. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a global technology company that designs, develops, manufactures, markets and supports software driven, three-dimensional 3D measurement, imaging, and realization solutions for the manufacturing, architecture, engineering and construction AEC ), Operations and Maintenance O M and public safety analytics markets. We enable our customers to capture, measure, manipulate, interact with and share 4D, 3D and 2D data from the physical world in a virtual environment and then translate this information back into the physical domain. Our broad technology set equips our customers with a wide range of 3D capture technologies that range from ultra-high accuracy laser-scanner-based technology to lower accuracy, photogrammetry-based technology. Our FARO suite of 3D products and software solutions are used for inspection of components and assemblies, rapid prototyping, reverse engineering, documenting large volume or structures in 3D, surveying and construction, construction management, assembly layout, machine guidance as well as in investigation and reconstructions of crash and crime scenes. We sell the majority of our solutions through a direct sales force, with an increasing volume being sold through an indirect channel across a range of industries including automotive, aerospace, metal and machine fabrication, surveying, architecture, engineering and construction, public safety forensics and other industries. 
 We derive our revenues primarily from the sale of our measurement equipment and related multi-faceted software programs. Revenue related to these products is generally recognized upon shipment. In addition, we sell extended warranties and training and technology consulting services relating to our products. We recognize the revenue from hardware service contracts and software maintenance contracts on a straight-line basis over the contractual term, and revenue from training and technology consulting services when the services are provided. 
 We operate in international markets throughout the world and maintain sales offices in Brazil, China, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Sanmina currently manufactures our FARO Quantum Max Arm, FARO Focus Laser Scanner, FARO Laser Tracker and our FARO Laser Projector products in their facility located in Thailand. We expect these third-party manufacturing facilities to have the production capacity necessary to support our volume requirements during 2024. 
 We account for wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries in the currency of the respective foreign jurisdiction; therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates may have an impact on the value of the intercompany account balances denominated in different currencies and reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements. We have not used off-balance sheet financial instruments or other hedging instruments to hedge exposure to foreign currency exchange rates, including cross-currency swaps, forward contracts and foreign currency options, as fluctuations in exchange rate on our revenue were mostly offset by those same fluctuations in exchange rate on our expenses, providing a natural hedge in foreign jurisdictions. Our exchange rate exposure may change as a result of our current or future operational strategies and we will continue assessing the appropriateness of hedging for our business. 
 Restructuring Plan and Integration Plan 
 On February 14, 2020, our Board of Directors approved a global restructuring plan (the Restructuring Plan to improve operating performance and help ensure that we are appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to our shareholders and customers. Key activities under the Restructuring Plan have targeted and achieved approximately 40 million in annualized savings. We believe we have successfully redefined our go-to-market strategy to place an increased focus on our customers and to help enable our sales employees, supported by our talented pool of field application engineers, to sell all product lines globally. 
 In conjunction with the Restructuring Plan, on July 15, 2021, we entered into a manufacturing services agreement (the Agreement with Sanmina Corporation Sanmina ), in connection with the Restructuring Plan. Under the Agreement, Sanmina provides manufacturing services for the Company s measurement device products previously manufactured by the Company at the Company s Lake Mary, Florida, Exton, Pennsylvania, Stuttgart, Germany and Portugal manufacturing sites. This phased transition to a Sanmina production facility was completed at the beginning of the third quarter of 2022 as part of our cost reduction initiative. As a result of an evaluation on the usage of our manufacturing spaces, we decided to abandon 17,000 square feet of unused space at our Exton, Pennsylvania facility in the third quarter of 2022. Since the approval of the Restructuring Plan, we paid 24.8 million, primarily consisting of severance and related benefits. All actions under this plan were completed as of March 31, 2023, and the remaining amounts payable of 0.5 million were rolled forward to the Integration Plan discussed below. 
 On February 7, 2023, our Board of Directors approved an integration plan (the "Integration Plan"), which is intended to streamline and simplify operations, particularly around our recent acquisitions and the resulting redundant operations and offerings. The Integration Plan was amended on May 3, 2023, and the Board approved increases to both the expected pre-tax charges and the annualized cost savings. Key activities under the Integration Plan include a planned decrease in headcount, consolidation of our cloud-based offerings from 3 platforms (2 acquired, 1 organic) into a single customer offering, and the optimization of our facility assets to align with current and expected future utilization. As of September 30, 2024, in relation with the Integration Plan, we have incurred total restructuring charges of 26.7 million, and have made cash payments of 10.1 million. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we did not incur any costs associated with the Integration and Restructuring plans. In the same period in 2023, we recognized 1.6 million in employee severance and other professional costs associated with the Integration and Restructuring plans, and paid 3.1 million primarily consisting of severance and related benefits. 
 Substantially all of our planned activities under the Restructuring Plan and the Integration Plan are complete. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 FARO Sphere and the Unified Software Environment 
 FARO Sphere XG is our cloud-based platform that is the foundation to our software and solution strategy. We provide differentiated value by offering workflow enhancements which include data uploads from any location, access to our existing suite of 3D software applications, cloud-based data analysis and global user access. FARO Sphere XG represents the next step into expansion of our cloud-based software offerings that will deliver greater value to our customers and to our shareholders. The FARO Sphere XG environment could be adopted globally across a wide range of markets, including construction management, facilities, operations and maintenance, robotic simulation and incident preplanning. This adoption would lead to an increase in the number of users and thus enable revenue growth of our software and a shift toward increased levels of recurring revenue over time. We released the first phase of FARO Sphere to our customers during the second quarter of 2022 with the next generation with additional features and functionality FARO Sphere XG announced on October 23, 2023 which is the culmination of the consolidation of our cloud-based offerings into a single unified software environment. 
 Revenue from our software products for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 11.2 million, and revenue from our software products was 33.3 million and 32.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our recurring revenue which is comprised of hardware service contracts, software maintenance contracts, and subscription-based software applications was 17.4 million and 17.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 51.3 million and 50.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Research and development costs incurred relating to the development of internal-use software and website development, including software used to upgrade and enhance our websites and applications to be sold as a service are capitalized in the period incurred and amortized over 1 year to 5 years. These costs include external direct costs of materials and services and internal costs such as payroll and benefits of those employees directly associated with the development of new functionality in internal use software to be sold as a service. The amount of costs capitalized relating to internally developed computer software to be sold as a service was 1.2 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and 3.4 million and 4.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash paid relating to these development costs are included as an investing activity within the Cash paid for technology development, patents and licenses line of our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 Sanmina Relationship Components: As presented on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 In order to provide greater transparency on our financial transactions with Sanmina, the following table presents the components of Sanmina relationship with the Company, as presented on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Current Assets: Prepaid expenses and other current assets 10,150 9,540 Current Liabilities: Accounts payable (1) 
 7,604 6,454 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, we had a net payable balance of 7.6 million, which includes 3.1 million of accounts receivable due from Sanmina and 10.7 million of accounts payable owed to Sanmina. As of December 31, 2023, we had a net payable balance of 6.5 million, which included 5.4 million of accounts receivable due from Sanmina and 11.9 million of accounts payable owed to Sanmina. 
 The amounts presented in the table above are based on the balances in the above captions, as of the dates indicated, and do not reflect our entire financial relationship with Sanmina. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our unaudited results of operations expressed as dollar amounts and as a percentage of total sales. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 of Sales 2023 of Sales 2024 of Sales 2023 of Sales Sales Product 61,461 74.4 66,911 77.1 186,309 74.9 199,754 76.8 Service 21,102 25.6 19,902 22.9 62,583 25.1 60,237 23.2 Total sales 82,563 100.0 86,813 100.0 248,892 100.0 259,991 100.0 Cost of sales Product 26,246 31.8 34,640 39.9 82,817 33.3 112,691 43.3 Service 10,341 12.5 10,499 12.1 32,003 12.9 32,587 12.5 Total cost of sales 36,587 44.3 45,139 52.0 114,820 46.1 145,278 55.9 Gross profit 45,976 55.7 41,674 48.0 134,072 53.9 114,713 44.1 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative 34,041 41.2 37,970 43.7 106,224 42.7 117,907 45.4 Research and development 9,771 11.8 8,188 9.4 28,628 11.5 32,568 12.5 Restructuring costs 2,442 2.8 616 0.2 15,130 5.8 Total operating expenses 43,812 53.1 48,600 56.0 135,468 54.4 165,605 63.7 Income (loss) from operations 2,164 2.6 (6,926) (8.0) (1,396) (0.6) (50,892) (19.6) Other (income) expense Interest expense 1,023 1.2 691 0.8 2,615 1.1 2,529 1.0 Other (income) expense, net 175 0.2 (381) (0.4) 157 0.1 (125) Income (loss) before income tax 966 1.2 (7,236) (8.3) (4,168) (1.7) (53,296) (20.5) Income tax expense 1,255 1.5 1,520 1.8 3,912 1.6 4,869 1.9 Net loss (289) (0.4) (8,756) (10.1) (8,080) (3.2) (58,165) (22.4) 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Results 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Sales . Total sales were 82.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 86.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Total product sales decreased by 5.4 million, or 8.1 , to 61.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 66.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Total sales were impacted primarily by the APAC region being down 3.4 million driven by all end markets within China. 
 Gross profit. Gross profit increased by 4.3 million, or 10.3 , to 46.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 41.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and gross margin increased by 7.7 percentage points to 55.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 48.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin from product revenue increased by 9.1 percentage points to 57.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 48.2 for the prior year period primarily driven by better average selling price on our Arm and Scanner products, and by lower material costs driven by the consolidation of our production activities. Gross margin from service revenue increased by 3.8 percentage points to 51.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 47.2 for the prior year period, due to higher revenue and favorable product mix. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 4.0 million, or 10.3 , to 34.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 38.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by the savings realized from the Integration Plan and lower sales commission expenses driven by lower sales. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased by 2.5 percentage points to 41.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 43.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Research and development expenses . Research and development expenses increased by 1.6 million, or 19.5 , to 9.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 8.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Research and development expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 11.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 9.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the certain Integration Plan cost savings realized in the third quarter of 2023, which did not repeat in 2024. 
 Restructuring costs . In February 2023, we initiated the Integration Plan to streamline and simplify operations, particularly around our recent acquisitions and the resulting redundant operations and offerings. The Integration Plan was amended on May 3, 2023. Restructuring costs included in operating expenses decreased by 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, as substantially all of our planned activities under the Restructuring Plan and the Integration Plan were completed in 2023. The restructuring charges include accruals for severance and related benefits, professional fees, and impairment of right-of-use assets and leasehold improvement assets related to facilities optimization as a part of the Integration Plan. 
 Interest (income) expense, net . We recorded net interest expense of 1.0 million and 0.7 million for the three month ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest expense is primarily associated with the Notes issued in January 2023 offset by interest income earned on cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
 Other income (expense), net. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, other expense was 0.2 million compared with other income of 0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Income tax expense . For the three months ended September 30, 2024 we recorded an income tax expense of 1.3 million compared with 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate was 129.9 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with 21.0 in the prior year period. The fluctuations observed in both our income tax expense and effective tax rate are primarily associated with shifts in the geographic mix of pretax income projected for the entirety of 2024. 
 Our quarterly estimate of our annual effective tax rate and our quarterly provision for income tax expense (benefit) are subject to significant variation due to numerous factors, including variability in accurately predicting our pre-tax and taxable income or loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, as well as the amount of pre-tax income or loss recognized during the quarter. 
 Net loss . Our net loss was 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with net loss of 8.8 million for the prior year period, reflecting the impact of the factors described above. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Sales . Total sales decreased by 11.1 million, or 4.3 , to 248.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 260.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by our product sales, which decreased by 13.4 million, or 6.7 , to 186.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 199.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Service sales increased by 2.3 million, or 3.9 , to 62.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 60.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The overall decrease in sales was mainly influenced by weakened demand across most product lines, particularly in the China and United States markets, which together accounted for a 10.2 million decrease in sales. This decline is attributed to the challenging macroeconomic environment. Additionally, the weakening of the Japanese Yen against the US Dollar contributed to a 1.4 million reduction in net sales, as higher Yen values translated to lower reported revenue in USD. 
 Gross profit. Gross profit increased by 19.4 million, or 16.9 , to 134.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 114.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and gross margin increased by 9.8 percentage points to 53.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 44.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin from product revenue increased by 11.9 percentage points to 55.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 43.6 for the prior year period, primarily driven by better average selling price on our Arm and Scanner products, and by lower material costs driven by the consolidation of our production activities. Margins were also favorably impacted by favorable product and geographical mix. Gross margin from service revenue increased by 3.0 percentage points to 48.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 45.9 for the prior year period, primarily due to higher revenue levels with a relatively consistent fixed cost structure. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 11.7 million, or 9.9 , to 106.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 117.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by the savings realized from the Integration Plan and lower stock compensation expense driven by senior executive transitions. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased by 2.7 percentage points to 42.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 45.4 of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 Research and development expenses . Research and development expenses decreased by 3.9 million, or 12.3 , to 28.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 32.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by the savings realized from the Integration Plan. Research and development expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to 11.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 12.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the cost savings realized from the Integration Plan. 
 Restructuring costs . In February 2023, we initiated the Integration Plan to streamline and simplify operations, particularly around our recent acquisitions and the resulting redundant operations and offerings. The Integration Plan was amended on May 3, 2023. Restructuring costs included in operating expenses decreased by 14.5 million, to 0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 15.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as substantially all of our planned activities under the Restructuring Plan and the Integration Plan were completed in 2023. The restructuring charges include accruals for severance and related benefits, professional fees, and impairment of right-of-use assets and leasehold improvement assets related to facilities optimization as a part of the Integration Plan. 
 Interest (income) expense, net . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded interest expense, net of 2.6 million compared with 2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This charges primarily related to interest expense associated with the Notes issued in January 2023 offset by interest income earned on short-term investments. 
 Other (income) expense, net . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded other expense, net of 0.2 million compared with other income, net of 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This change was primarily driven by the effect of foreign exchange rates on our non-U.S.-dollar-denominated balance sheet. 
 Income tax expense . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded an income tax expense of 3.9 million compared with income tax expense of 3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate was 93.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with 9.1 in the prior year period. The change in our income tax expense was primarily associated with a shift in the geographic mix of pre-tax income expected for the full year 2024. The change in our effective tax rate was primarily due to the decrease in the pre-tax loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. 
 Our quarterly estimate of our annual effective tax rate and our quarterly provision for income tax expense are subject to significant variation due to numerous factors, including variability in accurately predicting our pre-tax and taxable income or loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, as well as the amount of pre-tax income or loss recognized during the quarter. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Net loss . Our net loss was 8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 58.2 million for the prior year period, reflecting the impact of the factors described above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash and cash equivalents increased by 12.1 million to 88.9 million at September 30, 2024, from 76.8 million at December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by maturities of short-term investments, cash generated from operating activities, partially offset by repurchases of common stock and Notes in financing activities, and purchase of property and equipment in investing activities. 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 13.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 17.6 million of cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash usage was primarily due to a smaller current year net loss. 
 Cash provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 11.6 million compared to cash used in investing activities of 10.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the maturities of short-term investments in the second quarter of 2024, in the amount of 20.0 million. 
 Cash used in financing activities was 12.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cash provided by financing activities of 71.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Financing cash change was primarily driven by the Company's issuance of the Notes in January 2023. In the second quarter of 2024, the Company repurchased 3.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes for an aggregated cash repurchase price of 2.7 million. The Notes are general senior unsecured obligations of the Company. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company purchased a total of 588,856 shares for a total cash payment of 10.0 million as a part of our share repurchase program. As of September 30, 2023, we had authorization to repurchase 8.3 million shares remaining under the repurchase program. 
 The Notes will mature on February 1, 2028, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. The Notes bear interest from January 24, 2023, at a rate of 5.50 per annum payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning August 1, 2023. The Notes may bear additional interest under specified circumstances relating to the Company s failure to comply with its reporting obligations under the indenture governing the Notes or if the Notes are not freely tradeable as required by the indenture. 
 In June 2024, the Company entered into separate, privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the Notes to repurchase 3.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes for an aggregated cash repurchase price of 2.7 million and a gain on debt extinguishment of 0.3 million, which was recorded in Other income (expense), net, on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. After the repurchase, 72.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes remained outstanding on September 30, 2024. 
 Of our cash and cash equivalents, 47.0 million was held by foreign subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024. On December 22, 2017, the United States enacted the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, resulting in significant modifications to existing tax law, which included a transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. As a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Company can repatriate foreign earnings and profits to the U.S. with minimal U.S. income tax consequences, other than the transition tax and global intangible low-taxed income GILTI tax. We have reinvested a large portion of our undistributed foreign earnings and profits in acquisitions and other investments and intend to bring back a portion of foreign cash in certain jurisdictions where we will not be subject to local withholding taxes and which were subject already to transition tax and GILTI tax. 
 On November 24, 2008, our Board of Directors approved a 30.0 million share repurchase program. Acquisitions for the share repurchase program may be made from time to time at prevailing prices, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements, and subject to market conditions and other factors. The share repurchase program may be discontinued at any time. There is no expiration date or other restriction governing the period over which we can repurchase shares under the program. In October 2015, our Board of Directors authorized an increase to the existing share repurchase program from 30.0 million to 50.0 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we purchased a total of 588,856 shares for a total cash payment of 10.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had authorization to repurchase 8.3 million remaining under the repurchase program. 
 In order to reduce future cash interest payments, as well as future amounts due at maturity or upon redemption, we may, from time to time, purchase our debt for cash in open-market purchases and/or privately negotiated transactions and upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine. We will evaluate any such transactions in light of then-existing market conditions, taking into account our current liquidity and prospects for future access to capital. The amounts involved in any such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that our working capital and anticipated cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund our short- and long-term liquidity operating requirements for at least the next 12 months and beyond. 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 We enter into purchase commitments for products and services in the ordinary course of business. These purchases generally cover production requirements for 60 to 120 days as well as materials necessary to service customer units through the product lifecycle and for warranty commitments. As of September 30, 2024, we had 25.1 million in purchase commitments that are expected to be delivered within the next 12 months. Other than as described in the preceding sentences, there have been no material changes to the contractual obligations and commercial commitments table included in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience, along with various other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Some of these judgments can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies is included in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report. As of September 30, 2024, our critical accounting policies have not changed from those described in our Annual Report. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Exchange Exposure 
 We conduct a significant portion of our business outside the United States. As of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 58 of our revenue was invoiced, and a significant portion of our operating expenses and manufacturing costs were paid, in foreign currencies, and 43 of our assets were denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and such foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and could specifically result in foreign exchange gains and losses. The impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on the results of our operations cannot be accurately predicted due to the constantly changing exposure to various currencies, the fact that all foreign currencies do not react in the same manner in relation to the U.S. dollar and the number of currencies involved, although our most significant exposures are to the Euro, Swiss franc, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, British pound and Brazilian real. To the extent that the percentage of our non-U.S. dollar revenues derived from international sales increases in the future, our exposure to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase. We have not used off-balance sheet financial instruments to hedge exposure to foreign currency exchange rates, including cross-currency swaps, forward contracts and foreign currency options, as fluctuations in exchange rate on our revenue were mostly offset by those same fluctuations in exchange rate on our expenses, providing a natural hedge in foreign jurisdictions. No such instruments were utilized by the Company in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our exchange rate exposure may change as a result of our current or future operational strategies and we will continue assessing the appropriateness of hedging for our business. 
 Interest Rate Exposure 
 We had cash and cash equivalent of 88.9 million as of September 30, 2024, consisting of cash and investments in U.S. Treasury obligations. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. All our investments are denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 Our investments in U.S. Treasury obligations are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value negatively impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. 
 We do not believe that an increase or decrease in interest rates of 5 percent would have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Global Inflation Exposure 
 General inflation in the United States, Europe and other geographies has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades. General inflation, including rising prices for our raw materials and other inputs as well as rising salaries negatively impact our business by increasing our cost of sales and operating expenses. A period of a rising rate of inflation also negatively impacts our business by decreasing the capital for our customers to deploy to purchase our products and services. Inflation may cause our customers to reduce or delay orders for our goods and services thereby causing a decrease in sales of our products and services. The impact of future inflation fluctuations on the results of our operations cannot be accurately predicted. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance as of September 30, 2024. 
 Material Weakness 
 As described in Part II, Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we identified a material weakness related to information technology general controls ITGCs in the area of user access over certain IT systems that support the Company s financial reporting process. The material weakness noted by management specifically related to our design and maintenance of effective user access controls that consistently and adequately detect and monitor the use of user accounts with elevated access to ensure that those accounts were being used by appropriate personnel and only authorized activities were performed. Additionally, deficiencies across multiple systems were identified related to the provisioning of access, deprovisioning of access, and the monitoring and restriction of access with identified segregation of duties conflicts. We believe that these control deficiencies were a result of: IT control processes lacking sufficient documentation such that the successful operation of ITGCs was overly dependent upon knowledge of certain individuals with IT expertise, which led to issues resulting from changes in IT personnel; insufficient knowledge and training of IT personnel on the importance of ITGCs; and risk-assessment processes inadequate to identify and assess the implementation of new IT systems and assess changes in IT environments that could impact internal control over financial reporting. Although this control deficiency did not result in any identified material misstatements to our previously filed financial statements, the aforementioned material weakness could result in a material misstatement to the Company s financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Remediation 
 Management has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include: 
 hiring new and reassigning existing information technology leadership with public company experience to enhance public company information technology services and solutions; 
 formalizing certain roles and review responsibilities within key financial applications, including ensuring appropriate segregation of duties; 
 revising user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial information technology applications to appropriate Company personnel; 
 designing information technology operation controls to ensure critical jobs are monitored and privileges are appropriately granted; 
 implementing a more robust logging and monitoring procedures to track user activities and system changes, designed to allow for better visibility into user access and detect any unauthorized or suspicious activities; 
 establishing procedures for ongoing monitoring and improvement of access controls and system accountability to assess the effectiveness of controls more frequently, identify any gaps or weaknesses, and take corrective actions as needed to strengthen the overall security posture in a timely manner; and 
 enhancing our regular training and awareness programs to employees on the importance of maintaining strong access controls aimed at mitigating the risk of insider threats and unauthorized access. 
 We believe that these actions will remediate the material weakness. The weakness will not be considered remediated, however, until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of this material weakness will be completed prior to the end of fiscal 2024. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the material weakness and remediation plan actions discussed above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are involved in disputes, claims and other legal actions arising in the normal course of our business. Although it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters, we believe that the results of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, any litigation, regardless of its outcome, may be costly and may require significant time and attention of our management and technical personnel. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under Risk Factors in Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, before deciding to invest in, or retain, shares of our common stock. These risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The risks described in our Annual Report, in this Quarterly Report, and in subsequent periodic reports filed with the SEC are not the only risks we face. Our operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known by us or by factors that we currently consider to be immaterial to our business. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. For a detailed description of our risk factors, refer to Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer Under the Share Repurchase Plan 
 On November 24, 2008, our Board of Directors approved a 30.0 million share repurchase program. Acquisitions for the share repurchase program may be made from time to time at prevailing prices, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements, and subject to market conditions and other factors. The share repurchase program may be discontinued at any time. There is no expiration date or other restriction governing the period over which we can repurchase shares under the program. In October 2015, our Board of Directors authorized an increase to the existing share repurchase program from 30.0 million to 50.0 million. The following table summarizes the repurchase activity during the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had authorization to repurchase 8.3 million remaining under the repurchase program. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Prices Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 - July 30, 2024 18,331,103 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 373,426 16.88 373,426 12,029,266 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 215,430 17.18 215,430 8,328,691 Total 588,856 588,856 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 (a) 2024 Restructuring Plan 
 On November 1, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the 2024 Restructuring Plan ), which is intended to support its strategic plan in an effort to improve operating performance and streamline and simplify operations, particularly around our redundant operations and underperforming countries primarily driven by economic and demand 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 challenges in the manufacturing and construction sectors. Key activities under the 2024 Restructuring Plan include a planned decrease in headcount, consolidation of our manufacturing operations from recent acquisitions to our global manufacturing partner, Sanmina Corporation, and the continued optimization of our facilities assets to align with current and expected future utilization. As a result, we expect to incur potentially 6 million to 9 million in pre-tax charges, primarily in the fourth quarter of 2024 and first quarter of 2025, comprised primarily of 5 million to 8 million of one-time severance and other employee-related termination benefits. We expect to realize approximately 6 million in annualized cost savings when the plan is complete that is expected to be largely offset by continued higher costs to run our business over the near and longer term. 
 c) Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, each as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Provided Herewith Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended 
 S-1/A 3.1 September 10,1997 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 8-K 3.1 May 30, 2023 4.1 
 Specimen Stock Certificate 
 S-1/A 4.1 September 10, 1997 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101.) X 
 - The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 FARO Technologies, Inc. (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Matthew Horwath Name: Matthew Horwath Title: Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 faro-93024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Peter J. Lau, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FARO Technologies, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Peter J. Lau Peter J. Lau 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 faro-93024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew Horwath, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FARO Technologies, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Matthew Horwath Matthew Horwath Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 faro-93024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, the undersigned President, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of FARO Technologies, Inc. (the Company), hereby certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Peter J. Lau Peter J. Lau 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 faro-93024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of FARO Technologies, Inc. (the Company), hereby certify that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Matthew Horwath Matthew Horwath Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 faro-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 faro-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 faro-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 faro-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 faro-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

