<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1044777_0001628280-24-044353.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6892871</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132883</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1231461</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2521328</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1461188</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1414037</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-044353.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030170516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-044353
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OneSpan Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001044777
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				364169320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24389
		FILM NUMBER:		241411308

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 MARINA PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		UNIT 1410
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3127664001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 MARINA PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		UNIT 1410
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	One Span Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180706

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970821

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-044353.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 ospn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ospn-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _______ TO 
 Commission file number 
 _____________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 _____________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer ,a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Emerging growth company Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No 
 There were shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding at October 24, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 OneSpan Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and N ine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 40 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 41 
 SIGNATURES 
 42 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 OneSpan Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowances of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses Contract assets Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued wages and payroll taxes Short-term income taxes payable Other accrued expenses Deferred compensation Total current liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Long-term lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies shares authorized, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock: par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost: shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 OneSpan Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Product and license Services and other Total revenue Cost of goods sold Product and license Services and other Total cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating costs Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring and other related charges Amortization of intangible assets Total operating costs Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest income, net Other income (expense), net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 OneSpan Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax ) Pension adjustment, net of tax ) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 OneSpan Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024: 
 Description Common Stock Treasury - Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock awards Tax payments for stock issuances ) ) ) Pension adjustment, net of tax ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock awards Tax payments for stock issuances ) ) ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities Pension adjustment, net of tax ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock awards Tax payments for stock issuances ) ) ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Pension adjustment, net of tax ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

6 

Table of Contents 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 Description Common Stock Treasury - Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock awards Tax payments for stock issuances ) ) ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale-securities Pension adjustment, net of tax ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock awards Tax payments for stock issuances ) ) ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale-securities Pension adjustment, net of tax ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation Vesting of restricted stock awards Tax payments for stock issuances ) ) ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Pension adjustment, net of tax ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 OneSpan Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from operations to net cash used in operations: Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets Write-off of intangible assets Write-off of property and equipment, net Impairments of inventories, net Deferred tax (benefit) expense ) Stock-based compensation Provision for credit losses, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories, net ) Contract assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Income taxes payable ) Accrued expenses ) ) Deferred compensation ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other assets and liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Maturities of short-term investments Additions to property and equipment ) ) Additions to intangible assets ) ) Cash paid for acquisition of business ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Contingent payment related to acquisition ) Tax payments for restricted stock issuances ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 OneSpan Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 Unless otherwise noted, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to OneSpan, Company, we, our, and us, refer to OneSpan Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Note 1 
 Business Transformation 
 
 In December 2021, the Company's Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the "restructuring plan") designed to advance the Company's operating model, streamline its business, improve efficiency, and enhance its capital resources. The first phase of this restructuring plan began and was substantially completed during the three months ended March 31, 2022. In May 2022, the Company's Board of Directors announced a strategic transformation plan that began on January 1, 2023 (the "2022 strategic plan"). In conjunction with the 2022 strategic plan and to enable a more efficient capital deployment model, effective with the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the Company began reporting under the following lines of business, which are its reportable operating segments: Digital Agreements and Security Solutions. For further information regarding the Company s reportable segments, see Note 3, Segment Information . 
 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the Company determined that it was unlikely to achieve the revenue growth levels set forth in its 2022 strategic plan within the contemplated three-year timeframe. A number of factors contributed to the challenges achieving the originally planned growth levels, particularly in Digital Agreements, on the timeframes set forth in the 2022 strategic plan. 
 
 In response to these challenges, the Company modified its strategy to focus more heavily on improving profitability margins across the business. To this end, in August 2023, the Company s Board approved cost reduction actions (the 2023 Actions to seek to drive higher levels of profitability while maintaining the Company s long-term growth potential. 
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
 In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements, and include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of the results of the interim periods presented. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period or the entire fiscal year. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 
 Foreign exchange transaction losses aggregated to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Foreign exchange transaction losses aggregated to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 2 
 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, the Company maintained a cash guarantee with a payroll vendor in the amount of and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The restricted cash related to the letters of credit and the payroll vendor cash guarantee is recorded in "Restricted cash" on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Note 3 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Gross profit (1) Gross margin Operating income (loss) (2) ) ) Security Solutions Revenue Gross profit (3) Gross margin Operating income (4) Total Company: Revenue Gross profit Gross margin Statements of Operations reconciliation: Segment operating income Corporate operating expenses not allocated at the segment level Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest income, net Other income (expense), net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million and internal capitalized software write-off of million (see Note 7, Intangible Assets and Note 8, Property and Equipment, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Digital Agreements operating income (loss) includ es million and million of amortization of intangible assets expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million of amortization of intangible assets expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Security Solutions gross profit includes million of inventory impairments related to discontinuation of investments in our Digipass CX product for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (see Note 5, Inventories, net ). 
 million of inventory impairments and million of capitalized software write-offs related to discontinuation of investments in our Digipass CX product for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (see Note 5, Inventories, net and Note 8, Property and Equipment, net 
 reportable operating segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Digital Agreements Security Solutions Digital Agreements Security Solutions Subscription Maintenance and support Professional services and other (1) Hardware products Total Revenue 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Digital Agreements Security Solutions Digital Agreements Security Solutions Subscription Maintenance and support Professional services and other (1) Hardware products Total Revenue 
 of total revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and approximately of total revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The Company allocates goodwill by reporting unit, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 350 Goodwill and Other . Asset information by segment is not reported to or reviewed by the CODM to allocate resources, and therefore, the Company has not disclosed asset information for the segments. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4 
 Maintenance and support Professional services and other (1) Hardware products Total Revenue 
 (1) Professional services and other includes perpetual software licenses revenue, which was less than of total revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and approximately of total revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Revenue by location of customer 
 We classify our sales by customer location in geographic regions: 1) EMEA, which includes Europe, Middle East and Africa; 2) the Americas, which includes North, Central, and South America; and 3) Asia Pacific (APAC), which includes Australia, New Zealand, and India. The breakdown of revenue in each of our major geographic areas was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue EMEA Americas APAC Total revenue of Total Revenue EMEA Americas APAC 
 Timing of revenue recognition 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Products and licenses transferred at a point in time Services transferred over time Total Revenue 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Contract Assets (current and non-current) Contract Liabilities (Deferred Revenue current and non-current) 
 Contract assets relate primarily to multi-year term license arrangements and the remaining contractual billings. These contract assets are transferred to receivables when the right to bill occurs over a - to -year period. The contract liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration received from customers for subscription and maintenance services. Revenue is recognized for these services over time. 
 As a practical expedient, the Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when it is expected, at contract inception, that the period between the Company's transfer of a promised product or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that product or service will be one year or less. Extended payment terms are not typically included in contracts with customers. 
 Revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included million that was included on the December 31, 2023 consolidated balance sheet in contract liabilities. Deferred revenue decreased in the same period due to timing of annual renewals. 
 Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the revenue that is expected to be recognized in future periods related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, as of the end of the period. 
 
 The Company applies practical expedients and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations (a) that have original expected durations of one year or less, or (b) where revenue is recognized as invoiced. 
 Costs of obtaining a contract 
 The Company incurs incremental costs related to commissions, which can be directly tied to obtaining a contract. The Company capitalizes commissions associated with certain new contracts and amortizes the costs over a period of up to years, which is the determined benefit period based on the transfer of goods or services. The Company determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration the customer contracts, its technology and other factors, including customer attrition. Commissions are earned upon invoicing to the customer. For contracts with multiple year payment terms, because the commissions that are payable after year 1 are payable based on continued employment, they are expensed when incurred . Commissions and amortization expense are included in Sales and Marketing expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 As a practical expedient, the Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period for the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are included in Sales and Marketing expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Capitalized costs to obtain contracts, non-current 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amortization of capitalized costs to obtain contracts 
 
 Note 5 
 Finished goods Total 
 
 Note 6 
 Foreign currency exchange rate effect Net balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 impairment of goodwill was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Note 7 
 to 
 Customer relationships to 
 Patents, trademarks, and other to 
 Total 
 Amortization expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense includes cost of sales amortization expense directly related to delivering cloud subscription revenue of and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Costs are recorded in "Services and other cost of goods sold" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Certain intangible assets are denominated in functional currencies besides the U.S. dollar and are subject to currency fluctuations. 
 In connection with the continued execution of cost reductions, during the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company decided to stop any incremental development investments supporting its previously acquired blockchain technology and related commercial effor ts (see Note 16, Restructuring and Other Related Charges) . This asset contributed no revenue as it was still in its investment stage. As a result, the Company wrote-off million associated with the remaining unamortized value of this intangible asset in "Services and other cost of goods sold" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 There were no other write-offs or impairments of intangible assets recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Note 8 
 Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Capitalized software Total Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense includes cost of sales depreciation expense directly related to delivering cloud subscription revenue of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Costs are recorded in "Services and other cost of goods sold" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 In connection with the continued execution of cost reductions, the Company decided to stop any incremental development investments supporting its previously acquired blockchain technology and related commercial efforts. As a result, the Company wrote-off the internal capitalized software used to build out connection points for its blockchain technology and its e-signature product (see Note 16, Restructuring and Other Related Charges) . The total write off amounted to million within property and equipment, net, of which million was recognized in "Services and other cost of goods sold" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The remaining write-off amount of million was recognized in "Restructuring and other related charges" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 As part of the Company's decision to discontinue investments in its Digipass CX product (see Note 16, Restructuring and Other Related Charges) , write-offs of million for capitalized software were recorded in "Restructuring and other related charges" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In conjunction with the Company's Chicago office lease abandonment (see Note 16, Restructuring and Other Related Charges) , write-offs of million for leasehold improvements and million for office equipment and software were recorded in "Restructuring and other related charges" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million of leasehold improvements were written off and recorded in "Restructuring and other related charges" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Note 9 
 
 Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using (In thousands) December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Money Market Funds 
 The Company classifies its investments in debt securities as available-for-sale. The Company reviews available-for-sale debt securities for impairments related to losses and other factors each quarter. The unrealized gains and losses on the available-for-sale debt securities were not material as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company did have any financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Note 10 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for (recovery of) ) Write-offs ) Net foreign currency translation Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Note 11 
 Automobile rentals Total net operating lease costs 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company s weighted average remaining lease term for its operating leases is years, and the weighted average discount rate for its operating leases is . 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were million of operating cash payments for lease liabilities and million of right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities. 
 In October 2023, the Company signed a lease agreement to lease new office space in Brussels. The lease agreement consisted of a lease and commenced in the second quarter of 2024. 
 As part of its multi-year restructuring plan (see Note 16, Restructuring and Other Related Charges ), the Company vacated its Chicago office space and abandoned the underlying leases during June 2023. The Company accrued a million early lease termination fee, which is reflected on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 in "Restructuring and other related charges". The underlying lease right-of-use asset for the Chicago leased office space were written off, and a million gain related to rent concessions and tenant improvement allowances was recorded on the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 in "Restructuring and other related charges". In August 2024, the Company finalized its early termination agreement with the landlord to terminate and release any further obligations for either party. 
 In September 2023, the Company vacated its Brussels office and terminated the lease as of September 30, 2023. The Company accrued a million early lease termination fee, which is reflected on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 in "Restructuring and other related charges". The underlying lease right-of-use asset and lease liability for the Brussels leased office space were written off, and a million loss related to rent concessions and tenant improvement allowances was recorded on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 in "Restructuring and other related charges". 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Later years Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 Note 12 
 . The Company s global effective tax rate is lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate of primarily due to the release of valuation allowances for the current year earnings for companies with a valuation allowance, offset by nondeductible expenses. In addition, the Company received a favorable response in connection with its Mutual Agreement Procedure ("MAP") request related to a Belgium audit concluded in 2020. A tax benefit of million was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The ultimate tax expense will depend on the mix of earnings in various jurisdictions. Income taxes, net of refunds, of million and million were paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Management assesses the need for a valuation allowance on a regular basis, weighing all positive and negative evidence to determine whether a deferred tax asset will be fully or partially realized. In evaluating the realizability of deferred tax assets, significant pieces of negative evidence such as 3-year cumulative losses are considered. Management also reviews reversal patterns of temporary differences to determine if the Company would have sufficient taxable income due to the reversal of temporary differences to support the realization of deferred tax assets. 
 Certain operations have incurred net operating losses (NOLs), which are currently subject to a valuation allowance. These NOLs may become deductible to the extent these operations become profitable. For each of its operations, the Company evaluates whether it is more likely than not that the tax benefits related to NOLs will be realized. As part of this evaluation, the Company considers evidence such as tax planning strategies, historical operating results, forecasted taxable income, and recent financial performance. In the year that certain operations record a loss, the Company does not recognize a corresponding tax benefit, thus increasing its effective tax rate, or decreasing its effective tax rate when reporting income in a jurisdiction that has a valuation allowance. Upon determining that it is more likely than not that the NOLs will be realized, the Company will reduce the tax valuation allowances related to these NOLs, which will result in a reduction of its income tax expense and its effective tax rate in the period. 
 
 Note 13 
 million restricted stock units during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, subject to time-based vesting. The fair value of the unissued time-based restricted stock unit grants was million at the dates of grant and the grants are being amortized over the vesting periods of one to . 
 The Company awarded restricted stock units subject to the achievement of service and future performance criteria during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which allows for up to million shares to be earned if the performance criteria are achieved at the target level. The fair value of these awards was million as the dates of grant 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 . The Company currently believes that approximately of these shares are expected to be earned. 
 The Company awarded restricted stock units subject to the achievement of service and market conditions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which allows for up to million shares to be earned if the market condition is achieved at the target level. The fair value of these awards was million as the dates of grant and the awards are being amortized over the requisite service period of one to . The Company currently believes that approximately of these shares are expected to be earned. 
 Other long-term incentive plan compensation (2) Total compensation 
 (1) Stock-based compensation increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and was primarily due to awards granted to the former interim CEO upon accepting the permanent role of President and CEO. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, stock-based compensation declined as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was largely due to the departure of the former CEO and forfeitures reversed upon his termination and timing of annual grants, lower awards granted for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, offset by awards granted to the CEO in the current quarter. 

Note 14 
 ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Incremental shares with dilutive effect: Restricted stock units Diluted Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Note 15 
 million for loss contingencies associated with employment-termination benefits. 

Note 16 
 million and million in restructuring charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of which less than million and million is recorded in "Services and other cost of goods sold" in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million is recorded in Restructuring and other related charges in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company recorded million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, in Restructuring and other related charges in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 The main categories of charges are in the following areas: 
 Employee costs include severance, related benefits and retention pay costs incurred as a result of eliminating positions in certain areas of the Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 employee costs were million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, employee costs were million and million, respectively. In total, there were approximately employees, across multiple functions, whose positions were made redundant. The million current portion of the restructuring liability at September 30, 2024 is included in "Accrued wages and payroll taxes" in the consolidated balance sheet and is expected to be paid within the next 12 months. 
 Real estate rationalization costs includes costs to align the real estate footprint with the Company s needs. During 2023, the Company vacated its Chicago and Brussels office spaces, which resulted in the abandonment and termination of the underlying leases. As of September 30, 2024, the Company continued to accrue contract termination fees of million for the Chicago office, which are included in "Current lease liabilities" in the condensed consolidated balance sheet and is expected to be paid 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million gain and million loss, respectively, were recorded related to rent concessions and tenant improvement allowances for restructuring. The Company wrote off million and million of fixed assets in its Chicago and Brussels leased office space, respectively (see Note 8, Property and Equipment, net ). During 2023, the Company terminated its Brussels warehouse lease, effective July 31, 2024, and incurred settlement costs associated with the lease termination. 
 Product and services optimization costs include costs to discontinue products and services that are no longer advancing the Company's operating model. The Company made the decision to stop any incremental development investments supporting its previously acquired blockchain technology, and related commercial efforts. As a result, the Company wrote-off the related acquired technology and previously capitalized software. The Company recorded a million write-off of intangible assets in "Services and other cost of goods sold" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (see Note 7, Intangible Assets ). For capitalized software, the Company recorded a write-off of million of property and equipment, net, of which million was recognized in "Services and other cost of goods sold" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (see Note 8, Property and Equipment, net ). The remaining write-off amount of million was recognized in "Restructuring and other related charges" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During 2023, the Company made the decision to discontinue investments in its Digipass CX product and incurred million of write-offs for capitalized software. The charges are recorded in "Restructuring and other related charges" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (see Note 8, Property and Equipment, net ). 
 Vendor rationalization costs include costs for contractually committed services the Company is no longer utilizing. The Company recognized and million, respectively, of vendor rationalization costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These costs are included in "Restructuring and other related charges" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Additions Payments ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Unless otherwise noted, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to OneSpan, Company, we, our, and us refer to OneSpan Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 This commentary should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto of OneSpan for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as well as our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K ). 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable U.S. securities laws, including statements regarding the outcomes we expect from our updated strategic transformation plan and cost reduction and restructuring actions approved in August 2023 and in prior periods, including the ability of those actions to allow us to accelerate Adjusted EBITDA growth and drive value creation by growing revenue efficiently and profitably; estimates concerning the timing and amount of savings, Adjusted EBITDA improvements, and/or restructuring charges that may result from our cost reduction and restructuring actions; our plans for managing our Digital Agreements and Security Solutions segments; expectations about trends in our cost of goods sold, gross margin, and sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses; the impact of foreign currency rate fluctuations; expectations regarding sources and uses of cash; and our general expectations regarding our operational or financial performance in the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "seek", "believe", "plan", "estimate", "anticipate", expect", "intend", "continue", "outlook", "may", "will", "should", "could", or "might", and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they do not fully materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could materially affect our business and financial results include, but are not limited to: our ability to execute our updated strategic transformation plan and cost reduction and restructuring actions in the expected timeframe and to achieve the outcomes we expect from them; unintended costs and consequences of our cost reduction and restructuring actions, including higher than anticipated restructuring charges, disruption to our operations, litigation or regulatory actions, or employee turnover; our ability to attract new customers and retain and expand sales to existing customers; our ability to successfully develop and market new product offerings and product enhancements; changes in customer requirements; the potential effects of technological changes; the loss of one or more large customers; difficulties enhancing and maintaining our brand recognition; competition; lengthy sales cycles; challenges retaining key employees and successfully hiring and training qualified new employees; security breaches or cyber-attacks; real or perceived malfunctions or errors in our products; interruptions or delays in the performance of our products and solutions; reliance on third parties for certain products and data center services; our ability to effectively manage third party partnerships, acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, or joint ventures; economic recession, inflation, and political instability; claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others; changing laws, government regulations or policies; pressures on price levels; component shortages; delays and disruption in global transportation and supply chains; impairment of goodwill or amortizable intangible assets causing a significant charge to earnings; actions of activist stockholders; and exposure to increased economic and operational uncertainties from operating a global business, as well as other factors described in the Risk Factors section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and other important information can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.onespan.com. We do not have any intent, and disclaim any obligation, to update the forward-looking information to reflect events that occur, circumstances that exist or changes in our expectations after the date of this Form 10-Q, except as required by law. 
 
 Our website address is included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as an inactive textual reference only. 
 
 Overview 
 OneSpan provides security, identity, electronic signature e-signature and digital workflow solutions that protect and facilitate digital transactions and agreements. Through our two business units, Security Solutions and Digital Agreements, we deliver products and services that automate and secure customer-facing and revenue-generating business processes for use cases ranging from simple transactions to workflows that are complex or require higher levels of security. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our solutions help our customers ensure the integrity of the people and records associated with digital agreements, transactions, and interactions in industries including banking, financial services, healthcare, and professional services. We are trusted by global blue-chip enterprises, including more than 60 of the world s 100 largest banks, and we process millions of digital agreements and billions of transactions in more than 100 countries annually. 
 
 We offer our products primarily through a subscription licensing model and provide multiple deployment options, including cloud-based and on-premises solutions. Our solutions are sold worldwide through our direct sales force, as well as through distributors, resellers, systems integrators, and original equipment manufacturers. 
 
 Business Transformation 
 We are currently in the midst of a business transformation. In December 2021, our board of directors Board or Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan (the restructuring plan designed to advance our operating model, streamline our business, improve efficiency, and enhance our capital resources. The first phase of this restructuring plan began and was substantially completed during the three months ended March 31, 2022. In May 2022, our Board approved additional actions related to the restructuring plan and we announced a three-year strategic transformation plan that began on January 1, 2023 (the "2022 strategic plan"). In conjunction with the 2022 strategic plan and to enable a more efficient capital deployment model, effective with the quarter ended June 30, 2022, we began reporting under the following two lines of business, which are our reportable operating segments: Digital Agreements and Security Solutions. 
 
 Digital Agreements. Digital Agreements consists of solutions that enable our clients to secure and automate business processes associated with their digital agreement and customer transaction lifecycles that require consent, non-repudiation and compliance. These solutions, which are largely cloud-based, include OneSpan Sign e-signature, OneSpan Notary, and Identity Verification. This segment also includes costs attributable to our transaction cloud platform. 
 
 Security Solutions . Security Solutions consists of our broad portfolio of software products, software development kits (SDKs) and Digipass authenticator devices that are used to build applications designed to defend against attacks on digital transactions across online environments, devices, and applications. The software products and SDKs included in the Security Solutions segment are largely on-premises software products and include multi-factor authentication and transaction signing solutions, such as mobile application security and mobile software tokens. 
 
 When we began the 2022 strategic plan, we expected that we would manage Digital Agreements for accelerated growth and market share gains and Security Solutions for cash flow given its more modest growth profile. 
 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, we determined that we were unlikely to achieve the revenue growth levels set forth in our 2022 strategic plan within the contemplated three-year timeframe. A number of factors contributed to the challenges achieving the originally planned growth levels, particularly in Digital Agreements, on the timeframes set forth in the 2022 strategic plan, including: macroeconomic uncertainties in the banking and financial services segments, which resulted in longer sales cycles and greater price sensitivity on the part of customers; increasing maturity and competitiveness in the market for e-signature solutions; limited awareness of our brand among buyers of e-signature tools; and higher pricing aggressiveness from competitors. These and other factors made it more difficult than we originally anticipated to build our Digital Agreements sales pipeline, generate demand for our Digital Agreements solutions through marketing efforts, and improve our sales force productivity levels. 
 
 In response to these challenges in growing our Digital Agreements revenue, we modified our strategy to focus more heavily on improving Adjusted EBITDA margin across the business. To this end, in August 2023, our Board approved cost reduction actions (the 2023 Actions to seek to drive higher levels of Adjusted EBITDA while maintaining our long-term growth potential. We intend to continue to pursue the overall strategy set forth in the 2022 strategic plan, including driving efficient growth in Digital Agreements and managing Security Solutions for modest growth and cash flow, while implementing adjustments to our operating model that are intended to achieve greater operational efficiency and strengthen our ability to create value for our shareholders. 
 
 Our updated strategy, the 2023 Actions and other cost reduction actions implemented under our restructuring plan originally adopted in December 2021 involve numerous risks and uncertainties. For additional details please see Item 1A, Risk Factors , below and Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Form 10-K. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring Plan 
 In December 2021, our Board approved the restructuring plan discussed above. The first phase of this restructuring plan began and was substantially completed during the three months ended March 31, 2022. In May 2022, our Board approved additional actions related to the restructuring plan through the year ending December 31, 2025. 
 On August 3, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the 2023 Actions. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur restructuring charges in connection with the 2023 Actions, most of which are related to employee transition and severance payments and employee benefits, with a significantly smaller amount of charges related to vendor contract termination and rationalization actions. We currently expect that we will incur restructuring charges of approximately 0.5 million to 1.5 million related to the 2023 Actions in future periods, substantially all of which relate to employee transition and severance payments. 
 Actions taken under the restructuring plan consist of the following: 
 We have reduced headcount by eliminating approximately 330 redundant positions and incurred severance, related benefits, and retention pay costs. 
 In June 2023, we vacated our Chicago leased office space and abandoned the underlying lease, and, in future periods, plan to further align our real estate footprint with our operating needs. We recorded lease termination costs, write-offs related to the vacated location's fixed assets, and a gain on the underlying right-of-use asset and liability write-off. In August 2024, we finalized our early termination agreement with the landlord to terminate and release any further obligations for either party. 
 In June 2023, we made the decision to discontinue investments in our Digipass CX product, which resulted in write-offs of capitalized software. 
 In September 2023, we vacated our Brussels office space and terminated the lease. We recorded lease termination costs and a loss on the underlying right-of-use asset and liability write-off. 
 We evaluated our vendor spend and updated or eliminated service providers in instances where there are cost-saving opportunities and where redundancies exist. Vendor rationalization costs include costs for contractually committed services we are no longer utilizing. 
 
 In June 2024, we made the decision to stop any incremental development investments supporting our previously acquired blockchain technology and related commercial efforts, which resulted in write-offs of such acquired technology and related capitalized software. 
 We plan to incrementally take actions under the restructuring plan until December 31, 2025, when the plan terminates. 
 We completed a majority of the workforce reductions planned as part of the 2023 Actions by the end of 2023, and we expect that the remaining workforce reductions will occur by the end of 2024. The vendor contract component of the 2023 Actions is planned for completion by the end of 2025. 
 
 Components of Operating Results 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from the sale of our subscriptions, maintenance and support, professional services, and Digipass hardware products. We believe comparison of revenues between periods is heavily influenced by the timing of orders and shipments, reflecting the transactional nature of significant parts of our business. 
 Product and license revenue . Product and license revenue includes Digipass hardware products and software licenses, which are provided on a perpetual or term basis subscription model. 
 Service and other revenue . Service and other revenue includes solutions that are provided on a cloud-based subscription model, maintenance and support, and professional services. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Our total cost of goods sold consists of cost of product and license revenue and cost of service and other revenue. We expect our cost of goods sold to increase in absolute dollars as our business grows, although it may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period. 
 Cost of product and license revenue . Cost of product and license revenue primarily consists of direct product and license costs, including personnel costs, production costs, freight, and inventory write-off adjustments for discontinued products and services. 
 Cost of service and other revenue . Cost of service and other revenue primarily consists of costs related to cloud subscription solutions, including personnel and equipment costs, depreciation, amortization, and personnel costs of employees providing professional services and maintenance and support. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit is revenue net of the cost of goods sold. Gross profit as a percentage of total revenue, or gross margin, has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including our average selling price, manufacturing costs, the mix of products sold, and the mix of revenue among products, subscriptions and services. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on these factors. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses are generally based on anticipated revenue levels and fixed over short periods of time. As a result, small variations in revenue may cause significant variations in the period-to-period comparisons of operating income or operating income as a percentage of revenue. 
 Generally, the most significant factor driving our operating expenses is headcount. Direct compensation and benefit plan expenses generally represent between 50 and 60 of our operating expenses. In addition, a number of other expense categories are directly related to headcount. We attempt to manage our headcount within the context of the economic environments in which we operate and the investments we believe we need to make for our infrastructure to support future growth and for our products to remain competitive. 
 Historically, operating expenses have been impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates. We estimate the change in currency rates during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the comparable prior year period resulted in an increase in operating expenses of less than 0.1 million. We estimate the change in currency rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the comparable prior year period resulted in an increase in operating expenses of less than 0.1 million. 
 
 The comparison of operating expenses can also be impacted significantly by costs related to our stock-based and long-term incentive plans. Long-term incentive plan compensation expense includes both stock-based incentives and an immaterial amount of cash-based incentives. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, operating expenses included 2.7 million and 1.9 million, respectively, of expenses related to stock-based and long-term incentive plans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, operating expenses included 6.4 million and 10.4 million, respectively, of expenses related to stock-based and long-term incentive plans. 
 
 Our operating expenses consist of: 
 
 Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, commissions and bonuses, trade shows, marketing programs and other marketing activities, travel, outside consulting costs, and long-term incentive compensation. Our sales and marketing expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. 
 Research and development . Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and long-term incentive compensation. Our research and development expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, legal, consulting and other professional fees, and long-term incentive compensation. Our general and administrative expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of intangible assets . Acquired intangible assets are amortized over their respective amortization periods and are periodically evaluated for impairment or changes in estimated useful life. 
 Restructuring and related charges. Restructuring and other related charges consist of employee costs which include severance, retention pay, and related benefits incurred from headcount reductions as part of our restructuring plan, including the 2023 Actions; real estate rationalization costs incurred to optimize our real estate footprint which include lease contract termination costs, asset impairment charges, and lease right-of-use asset and lease liability write-off gains or losses; product and services optimization costs incurred to advance our operating model which include write-offs of capitalized software assets no longer in use; write-offs of acquired blockchain technology and related capitalized software due to the discontinuation of incremental development investments and related commercial efforts; and vendor rationalization costs for contractually committed services the Company is no longer utilizing. We plan to incrementally incur additional restructuring costs through December 31, 2025, when the restructuring plan terminates and the 2023 Actions are completed. 
 Segment Results 
 Segment operating income (loss) consists of the revenue generated by a segment, less the direct costs of revenue, sales and marketing, research and development amortization and any impairment charges that are incurred directly by a segment. Unallocated corporate costs include general and administrative expense and other company-wide costs that are not attributable to a particular segment. Financial results by reportable operating segment are included below under Results of Operations. 
 Interest Income, Net 
 Interest income, net, consists of income earned on our cash equivalents. Our cash equivalents are invested in short-term instruments at current market rates. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net, primarily includes exchange gains (losses) on transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries functional currencies, subsidies received from foreign governments in support of our research and development in those countries and other miscellaneous non-operational expenses. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rate reflects our global structure related to the ownership of our intellectual property IP ). The majority of our IP in our Security Solutions business is owned by two subsidiaries, one in the U.S. and one in Switzerland. The e-signature IP in our Digital Agreements business is owned by a subsidiary in Canada. These subsidiaries have entered into agreements with most of the other OneSpan entities under which those other entities provide services to the IP owners on either a percentage of revenue or on a cost plus basis or both. Under this structure, the earnings of our service provider subsidiaries are relatively constant. These service provider companies tend to be in jurisdictions with higher effective tax rates. Fluctuations in earnings flow to the IP owners. 
 As the majority of our earnings are generated outside of the U.S., our consolidated effective tax rate is strongly influenced by the effective tax rate of our foreign operations. Changes in the effective rate related to foreign operations reflect changes in the geographic mix of earnings and the tax rates in each of the countries in which it is earned. The statutory tax rate for the primary foreign tax jurisdictions ranges from 11 to 35 . 
 
 Impact of Currency Fluctuations 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we generated approximately 81 and 83 of our revenues and incurred approximately 58 and 61 of our operating expenses, respectively, outside of the U.S. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we generated approximately 83 and 82 of our revenues and incurred approximately 60 and 58 of our operating expenses, respectively, outside of the U.S. As a result, changes in currency exchange rates, especially the Euro exchange rate and the Canadian Dollar exchange rate, can have a significant impact on our revenue and operating expenses. 
 
 While the majority of our revenue is generated outside of the U.S., a significant amount of our revenue earned during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was denominated in U.S. Dollars. For the nine months ended 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2024, approximately 55 of our revenue was denominated in U.S. Dollars, 41 was denominated in Euros and 4 was denominated in other currencies. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, approximately 52 of our revenue was denominated in U.S. Dollars, 43 was denominated in Euros and 5 was denominated in other currencies. 
 
 In general, to minimize the net impact of currency fluctuations on operating income, we attempt to denominate an amount of billings in a currency such that it would provide a natural hedge against the operating expenses being incurred in that currency. We expect that changes in currency rates may impact our future results if we are unable to match amounts of revenue with our operating expenses in the same currency. If the amount of our revenue in Europe denominated in Euros continues as it is now or declines, we may not be able to balance fully the exposures of currency exchange rates on revenue and operating expenses. 
 
 The financial position and the results of operations of our foreign subsidiaries, with the exception of our subsidiaries in Switzerland, Singapore and Canada, are measured using the local currency as the functional currency. The functional currency for our subsidiaries in Switzerland, Singapore and Canada is the U.S. Dollar. Accordingly, assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. Dollars using current exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments arising from differences in exchange rates generated a comprehensive gain of 5.9 million and 3.8 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, translation adjustments arising from differences in exchange rates generated a comprehensive loss of 2.6 million and comprehensive gain of 0.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in other (expense) income, net. Foreign exchange transaction losses aggregated 2.0 million and 1.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, losses resulting from foreign currency transactions were 0.1 million and 0.5 million, respectively . 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, selected segment and condensed consolidated operating results. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Digital Agreements Revenue 15,405 13,012 45,280 36,426 Gross profit 11,031 9,808 30,664 26,839 Gross margin 72 75 68 74 Operating income (loss) 
 3,419 (4,666) 3,000 (17,820) Security Solutions Revenue 40,837 45,826 136,728 135,752 Gross profit 30,517 30,861 98,620 87,410 Gross margin 75 67 72 64 Operating income 
 20,200 15,673 66,770 39,827 Total Company: Revenue 56,242 58,838 182,008 172,178 Gross profit 41,548 40,669 129,284 114,249 Gross margin 74 69 71 66 Statements of Operations reconciliation: Segment operating income 23,619 11,007 69,770 22,007 Corporate operating expenses not allocated at the segment level 12,367 15,801 36,771 52,695 Operating income (loss) 
 11,252 (4,794) 32,999 (30,688) Interest income, net 
 624 587 1,246 1,675 Other income (expense), net 
 (1,915) 353 (1,293) 342 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 9,961 (3,854) 32,952 (28,671) 
 Revenue 
 Revenue by products and services allocated to the segments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Digital Agreements Security Solutions Digital Agreements Security Solutions Subscription 15,045 18,603 11,807 14,378 Maintenance and support 327 9,317 995 11,276 Professional services and other (1) 33 820 210 1,333 Hardware products 12,097 18,839 Total Revenue 15,405 40,837 13,012 45,826 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Digital Agreements Security Solutions Digital Agreements Security Solutions Subscription 43,641 59,642 32,641 46,485 Maintenance and support 1,321 29,125 3,121 31,914 Professional services and other (1) 318 3,548 664 4,002 Hardware products 44,413 53,351 Total Revenue 45,280 136,728 36,426 135,752 
 (1) Professional services and other includes perpetual software licenses revenue, which was less than 1 of total revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and approximately 1 of total revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Total revenue decreased by 2.6 million, or 4 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Changes in foreign exchange rates as compared to the same period in 2023 favorably impacted revenue by approximately 0.2 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue increased by 9.8 million, or 6 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Changes in foreign exchange rates as compared to the same period in 2023 favorably impacted revenue by approximately 0.3 million. 
 Additional information on our revenue by segment follows. 
 Digital Agreements revenue increased 2.4 million, or 18 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Digital Agreements revenue increased 8.9 million, or 24 . The increase in Digital Agreements revenue for both periods was primarily attributable to higher cloud subscription revenue from existing customer expansions and new logos. Changes in foreign currency rates compared to the same period in 2023 favorably impacted Digital Agreements revenue by less than 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Changes in foreign currency rates compared to the same period in 2023 favorably impacted Digital Agreements revenue by less than 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Security Solutions revenue decreased 5.0 million, or approximately 11 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in Security Solutions revenue was primarily attributable to lower volumes of hardware devices sold, and lower maintenance revenue due to our transition from legacy perpetual contracts to subscription licenses, partially offset by an increase in on-premises subscription revenue specific to authentication solution products from existing customer expansions. Changes in foreign exchange rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 favorably impacted Security Solutions revenue by 0.1 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Security Solutions revenue increased 1.0 million, or 1 , which was driven by an increase in on-premises subscription revenue from existing customer expansion and higher year over year renewals, partially offset by a decline in maintenance revenue, and lower volumes of hardware devices sold. Changes in foreign exchange rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 favorably impacted Security Solutions revenue by 0.2 million. 
 Our revenue is heavily influenced by the timing of orders and shipments, as well as the timing of customer renewals in any given period. As a result, we believe that the overall strength of our business is best evaluated over a longer term where the impact of transactions in any given period is not as significant as in a quarter-over-quarter comparison. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue by Geographic Regions: We classify our sales by customer location in three geographic regions: 1) EMEA, which includes Europe, Middle East and Africa; 2) the Americas, which includes sales in North, Central, and South America; and 3) Asia Pacific (APAC), which also includes Australia, New Zealand, and India. The breakdown of revenue in each of our major geographic areas was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue EMEA 22,342 26,233 79,377 80,592 Americas 22,106 19,999 64,549 58,828 APAC 11,794 12,606 38,082 32,758 Total revenue 56,242 58,838 182,008 172,178 of Total Revenue EMEA 40 45 44 47 Americas 39 34 35 34 APAC 21 21 21 19 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenue generated in EMEA was 3.9 million, or 15 , lower than the same period in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in hardware volumes from existing customers, and the impact of an end-of-life product. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue generated in EMEA was 1.2 million, or 2 , lower than the same period in 2023, primarily due to a decrease in hardware volumes sold, the impact of end-of-life products, partially offset by higher on-premises subscription revenue from existing customer expansions in authentication solution products. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenue generated in the Americas was 2.1 million, or 11 , higher than the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in Digital Agreements revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue generated in the Americas was 5.7 million, or 10 , higher than the same period in 2023, primarily due to an increase in Digital Agreements e-signature revenue and software authentication products, partially offset by lower hardware revenue. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenue generated in APAC was 0.8 million, or 6 , lower than the three months ended September 30, 2023, largely due to a decrease in hardware volumes sold. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue generated in APAC was 5.3 million, or 16 , higher than the same period in 2023, primarily due to customer expansion in authentication and mobile security solutions products. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Margin 
 The following table presents cost of goods sold for our products and services for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of goods sold Product and license 7,394 11,004 28,347 36,330 Services and other 7,300 7,165 24,377 21,599 Total cost of goods sold 14,694 18,169 52,724 57,929 Gross profit 41,548 40,669 129,284 114,249 Gross margin Product and license 74 65 71 62 Services and other 74 74 71 72 Total gross margin 74 69 71 66 
 The cost of product and license revenue decreased by 3.6 million, or 33 , and 8.0 million, or 22 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cost of product and license revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven primarily by lower hardware revenue and lower third-party license costs, and the 1.6 million inventory non-cash impairment recognized in the prior year in conjunction with the discontinuation of investments in our Digipass CX product. 
 The cost of services and other revenue increased by 0.1 million, or 2 , and 2.8 million, or 13 , during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cost of services for both three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was largely due to higher cloud platform costs related to higher volume usage and the write-off associated with acquired technology and capitalized internally-developed software costs due to the decision to discontinue investment in blockchain technology for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gross profit increased 0.9 million, or 2 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit margin was 74 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 69 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit increased 15.0 million, or 13 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit margin was 71 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 66 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in profit margin was driven primarily by higher software versus hardware revenue mix and the changes in costs of revenues discussed above. 
 The majority of our inventory purchases are denominated in U.S. Dollars. Our sales are denominated in various currencies, including the Euro. The impact of changes in currency rates are estimated to have had an favorable impact on overall cost of goods sold of 0.3 million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Had currency rates during the three months ended September 30, 2024 been equal to rates in the comparable period of 2023, the gross profit margin would have been less than 1 percentage point lower, driven by the favorable currency rate impact to revenue. Had currency rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 been equal to rates in the comparable period of 2023, the gross profit margin would have been less than 1 percentage point lower, driven by the favorable currency rate impact to revenue. 
 Additional information on our gross profit by segment follows. 
 Digital Agreements gross profit increased 1.2 million, or 12 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Digital Agreements gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 72 , compared to 75 for the three months 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Digital Agreements gross profit increased 3.8 million, or 14 , compared to the comparable period in 2023. Digital Agreements gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 68 , compared to 74 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross profit for both periods was driven by higher overall revenue, partially offset by higher cloud platform costs and higher depreciation of capitalized software costs. The decrease in gross margin for both periods is primarily the result of an increase in depreciation of capitalized software costs and the write-off of the previously capitalized software for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 only, as compared to prior year. 
 Security Solutions gross profit decreased 0.3 million, or 1 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Security Solutions gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 75 , compared to 67 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher software versus hardware revenue mix, which has a direct correlation to gross profit. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Security Solutions gross profit increased 11.2 million, or 13 , compared to the comparable period in 2023. The increase in gross profit was driven by an increase in subscription revenue, lower third-party license costs, and inventory impairments recognized in the prior year period. Security Solutions gross margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 72 , compared to 64 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to more favorable revenue mix between software and hardware, more favorable customer mix in our hardware business, lower third-party license costs, and inventory impairments recognized in the prior year period. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses decreased by 15.2 million, or 33 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, changes in foreign exchange rates negatively impacted operating expenses by less than 0.1 million as compared to the same period in 2023. Operating expenses decreased by 48.7 million, or 34 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, changes in foreign exchange rates negatively impacted operating expenses by less than 0.1 million as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 The following table presents the breakout of operating expenses by category as of September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating costs Sales and marketing 10,138 16,664 33,574 56,388 Research and development 7,533 10,133 24,133 29,686 General and administrative 11,343 11,559 32,907 44,038 Restructuring and other related charges 697 6,524 3,905 13,076 Amortization of intangible assets 585 583 1,766 1,749 Total operating costs 30,296 45,463 96,285 144,937 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 6.5 million, or 39 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Sales and marketing expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 22.8 million, or 40 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decreases were driven primarily by lower employee compensation costs which included decreases in commissions, salaries, and benefits as a result of headcount reductions, along with decreased consulting and marketing costs related to our strategic plan, and lower travel and entertainment expenses. 
 Average full-time sales, marketing, support, and operating employee headcount for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 148 and 166, respectively, compared to 336 and 357 for the three and nine months ended 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2023, respectively. Average headcount was 56 and 54 lower for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 2.6 million, or 26 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 5.6 million, or 19 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in expense was driven primarily by lower compensation costs as a result of lower headcount and lower consulting expenses related to our strategic transformation plan, partially offset by increased bonus expense accruals. 
 Average full-time research and development employee headcount for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 228 and 239, respectively, compared to 305 and 313 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Average headcount was 25 and 24 lower for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 0.2 million, or 2 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 11.1 million, or 25 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in expense for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year period was largely drive n by lower employee compensation costs, which included a decrease in salaries, payroll taxes, and related benefits as a result of lower headcount. Also, stock-based compensation expense was higher during the quarter due to awards granted to the former interim President and CEO upon accepting the permanent role of President and CEO, but was lower year over year due to lower headcount, including the termination of our former CEO, and lower annual equity awards granted to employees. These decreases were offset by higher bonus accruals and other non-recurring expenses. 
 Average full-time general and administrative employee headcount for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 95 and 102, respectively, compared to 136 and 144 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Average headcount was 30 and 29 lower for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 Restructuring and Other Related Charges 
 Restructuring and other related charges for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 5.8 million, or 89 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven by more significant headcount reduction and the termination of the Brussels lease during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Restructuring and other related charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 9.2 million, or 70 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was also driven by more significant headcount, termination of the Brussels and Chicago leases, and discontinuing investments in our Digipass CX product during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, partially offset by capitalized software and acquired technology write-offs incurred in 2024. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by less than 0.1 million, or 0 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Amortization of intangible assets expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by less than 0.1 million, or 1 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Segment Operating Income (Loss) 
 Information on our operating income (loss) by segment follows. 
 Digital Agreements operating income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.4 million and 3.0 million, respectively, compared to an operating loss of 4.7 million and 17.8 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The improvement in operating income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by higher overall revenue, lower sales 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 and marketing expenses and research and development expenses, including lower employee compensation costs, marketing expenses, travel and entertainment costs, and lower restructuring expenses, partially offset by the write-off of our acquired blockchain technology and related capitalized software for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Security Solutions operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 20.2 million, which was a year-over-year increase of 4.5 million, or 29 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023. Operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 66.8 million, which was a year-over-year increase of 26.9 million, or 68 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was largely due to higher subscription revenue and lower sales and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, and restructuring expenses. 
 Interest income, net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income, net 624 587 1,246 1,675 
 Interest income, net, was 0.6 million for both three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Interest income, net, was 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in interest income is due to lower average excess cash invested in the periods compared to last year. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Other income (expense), net (1,915) 353 (1,293) 342 
 Other income (expense), net, primarily includes subsidies received from foreign governments in support of our research and development in those countries, exchange gains (losses) on transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries functional currencies, and other miscellaneous non-operational, non-recurring expenses. 
 Other income (expense), net, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was (1.9) million and (1.3) million, respectively, and consisted mostly of transaction losses due to the unfavorable US dollar rate against other functional currencies. Other income, net, for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately 0.4 million, and consisted mostly of subsidies received from foreign governments. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Provision for income taxes 1,688 279 4,658 1,569 
 We recorded income tax expense of 1.7 million and 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Higher income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to an increase in income before taxes. We recorded income tax expense of 4.7 million and 1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Higher income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to an increase in income before taxes, offset by a 1.2 million benefit recorded related to a Belgium audit (see Note 12, Income Taxes ). 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalent balances of 77.5 million. Our cash and cash equivalents balance includes money market funds with maturities at acquisition of less than three months. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalent balances of 43.0 million. 
 We are party to lease agreements that require letters of credit to secure the obligations which totaled 0.4 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, we maintained a cash guarantee with a payroll vendor in the amount of 0 and 0.1 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The restricted cash related to the letters of credit and the payroll vendor cash guarantee is recorded in "Restricted cash" on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held 71.2 million of cash and cash equivalents in subsidiaries outside of the United States. Of that amount, 70.4 million is not subject to repatriation restrictions, but may be subject to taxes upon repatriation. 
 We believe that our financial resources are adequate to meet our operating needs over the next twelve months. 
 Our cash flows are as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 43,241 (13,838) Investing activities (7,326) (8,536) Financing activities (2,832) (5,862) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 1,215 145 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash used in operating activities primarily consists of net income (loss), as adjusted for non-cash items, and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash adjustments consist primarily of allowance for doubtful accounts, amortization of intangible assets, asset write-offs, deferred taxes, depreciation of property and equipment, and stock-based compensation. We expect cash inflows from operating activities to be affected by increases or decreases in sales and timing of collections. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities have been for personnel and vendor costs. We expect cash outflows from operating activities to be affected by changes in personnel costs and the timing of payment of expenditures. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 43.2 million of cash was provided by operating activities. This was driven by a net income for the period and a decrease in our accounts receivable balance, partially offset by a decrease in deferred revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, 13.8 million of cash was used in operating activities. 
 Our working capital at September 30, 2024 was 61.4 million compared to 31.5 million at December 31, 2023. The increase was driven by lower deferred revenue, accrued wages and payroll taxes, and other accrued expenses and increased cash and cash equivalents, partially offset by lower accounts receivable. 
 Investing Activities 
 The changes in cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to timing of purchases, maturities and sales of investments, purchases of property and equipment, capitalized software activities, and activity in connection with acquisitions. We expect to continue to purchase property and equipment to support the growth of our business as well as to continue to invest in our infrastructure and activity in connection with acquisitions. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 7.3 million, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 8.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of additions to property and equipment. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities consisted of additions to property and equipment, net, (primarily capital software activities), and the purchase of ProvenDB described in Note 6, Goodwill to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 The changes in cash flows from financing activities primarily relate to the purchases of common stock under our share repurchase program and tax payments for restricted stock issuances. 
 Cash of 2.8 million used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was attributable to tax payments for stock issuances and cash paid for the holdback component of the ProvenDB acquisition. Cash of 5.9 million used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was attributable to tax payments for stock issuances and cash paid for share repurchases. 
 
 Key Business Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In our quarterly earnings press releases and conference calls, we discuss the below key metrics and financial measures that are not calculated according to generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). These metrics and non-GAAP financial measures help us monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our operations and evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Management believes that these metrics and non-GAAP financial measures help illustrate underlying trends in our business. We use these metrics and non-GAAP financial measures to establish budgets and operational goals (communicated internally and externally), manage our business and evaluate our performance. We also believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these metrics and non-GAAP financial measures as supplemental information in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. We believe these metrics and non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors both because they allow for greater transparency with respect to financial measures used by management in their financial and operational decision-making and also because they are used by investors and the analyst community to help evaluate the health of our business. 
 Annual Recurring Revenue 
 We use annual recurring revenue, or ARR, as an approximate measure to monitor the growth of our recurring business. ARR represents the annualized value of the active portion of SaaS, term-based license, and maintenance and support contracts at the end of the reporting period. ARR is calculated as the approximate annualized value of our customer recurring contracts as of the measurement date. These include subscription, term-based license, and maintenance and support contracts and exclude one-time fees. For term-based license arrangements, the amount included in ARR is consistent with the amount that we invoice the customer annually for the term-based license transaction. A customer with a one-year term-based license contract will be invoiced for the total value of the contract at the beginning of the contractual term, while a customer with a multi-year term-based license contract will be invoiced for each annual period at the beginning of each year of the contract. For contracts that include annual values that increase over time because there are additional deliverables in subsequent periods, we include in ARR only the annualized value of components of the contract that are considered active as of the date of the ARR calculation. We do not include the future committed increases in the contract value as of the date of the ARR calculation. 
 
 We consider a contract to be active from when the product or service contractual term commences (the start date until the right to use the product or service ends (the expiration date ). Even if the contract with the customer is executed before the start date, the contract will not count toward ARR until the customer right to receive the benefit of the products or services has commenced. 
 
 To the extent that we are negotiating a renewal with a customer within 90 days after the expiration of a recurring contract, we continue to include that revenue in ARR if we are actively in discussions with the customer for a new recurring contract or renewal and the customer has not notified us of an intention not to renew. We exclude from the calculation of ARR renewal contracts that are more than 90 days after their expiration date, even if we are continuing to negotiate a renewal at that time. 
 ARR is not calculated based on recognized or unearned revenue and there is no direct relationship between revenue recognized in accordance with ASC 606 and the Company s ARR business metric. We believe ARR is a valuable operating measure to assess the health of our SaaS, term-based license, and maintenance and support contracts because it illustrates our customer recurring contracts as of the measurement date. ARR is not a forecast of future revenue, which can be impacted by contract start and end dates and renewal rates, and does not include revenue from perpetual licenses, purchases of Digipass authenticators, training, professional services or other sources of revenue that are not deemed to be recurring in nature. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ARR does not have any standardized meaning and is therefore unlikely to be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue and deferred revenue as ARR is an operating metric and is not intended to be combined with or replace these items. Investors should consider our ARR operating measure only in conjunction with our GAAP financial results. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we reported ARR of 163.9 million, which was 9 higher than ARR of 149.8 million at September 30, 2023. Changes in foreign exchange rates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year positively impacted ARR by approximately 0.1 million. ARR growth was primarily driven by an increase in subscription contracts and new logos. 
 Net Retention Rate 
 Net Retention Rate, or NRR, is defined as the approximate year-over-year percentage growth in ARR from the same set of customers at the end of the prior year period. It measures our ability to increase revenue across our existing customer base through expanded use of our platform, offset by customers whose subscription contracts with us are not renewed or renew at a lower amount. Our ability to drive growth and generate incremental revenue depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and grow our relationships with customers. NRR is an important way in which we track our performance in this area. 
 We reported NRR of 106 and 108 at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Year-over-year, NRR was primarily impacted by the same factors that affected ARR, as discussed above. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, long-term incentive compensation, restructuring and other related charges, and certain non-recurring items, including acquisition related costs, rebranding costs, and non-routine shareholder matters. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial metric. We use Adjusted EBITDA as a simplified measure of performance for use in communicating our performance to investors and analysts and for comparisons to other companies within our industry. As a performance measure, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA presents a view of our operating results that is most closely related to serving our customers. By excluding interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, long-term incentive compensation, restructuring costs, and certain other non-recurring items, we are able to evaluate performance without considering decisions that, in most cases, are not directly related to meeting our customers requirements and were either made in prior periods (e.g., depreciation, amortization, long-term incentive compensation, non-routine shareholder matters), deal with the structure or financing of the business (e.g., interest, one-time strategic action costs, restructuring costs, impairment charges) or reflect the application of regulations that are outside of the control of our management team (e.g., taxes). In addition, removing the impact of these items helps us compare our core business performance with that of our competitors. 
 
 The following table reconciles net income (loss) as reported on our condensed consolidated statements of operations to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 8,273 (4,133) 28,294 (30,240) Interest income, net (624) (587) (1,246) (1,675) Provision for income taxes 1,688 279 4,658 1,569 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets (1) 1,941 1,689 6,086 4,524 Long-term incentive compensation (2) 2,744 1,933 6,358 10,426 Restructuring and other related charges (3) 720 6,524 5,454 13,076 Other non-recurring items (4) 1,983 599 3,060 3,160 Adjusted EBITDA 16,725 6,304 52,664 840 
 (1) Includes cost of sales depreciation and amortization expense directly related to delivering cloud subscription revenue of 0.7 million and 2.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 0.4 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 million and 0.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Costs are recorded in "Services and other cost of goods sold" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Long-term incentive compensation includes stock-based compensation and cash incentive grants awarded to employees located in jurisdictions where we do not issue stock-based compensation due to tax, regulatory or similar reasons. The immaterial expense associated with these cash incentive grants was 0.1 million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and 0.2 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (3) Includes write-offs of intangible assets and property and equipment, net, of 0.8 million and 1.0 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 0 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Costs are recorded in "Services and other cost of goods sold" and "Restructuring and other related charges," respectively, on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Includes restructuring and other related charges of less than 0.1 million and 0.1 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 0 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These charges are recorded in "Services and other cost of goods sold" on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 (4) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, other non-recurring items consist of 2.0 million and 0.6 million, respectively, of fees related to non-recurring projects. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other non-recurring items consist of 3.1 million of fees related to non-recurring projects. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, other non-recurring items consist of 1.6 million of inventory impairment charges and 1.6 million of fees related to non-recurring projects and our acquisition of ProvenDB. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 16.7 million compared to 6.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 52.7 million compared to 0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase for both periods was driven largely by higher revenue and gross profit, as well as lower operating expenses as a result of the restructuring activities described elsewhere in this Item 2. Year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates unfavorably impacted Adjusted EBITDA by approximately 0.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our accounting policies are fully described in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of our interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes in our market risk during the three months ended September 30, 2024. For additional information, refer to Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk , included in our Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4 - Controls and Procedures 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, and such information is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Controls 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 
 We are subject to certain legal proceedings and claims incidental to the operation of our business. We are also subject to certain other legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business that have not been fully adjudicated. We currently do not anticipate that these matters, if resolved against us, will have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 For further information regarding our legal proceedings and claims, see Note 15, Legal Proceedings and Contingencies , included in Part I, Item 1, Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements , of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 There were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2024. 
 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information about purchases by the Company of its shares of common stock during the third quarter of 2024: 
 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 50,000,000 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 50,000,000 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 50,000,000 
 (1) On May 9, 2024, the Board of Directors terminated the stock repurchase program adopted on May 11, 2022 and adopted a new stock repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 50.0 million of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Share purchases under the program will take place in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or tender offers, and may be made from time to time depending on market conditions, share price, trading volume, and other factors. The timing of the repurchases and the amount of stock repurchased in each transaction is subject to our sole discretion and will depend upon market and business conditions, applicable legal and credit requirements, and other corporate considerations. The authorization is effective until May 9, 2026 unless the total amount has been used or authorization has been cancelled. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6 - Exhibits 
 E xhibit 10.1 - Amended 2024 Management Incentive Plan , dated A ugust 14 , 2024 
 E xhibit 10. 2 - Letter Agreeme nt dated October 22 , 2024 between the Company and Victor Limongelli 
 Exhibit 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated August 1, 2024. 
 Exhibit 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated August 1, 2024. 
 Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated August 1, 2024. 
 Exhibit 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, dated August, 1 2024. 
 Exhibit 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 Exhibit 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Exhibit 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 _____________________________________ 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on October 30, 2024. 
 OneSpan Inc. /s/ Victor Limongelli 
 Victor Limongelli 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jorge Martell Jorge Martell Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 42 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex-1012024managementincent.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

OneSpan Inc. 
 2024 Management Incentive Plan (MIP) 
 
 (as amended August 14, 2024) 
 
 1. PURPOSE 
 
 The purpose of the OneSpan Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company or OneSpan 2024 Management Incentive Plan 2024 MIP is to share the success of the Company with our leaders and other key personnel. 
 
 The 2024 MIP consists of two components (the 2024 MIP Components 
 
 the H1 Component , which is based on Company Performance Factors (as defined in Sections 3 and 4 below) for the period beginning on January 1, 2024 and ending on June 30, 2024 (inclusive) (such period, H1 2024 ). 
 
 the Full Year Component , which is based on Company Performance Factors for all of 2024 (covering the period beginning on January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2024 (inclusive)) (such period, FY 2024 , and together with H1 2024, the 2024 MIP Periods ). 
 
 2. PARTICIPATION 
 
 To participate in the 2024 MIP, you must be a full-time employee of OneSpan unless otherwise approved in writing by (i) the Company s Vice President of Human Resources and (ii) the Chief Executive Officer. Employees participating in the 2024 MIP will be notified by the Company s Human Resources team in writing. 
 
 You must be hired before (x) April 1, 2024 to be eligible to participate in the H1 Component and (y) October 1, 2024 to be eligible to participate in the Full Year Component. Unless otherwise set forth in your offer letter or employment agreement, if any, any Bonus (as defined below) that you earn under the 2024 MIP Components will be prorated based on your date of hire, as illustrated by the following examples 
 
 If your date of hire is March 15, 2024, you are eligible to participate in both the H1 Component and the Full Year Component, but any Bonus that you earn under either of the 2024 MIP Components will be prorated based on your hire date. 
 
 If your date of hire is May 15, 2024, you are only eligible to participate in the Full Year Component, and any Bonus that you earn under the Full Year Component will be prorated based on your hire date. 
 
 3. OVERVIEW 
 
 Participants in the 2024 MIP are eligible to receive up to two separate cash bonuses (each, a Bonus based upon the Company s achievement against one or more targets for designated performance metrics Company Performance Factors ). 
 
 For the H1 Component, the Company Performance Factors will pertain to Company performance for H1 2024. 
 
 For the Full Year Component, the Company Performance Factors will pertain to Company performance for FY 2024. 
 
 In addition to the Company Performance Factors, your potential Bonus for each 2024 MIP Component depends on your eligible target bonus amount, which may be expressed either as 

a fixed dollar amount or as a percentage of your base salary. If you do not know your eligible target bonus amount, please contact your manager or Human Resources. Please note that eligible target bonus amounts are generally expressed on an annual basis (as a full-year amount), such that your eligible target bonus amount for each 2024 MIP Component (each such target amount, a MIP Target would be one-half of your full year target bonus amount. For example 1 
 
 If your target bonus amount is equal to 10 of your annual earned salary, your MIP Target for each of the 2024 MIP Components would be 5 of your annual earned salary. 
 
 If your target bonus amount is a fixed amount of 15,000, your MIP Target for each of the 2024 MIP Components would be 7,500. 
 
 4. COMPANY PERFORMANCE FACTORS 
 
 Your potential Bonus amount is calculated based on the Company s achievement against one or more specified targets for the Company Performance Factors. Company Performance Factors and associated targets are determined by the Management Development and Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). Targets and corresponding payout levels for the 2024 MIP will be communicated to you separately. Different levels of achievement against the targets will correspond to different Bonus payout levels for each 2024 MIP Period. 
 
 H1 Component 
 
 For the H1 Component of the 2024 MIP, the two Company Performance Factors are Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA for all participants, except those individuals who are specifically notified in writing by the Vice President, Global Human Resources or the Chief Executive Officer that different Company Performance Factors will apply to their H1 2024 MIP participation. Revenue refers to the Company s publicly reported revenue, and Adjusted EBITDA is defined as defined as the Company s EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) excluding stock-based compensation costs, severance costs, and capitalized software costs. Please note that the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used for purposes of the 2024 MIP is different than the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used in our publicly reported earnings releases and SEC filings. The Revenue factor is weighted 50 and the Adjusted EBITDA factor is weighted 50 . 
 
 For the H1 Component, achievement levels correspond to Bonus payout levels as set forth below. 
 
 Revenue The Company must achieve at least 100 of the Revenue target for the Revenue factor to contribute to the Bonus payout calculation. A 100 achievement level would correspond to the target payout level of 100 , and a 104.3 or greater achievement level would correspond to the maximum payout level of 125 . 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA The Company must achieve at least 100 of the Adjusted EBITDA target for the Adjusted EBITDA factor to contribute to the Bonus payout calculation. A 100 achievement level would correspond to the target payout level of 100 and a 112.2 or greater achievement level would correspond to the maximum payout level of 125 . 
 
 For achievement levels that fall between the target and maximum Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA achievement levels, the corresponding payout levels will be calculated using linear interpolation. 
 
 Full Year Component 
 
 1 Example assumes that you are eligible for full, non-prorated participation in both 2024 MIP Components under Section 2 above. 

For the Full Year Component of the 2024 MIP, Revenue is the single Company Performance Factor for all participants, except for those individuals who are specifically notified in writing by the Vice President, Global Human Resources or the Chief Executive Officer (or in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, by the Compensation Committee) that a different Company Performance Factor will apply to their FY 2024 MIP participation. Revenue refers to the Company s publicly reported revenue. 
 
 The Company must achieve at least 98 of the Revenue target for the Revenue factor to contribute to the Bonus payout calculation. A 100 achievement level would correspond to the target payout level of 100 , and a 102 or greater achievement level would correspond to the maximum payout level of 125 . 
 
 For achievement levels that fall between the minimum, target and maximum Revenue achievement levels, the corresponding payout levels will be calculated using linear interpolation. 
 
 5. EXAMPLE BONUS CALCULATIONS 
 
 Assume for purposes of these examples that you are employed throughout 2024 and that your eligible target bonus amount (expressed on an annual basis) is 15,000 (which corresponds to a MIP Target of 7,500 for each 2024 MIP Component). 
 
 Example 1 
 
 If the Company achieves 115 of the Revenue factor and 100 of the Adjusted EBITDA factor for the H1 Component, your Bonus for the H1 Component would be paid out at 112.5 of your H1 2024 MIP Target 
 
 Achievement Level Against Target 
 
 Payout Level 

Weight 
 Weighted Factor (Payout Level Weight) 
 Company Performance 
 Factors 
 Revenue 
 115 
 125 
 50 
 62.5 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 100 
 100 
 50 
 50 
 Combined Performance Factor (sum of the two 
 weighted factors) 
 
 112.5 

The Combined Performance Factor is then applied to your H1 2024 MIP Target for a Bonus payout of 8,437.50 (112.5 of 7,500). 
 
 Example 2 
 
 If the Company achieves 99 of the Revenue factor for the Full Year Component, your Bonus for the Full Year Component would be paid out at 75.5 of your Full Year Component MIP Target 

Achievement Level Against Target 

Payout Level 

Weight 
 
 Weighted Factor (Payout Level Weight) 
 Company Performance 
 Factor 
 Revenue 
 99 
 75.5 
 100 
 75.5 

The Performance Factor is then applied to your Full Year 2024 MIP Target for a Bonus payout of 5,662.50 (75.5 of 7,500). 
 
 6. DETERMINATION OF ACHIEVEMENT PAYMENT OF EARNED BONUSES 
 The Company expects that the assessment of achievement against Company Performance Factors for the 2024 MIP Periods and the payment of any Bonuses earned for the applicable 2024 MIP Periods will occur on the following timeframes 
 H1 Component assessment of achievement against Company Performance Factors to be completed during the month of August 2024 any Bonus earned to be paid out via payroll before the end of that month. 
 Full Year Component assessment of achievement to be completed during the first quarter of 2025 any Bonus earned to be paid out via payroll by the end of that quarter. 
 The Company may adjust these timeframes at its discretion. 
 
 Achievement against the applicable Company Performance Factors for each of the 2024 MIP Periods is based on the Company s financial performance for the H1 Component and Full Year Component, as applicable, and is determined by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee has complete discretion to determine the MIP Targets and the extent to which they have been achieved, including discretion to adjust the MIP Targets and or the achievement of the MIP Targets to address the impact of the following mergers, acquisitions or divestitures reorganizations restructuring charges or transactions extraordinary nonrecurring items and other unexpected activities, developments, trends or events. The financial metrics used for purposes of the MIP Targets may be defined and or calculated differently from similar metrics that the Company reports in its quarterly earnings releases and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 7. GENERAL TERMS 
 
 If your base salary or eligible target bonus amount changes during either 2024 MIP Period, any Bonus amount you earn will be prorated based on the timing of such change. For purposes of this proration, changes that occur on or before the 15 th of a given month will be considered to have been in effect for the full month, and changes that occur after the 15 th of a month will be considered to take effect on the first of the immediately following month. For example, if your eligible target bonus amount increases from 15 to 20 on September 10, your FY 2024 Bonus amount would be calculated based on eight months of a 15 eligible target bonus amount and four months of a 20 eligible target bonus amount, whereas if the increase happens on September 20, your FY 2024 Bonus amount would be calculated based on nine months of a 15 eligible target bonus amount and three months of a 20 eligible target bonus amount. 
 
 If you take a leave of absence during 2024 that is longer than 45 days in either 2024 MIP Period (which days need not be consecutive), any Bonus you earn under for the affected 2024 MIP Period will be prorated based on the number of total days in excess of 45 days in your leave of absence during that MIP Period. 

If you switch from a Sales Commission Plan to the 2024 MIP, or vice versa, any Bonus you earn for the applicable 2024 MIP Period will be prorated based on the timing of the change. Changes of this type will generally be effective on the first day of a specified month. 
 
 Unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law, any Bonus amount is not earned until it is determined based on the Company s financial performance for the applicable 2024 MIP Period as approved by the Board or Compensation Committee. To receive any Bonus for a 2024 MIP Period, and unless prohibited by applicable law, you must be actively working for the Company at the time payment is made. The 2024 MIP is valid for 2024 only and will not continue to apply for future years. 
 
 Participants do not have any contractual or otherwise acquired right to MIP participation in any future years. Your participation in the 2024 MIP does not in any way imply, suggest or require that you will participate in any MIP or similar program for future years. There are no promises or guarantees of payments under the 2024 MIP, and the Company reserves the right to unilaterally alter or discontinue the program at its complete discretion, unless specifically prohibited under applicable law. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 lettertovicre2h2024mipmetr.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

October 22, 2024 

Dear Vic, 

This letter is to confirm our agreement that your bonus opportunity under the 2024 Management Incentive Plan of OneSpan Inc. (the Company for the second half of 2024 will be based on the Company s achievement of the following metrics, each with a weighting of 1 3 rd 
 
 2024 Revenue 
 2024 Adjusted EBITDA 
 2024 Rule of 40 Attainment 
 
 2024 Revenue refers to the Company s publicly reported revenue. 2024 Adjusted EBITDA and 2024 Rule of 40 Attainment have the meanings used for purposes of the Company s 2024 LTIP PSU grants. Targets for the above metrics have been communicated to you separately. 
 
 This letter agreement supersedes anything to the contrary in Section 2.2 of your Employment Agreement with the company dated July 31, 2024 (the Employment Agreement ). The Employment Agreement otherwise remains in full force and effect as originally executed. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Michael McConnell 
 
 Michael McConnell 
 Chairman, Compensation Committee 

I acknowledge and agree to the terms of this letter 

s Victor Limongelli 
 _____________________ 
 Victor Limongelli 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ospn-2024q3xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Victor Limongelli, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OneSpan Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by the report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated October 30, 2024 
 s Victor Limongelli 
 Victor Limongelli 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ospn-2024q3xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jorge Martell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OneSpan Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by the report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated October 30, 2024 
 s Jorge Martell Jorge Martell Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ospn-2024q3xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Victor Limongelli, certify, based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for OneSpan Inc. for the third quarter ended September 30, 2024, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 s Victor Limongelli 
 Victor Limongelli 
 President and Chief Executive Officer October 30, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ospn-2024q3xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jorge Martell, certify, based upon a review of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for OneSpan Inc. for the third quarter ended on September 30, 2024, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 s Jorge Martell Jorge Martell Chief Financial Officer October 30, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ospn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ospn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ospn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ospn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ospn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

