<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241003_10-Q_edgar_data_16918_0000016918-24-000178.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16919529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>226781</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>8635345</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4183291</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1906887</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1682714</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000016918-24-000178.hdr.sgml : 20241003
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241003140035
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000016918-24-000178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000016918
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				160716709
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08495
		FILM NUMBER:		241350873

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 EAST BROAD STREET
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		585-678-7100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 EAST BROAD STREET
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONSTELLATION BRANDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000920

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CANANDAIGUA BRANDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CANANDAIGUA WINE CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000016918-24-000178.txt : 20241003

10-Q
 1
 stz-20240831.htm
 10-Q

stz-20240831 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 There were shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class 1 Common Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page DEFINED TERMS i 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Basis of Presentation 
 7 
 2. Inventories 
 7 
 3. Derivative Instruments 
 7 
 4. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 10 
 5. Goodwill 
 13 
 6. Intangible Assets 
 13 
 7. Other Assets 
 14 
 8. Borrowings 
 15 
 9. Income Taxes 
 16 
 10. Deferred Income Taxes and Other Liabilities 
 17 
 11. Stockholders' Equity 
 17 
 12. Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share Attributable to CBI 
 19 
 13. Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to CBI 
 19 
 14. Business Segment Information 
 22 
 15. Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted 
 25 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 47 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 48 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 49 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 49 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 50 
 Item 5. Other Information 50 
 Item 6. Exhibits 50 
 SIGNATURES 54 

This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements. For further information regarding such forward-looking statements, risks, and uncertainties, please see Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements under MD A. 

Table of Contents 

 Defined Terms 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Company, CBI, we, our, or us refer to Constellation Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We use terms in this Form 10-Q and in our Notes that are specific to us or are abbreviations that may not be commonly known or used. 
 Term Meaning U.S. dollars 2021 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to 2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in January 2021 2022 Credit Agreement tenth amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, that provides for an aggregate revolving credit facility of 2.25 billion, inclusive of October 2022 Credit Agreement Amendment 2023 Authorization authorization to repurchase up to 2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock, approved by our Board of Directors in November 2023 2023 Canopy Promissory Note C 100.0 million principal amount of 4.25 promissory note issued to us by Canopy in April 2023, exchanged, in part, for Exchangeable Shares in April 2024 2024 Annual Report 
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 
 3.60 May 2022 Senior Notes 
 550.0 million principal amount of 3.60 senior notes issued in May 2022, now repaid in full 3-tier distribution channel where products are sold to a distributor (wholesaler) who then sells to a retailer; the retailer sells the products to a consumer 
 3-tier eCommerce digital commerce experience for consumers to purchase beverage alcohol from retailers ABA alternative beverage alcohol Administrative Agent Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the senior credit facility AOCI accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) C Canadian dollars Canopy Canopy Growth Corporation, an Ontario, Canada-based public company in which we have an investment 
 Canopy Debt Securities debt securities issued by Canopy in June 2018, no longer outstanding Canopy Equity Method Investment an investment in Canopy common shares, no longer applicable following conversion of Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares in April 2024 CB International 
 CB International Finance S. r.l., a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours 
 Class 1 Stock our Class 1 Convertible Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share Class A Stock our Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share CODM chief operating decision maker, our President and Chief Executive Officer Comparable Adjustments certain items affecting comparability that have been excluded by management CPG consumer packaged goods Craft Beer Divestitures the Four Corners Divestiture and the Funky Buddha Divestiture, collectively Daleville Facility production facility located in Roanoke, Virginia, sold in May 2023 Depletions represent U.S. distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data 
 Digital Business Acceleration a multi-year initiative by the Company to create a cohesive digital strategy and build an advanced digital business DTC direct-to-consumer inclusive of (i) a digital commerce experience for consumers to purchase directly from brand websites with inventory coming straight from the supplier and (ii) consumer purchases at hospitality locations (tasting rooms and tap rooms) from the supplier ESG environmental, social, and governance 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q 
 #WORTHREACHINGFOR I i 

Table of Contents 

 Term Meaning Exchangeable Shares class of non-voting and non-participating exchangeable shares in Canopy which are convertible into common shares of Canopy on a one-for-one basis 
 Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Financial Statements our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein 
 Fiscal 2024 the Company s fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 Fiscal 2025 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2025 Fiscal 2026 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2026 Fiscal 2027 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2027 Fiscal 2028 the Company s fiscal year ending February 29, 2028 Fiscal 2029 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2029 Fiscal 2030 
 the Company s fiscal year ending February 28, 2030 Form 10-Q this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2024, unless otherwise specified 
 Four Corners Divestiture sale of the Four Corners craft beer business Funky Buddha Divestiture sale of the Funky Buddha craft beer business GHG greenhouse gas IRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IT information technology MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part I Item 2. of this Form 10-Q 
 Mexicali Brewery 
 canceled brewery construction project located in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico, sold the remaining assets classified as held for sale in July 2024 
 Mexico Beer Projects expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at the Obreg n Brewery, Nava Brewery, and Veracruz Brewery M T Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company NA not applicable Nava Nava, Coahuila, Mexico Nava Brewery brewery located in Nava Net sales gross sales less promotions, returns and allowances, and excise taxes NM not meaningful Note(s) notes to the consolidated financial statements Obreg n 
 Obreg n, Sonora, Mexico Obreg n Brewery 
 brewery located in Obreg n 
 OCI other comprehensive income (loss) October 2022 Credit Agreement Amendment amendment dated as of October 18, 2022, to the 2022 Credit Agreement, effective in April 2024 Pre-issuance hedge contracts treasury lock and/or swap lock contracts designated as cash flow hedges entered into to hedge treasury rate volatility on future debt issuances Sands Family Stockholders RES Master LLC, RES Business Holdings LP, SER Business Holdings LP, RHT 2015 Business Holdings LP, RSS Master LLC, RSS Business Holdings LP, SSR Business Holdings LP, RSS 2015 Business Holdings LP, RCT 2015 Business Holdings LP, RCT 2020 Investments LLC, NSDT 2009 STZ LLC, NSDT 2011 STZ LLC, RSS Business Management LLC, SSR Business Management LLC, LES Lauren Holdings LLC, MES Mackenzie Holdings LLC, Abigail Bennett, Zachary Stern, A Z 2015 Business Holdings LP (subsequently liquidated), Marilyn Sands Master Trust, MAS Business Holdings LP, Sands Family Foundation, Richard Sands, Robert Sands, WildStar Partners LLC, Astra Legacy LLC, AJB Business Holdings LP, and ZMSS Business Holdings LP 
 Sea Smoke 
 Sea Smoke wine business, acquired by us 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q 
 #WORTHREACHINGFOR I ii 

Table of Contents 

 Term Meaning SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Second Quarter 2024 
 the Company s three months ended August 31, 2023 
 Second Quarter 2025 
 the Company s three months ended August 31, 2024 
 Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended Six Months 2024 
 the Company s six months ended August 31, 2023 
 Six Months 2025 
 the Company s six months ended August 31, 2024 
 SOFR secured overnight financing rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York U.S. United States of America Veracruz Heroica Veracruz, Veracruz, Mexico Veracruz Brewery a new brewery being constructed in Veracruz 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q 
 #WORTHREACHINGFOR I iii 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 August 31, 2024 February 29, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Other accrued expenses and liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities Deferred income taxes and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value Authorized, shares; 
 Issued, shares and shares, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Class A Stock in treasury, at cost, shares and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total CBI stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 1 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 For the Six Months Ended August 31, For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales Excise taxes ) ) ) ) Net sales Cost of product sold ) ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Goodwill impairment 
 ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments ) ) ) Interest expense, net 
 ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) (Provision for) benefit from income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to CBI ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI ) ) Class A Stock: 
 Net income (loss) per common share attributable to CBI basic 
 ) ) Net income (loss) per common share attributable to CBI diluted 
 ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 
 Cash dividends declared per common share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 2 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 Class A 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Total Balance at February 29, 2024 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax effect ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Repurchase of shares ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Noncontrolling interest distributions 
 ) ) Shares issued under equity compensation plans Stock-based compensation Balance at May 31, 2024 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax effect ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Repurchase of shares ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Noncontrolling interest distributions 
 ) ) Shares issued under equity compensation plans Stock-based compensation Balance at August 31, 2024 
 ) ) 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 3 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 Class A 
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Total Balance at February 28, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax effect Comprehensive income (loss) Repurchase of shares ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Noncontrolling interest distributions ) ) Shares issued under equity compensation plans Stock-based compensation Balance at May 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax effect Comprehensive income (loss) Dividends declared ) ) Noncontrolling interest distributions ) ) Shares issued under equity compensation plans Stock-based compensation Balance at August 31, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 4 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Unrealized net (gain) loss on securities measured at fair value Deferred tax provision (benefit) ) Depreciation Stock-based compensation Equity in (earnings) losses of equity method investees and related activities, net of distributed earnings ) Noncash lease expense Impairment of equity method investments 
 Net gain on conversion and exchange to Exchangeable Shares 
 ) Goodwill impairment 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from purchase and sale of business: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue Other accrued expenses and liabilities ) ) Other ) Total adjustments Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Purchase of business, net of cash acquired ) ) Investments in equity method investees and securities ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Proceeds from sale of business Other investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 5 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Principal payments of long-term debt ) ) Net proceeds from (repayments of) short-term borrowings ) Dividends paid ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Proceeds from shares issued under equity compensation plans Payments of minimum tax withholdings on stock-based payment awards ) ) Payments of debt issuance, debt extinguishment, and other financing costs ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Payment of contingent consideration 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of noncash investing and financing activities Additions to property, plant, and equipment 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 6 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 AUGUST 31, 2024 
 (unaudited) 

1. 

2. 

In-process inventories Finished case goods 

3. 
 
 Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency contracts Commodity derivative contracts 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 7 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

million. If we were required to settle the net liability position under these derivative instruments on August 31, 2024, we would have had sufficient available liquidity on hand to satisfy this obligation. 
 
 Results of period derivative activity 
 Other accrued expenses and liabilities Other assets Deferred income taxes and other liabilities Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency contracts: Prepaid expenses and other Other accrued expenses and liabilities Commodity derivative contracts: Prepaid expenses and other Other accrued expenses and liabilities Other assets Deferred income taxes and other liabilities Sales Cost of product sold ) 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 8 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

Sales ) Cost of product sold Pre-issuance hedge contracts Interest expense, net 
 ) For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 Foreign currency contracts ) Sales Cost of product sold ) For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 Foreign currency contracts Sales ) Cost of product sold Pre-issuance hedge contracts Interest expense, net 
 ) 
 
 We expect million of net gains, net of income tax effect, to be reclassified from AOCI to our results of operations within the next 12 months. Foreign currency contracts Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) ) For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 Commodity derivative contracts Cost of product sold ) Foreign currency contracts Selling, general, and administrative expenses For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 Commodity derivative contracts Cost of product sold ) Foreign currency contracts Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) ) 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 9 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

Foreign currency contracts Selling, general, and administrative expenses 

4. 
 
 million, compared with an estimated fair value of million. As of February 29, 2024, the carrying amount of long-term debt, including the current portion, was million, compared with an estimated fair value of million. 
 
 The carrying amounts of certain of our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable, approximate fair value as of August 31, 2024, and February 29, 2024, due to the relatively short maturity of these instruments. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 10 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

Commodity derivative contracts Liabilities: Foreign currency contracts Commodity derivative contracts February 29, 2024 Assets: Foreign currency contracts Commodity derivative contracts Liabilities: Foreign currency contracts Commodity derivative contracts 
 
 Nonrecurring basis measurements 
 Equity method investments 
 Total For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 Equity method investments 
 
 Goodwill 
 As of August 31, 2024, in connection with negative trends within our Wine and Spirits business primarily attributable to our U.S. wholesale market, driven by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands, management updated its Fiscal 2025 outlook for this reporting unit. The updated forecast indicated it was more likely than not the fair value of the Wine and Spirits reporting unit might be below its carrying value. Accordingly, we performed an interim quantitative assessment for goodwill 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 11 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

million goodwill impairment. This loss from impairment was included in goodwill impairment within our consolidated results for the six months and three months ended August 31, 2024. See Notes 5, 6, and 9 for further discussion. 
 
 When performing a quantitative assessment for impairment of goodwill, we measure the amount of impairment by calculating the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The estimated fair value is determined based on the discounted cash flow calculation. The most significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow calculation were: (i) a discount rate, (ii) a expected long-term growth rate, and (iii) the annual cash flow projections. If there are adverse deviations from our expectations about our Wine and Spirits business or the macroeconomic environment, which could be influenced by a variety of factors including if broader industry and market conditions continue to decline and/or our expectations of future performance as reflected in our current strategic operating plans are not fully realized, a future impairment of the Wine and Spirits goodwill is reasonably possible. 
 
 Equity method investments 
 As of August 31, 2024, we evaluated an equity method investment, made through our corporate venture capital function, and determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment due to business underperformance. This loss from impairment was included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results for the six months and three months ended August 31, 2024. The estimated fair value was based largely on the cash flows expected to be generated by the investment using unobservable data points. 
 
 As of August 31, 2023, we evaluated certain equity method investments, made through our corporate venture capital function, and determined there were other-than-temporary impairments due to business underperformance. Investments with a million carrying value were written down to million, their estimated fair value, resulting in a million impairment. These investments are part of the Corporate Operations and Other segment. This loss from impairment was included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results for the six months and three months ended August 31, 2023. The estimated fair value was based largely on observable prices for similar assets. 
 
 We evaluated the Canopy Equity Method Investment as of May 31, 2023, and determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment. Our conclusion was based on several contributing factors, including: (i) the fair value being less than the carrying value and the uncertainty surrounding Canopy s stock price recovering in the near-term, (ii) Canopy recorded significant costs in its fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 results designed to align its Canadian cannabis operations and resources in response to continued unfavorable market trends, (iii) the substantial doubt about Canopy s ability to continue as a going concern, as disclosed by Canopy, and (iv) C anopy s identification of material misstatements in certain of its previously reported financial results related to sales in its BioSteel Sports Nutrition Inc. reporting unit that were accounted for incorrectly, including the recording of a goodwill impairment during its restated second quarter of fiscal 2023. As a result, the Canopy Equity Method Investment with a million carrying value was written down to million, its estimated fair value, resulting in a million impairment. This loss from impairment was included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results for the six months ended August 31, 2023. The estimated fair value was determined based on the closing price of the underlying equity security as of May 31, 2023. We no longer apply the equity method to our investment in Canopy following the April 2024 conversion of our Canopy common shares to Exchangeable Shares. See Note 7 for further discussion. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 12 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

5. 
 
 Purchase accounting allocations (1) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Balance, February 29, 2024 Purchase accounting allocations (2) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Goodwill impairment 
 ) ) Balance, August 31, 2024 
 (1) Purchase accounting allocations associated with the June 2023 acquisition of the Domaine Curry wine business. 
 (2) Preliminary purchase accounting allocations associated with the Sea Smoke acquisition. 
 
 Acquisition 
 Sea Smoke 
 In June 2024, we acquired the Sea Smoke business, including a California-based luxury wine brand, vineyards, and a production facility for million, subject to adjustments. This transaction also included the acquisition of goodwill, inventory, and a trademark. The results of operations of Sea Smoke are reported in the Wine and Spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. 
 
 Divestiture 
 Craft Beer Divestitures 
 In June 2023, we completed the Craft Beer Divestitures. Prior to the Craft Beer Divestitures, we recorded the results of operations of such craft beer brands in the Beer segment. 

6. 
 
 Other Total Nonamortizable intangible assets Trademarks Total intangible assets 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 13 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

7. 
 
 Equity method investments Exchangeable Shares Other investments in debt and equity securities 
 Derivative assets Assets held for sale 
 Other 
 
 Equity method investments 
 Other equity method investments 
 (1) Following the April 2024 conversion to Exchangeable Shares we no longer apply the equity method. 
 
 Exchangeable Shares 
 In April 2024, we elected to convert our million Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares on a one-for-one basis. Additionally, in April 2024, we exchanged C million of the principal amount of the C million promissory note issued to us by Canopy for million Exchangeable Shares and forgave all accrued but unpaid interest together with the remaining principal amount of the note. As a result of these transactions, we (i) have million Exchangeable Shares and (ii) recognized an million net gain in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results of operations for the six months ended August 31, 2024. The fair value of Exchangeable Shares on the date of the conversion and exchange was estimated using a valuation model based primarily on the following inputs: (i) Canopy s common share price, (ii) the expected volatility of Canopy s common shares, and (iii) the probability and timing of U.S. federal legalization of recreational cannabis. As the Exchangeable Shares are an equity security without a readily determinable fair value, we elected to account for the Exchangeable Shares under the measurement alternative method. Future impairments, if any, will also be reported in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 14 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

8. 
 
 Long-term debt Senior notes Other 
 
 Bank facilities 
 The Company, CB International, the Administrative Agent, and certain other lenders are parties to the 2022 Credit Agreement. The October 2022 Credit Agreement Amendment revised certain defined terms and covenants in the 2022 Credit Agreement and became effective in April 2024 following (i) the amendment by Canopy of its Articles of Incorporation, (ii) the conversion of our Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares, and (iii) the resignation of our nominees from the board of directors of Canopy. 
 
 February 29, 2024 Revolving credit facility (2) (3) 
 
 (1) Net of outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings and outstanding letters of credit under the 2022 Credit Agreement and outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program of million and million (excluding unamortized discount) as of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, respectively (see Commercial paper program below). 
 (2) Contractual interest rate varies based on our debt rating (as defined in the agreement) and is a function of SOFR plus a margin and a credit spread adjustment, or the base rate plus a margin, or, in certain circumstances where SOFR cannot be adequately ascertained or available, an alternative benchmark rate plus a margin. 
 (3) We and/or CB International are the borrower under the million revolving credit facility with a maturity date of April 14, 2027. Includes a sub-facility for letters of credit of up to million. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 15 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

billion of commercial paper. Our commercial paper program is backed by unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 Credit Agreement. Accordingly, outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program reduce the amount available under our revolving credit facility. 
 Weighted average annual interest rate Weighted average remaining term days days 
 (1) Outstanding commercial paper borrowings are net of unamortized discount. 
 
 Debt payments 
 million and million, respectively) for the remaining six months of Fiscal 2025 and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter are as follows: 
 (in millions) Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Fiscal 2030 
 Thereafter 

9. 
 
 of tax benefit compared with of tax expense for the six months ended August 31, 2023. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended August 31, 2024, was of tax benefit compared with of tax expense for the three months ended August 31, 2023. 
 
 For the six months ended August 31, 2024, our effective tax rate did not approximate the federal statutory rate of 21 largely due to (i) a net income tax benefit recognized as a result of the resolution of various tax examinations and assessments related to prior periods and (ii) the benefit of lower effective tax rates applicable for foreign businesses, partially offset by a net income tax impact resulting from the non-deductible portion of the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 16 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

10. 
 
 Deferred income taxes Unrecognized tax benefit liabilities Deferred revenue 
 Other 

11. 
 
 Share repurchases Exercise of stock options ) Vesting of restricted stock units (1) 
 ) Vesting of performance share units (1) 
 ) Balance at May 31, 2024 
 Share repurchases Exercise of stock options ) Employee stock purchases ) Vesting of restricted stock units (1) 
 ) Balance at August 31, 2024 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 17 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

Share repurchases Conversion of shares ) Exercise of stock options ) Vesting of restricted stock units (1) 
 ) Vesting of performance share units (1) 
 ) Balance at May 31, 2023 
 Conversion of shares ) Exercise of stock options ) Employee stock purchases ) Vesting of restricted stock units (1) 
 ) Balance at August 31, 2023 
 
 (1) Net of the following shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding requirements: For the Three Months Ended May 31, For the Three Months Ended August 31, For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 Restricted Stock Units Performance Share Units 2023 Restricted Stock Units Performance Share Units 
 
 Stock repurchases 
 In each of January 2021 and November 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to billion of our publicly traded common stock. The Board of Directors did not specify a date upon which these authorizations would expire. Shares repurchased under these authorizations become treasury shares. 
 
 For the six months ended August 31, 2024, we repurchased shares of Class A Stock pursuant to the 2021 Authorization through open market transactions at an aggregate cost of million. 
 
 2023 Authorization (1) 
 
 (1) As of August 31, 2024, an aggregate of million remains available for future share repurchases, excluding the impact of Federal excise tax owed pursuant to the IRA. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 18 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

12. 
 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Stock-based awards, primarily stock options (1) 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Net income (loss) per common share attributable to CBI basic ) ) Net income (loss) per common share attributable to CBI diluted ) ) 
 (1) 
 We have excluded the following weighted average common shares outstanding from the calculation of diluted net loss per common share, as the effect of including these would have been anti-dilutive, in millions: 
 For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 
 Stock-based awards, primarily stock options 

13. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI: Foreign currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) ) ) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 19 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 ) Amounts reclassified ) ) Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Pension/postretirement adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Share of OCI of equity method investments Net gain (loss) Amounts reclassified ) ) ) Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI ) For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to CBI Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI: Foreign currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges: Net derivative gain (loss) ) Amounts reclassified ) ) Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Pension/postretirement adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Share of OCI of equity method investments Net gain (loss) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 20 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI: Foreign currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) ) ) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges: Net derivative gain (loss) ) ) Amounts reclassified ) ) Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Pension/postretirement adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Share of OCI of equity method investments Net gain (loss) Amounts reclassified ) Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI ) For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to CBI Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI: Foreign currency translation adjustments: Net gain (loss) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges: Net derivative gain (loss) ) Amounts reclassified ) ) Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Pension/postretirement adjustments: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Share of OCI of equity method investments Net gain (loss) Amounts reclassified Net gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBI 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 21 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

) Other comprehensive income (loss): Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification adjustments ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance, August 31, 2024 ) ) ) 

14. 
 
 business divisions: (i) Beer and (ii) Wine and Spirits and we report our operating results in segments: (i) Beer, (ii) Wine and Spirits, and (iii) Corporate Operations and Other. In the Beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported beer brands and ABAs. We have an exclusive perpetual brand license to produce our Mexican beer portfolio and to import, market, and sell such portfolio in the U.S. In the Wine and Spirits segment, we sell a portfolio that includes higher-end wine brands complemented by certain higher-end spirits brands. Amounts included in the Corporate Operations and Other segment consist of costs of corporate development, corporate finance, corporate strategy, executive management, growth, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, IT, legal, and public relations, as well as our Canopy investment and investments made through our corporate venture capital function . All costs included in the Corporate Operations and Other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are, therefore, not allocated to the other reportable segments. All costs reported within the Corporate Operations and Other segment are not included in our CODM s evaluation of the operating income (loss) performance of the other reportable segments. The business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting. Long-lived tangible assets and total asset information by segment is not provided to, or reviewed by, our CODM as it is not used to make strategic decisions, allocate resources, or assess performance. 
 
 In addition, management excludes Comparable Adjustments from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these Comparable Adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. Segment operating performance and the incentive compensation of segment management are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss) which does not include the impact of these Comparable Adjustments. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 22 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

Net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts ) ) ) Flow through of inventory step-up ) ) ) ) Comparable Adjustments, Cost of product sold ) ) Selling, general, and administrative expenses Restructuring and other strategic business development costs ) ) ) ) Transition services agreements activity ) ) ) ) Transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs ) ) ) ) Other gains (losses) (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Comparable Adjustments, Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Goodwill impairment 
 ) ) Comparable Adjustments, Operating income (loss) ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 Primarily includes the following: For the Six Months Ended August 31, For the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in millions) Net loss on foreign currency as a result of the resolution of various tax examinations and assessments 
 ) ) Gain (loss) on sale of business ) ) Recognition of a previously deferred gain upon release of a related indemnity 

Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 23 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

Segment operating income (loss) Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Wine and Spirits Net sales: Wine Spirits Net sales Segment operating income (loss) Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments Equity method investments Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Corporate Operations and Other Segment operating income (loss) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments ) ) ) ) Equity method investments Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Comparable Adjustments Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments ) ) ) Consolidated Net sales Operating income (loss) ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments (1) 
 ) ) ) Equity method investments Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 24 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 

Equity in earnings (losses) from other equity method investees and related activities Equity in earnings (losses) from Canopy and related activities ) ) Impairment of equity method investments 
 ) ) ) ) Unrealized net gain (loss) on securities measured at fair value (i) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (i) Effective as of May 31, 2023, we determined that the 2023 Canopy Promissory Note did not have future economic value given the substantial doubt about Canopy s ability to continue as a going concern, as disclosed by Canopy, prior to the maturity of the note. Accordingly, the fair value of the remaining balance for this instrument was determined to be . In April 2024, we exchanged the 2023 Canopy Promissory Note for Exchangeable Shares. 

15. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 25 

MD A Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Introduction 
 
 This MD A provides additional information on our businesses, current developments, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. It should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and with our consolidated financial statements and notes included in our 2024 Annual Report. This MD A is organized as follows: 
 
 Overview. This section provides a general description of our business, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition, and potential future trends. 
 
 Strategy. This section provides a description of our strategy and a discussion of significant divestitures, acquisitions, and investments. 
 
 Results of operations. This section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis for the three months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023, and six months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023. In addition, a brief description of significant transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources. This section provides an analysis of our cash flows, outstanding debt, and liquidity position. Included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the financial capacity available to fund our on-going operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are an international producer and marketer of beer, wine, and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy with powerful, consumer-connected, high-quality brands like Corona Extra, Modelo Especial, Robert Mondavi Winery, Kim Crawford, Meiomi, The Prisoner Wine Company, High West, Casa Noble, and Mi CAMPO. In the U.S., we are one of the top growth contributors at retail among beverage alcohol suppliers. We are the second-largest beer company in the U.S. and continue to strengthen our leadership position as the #1 share gainer in the high-end beer segment and the overall U.S. beer market. In Fiscal 2024, Modelo Especial became the #1 beer brand in the U.S. beer market in dollar sales and continues to hold that position. Within wine and spirits, we have reshaped our brand portfolio to a higher-end focused business and continue our efforts to expand our supply channels through DTC and international markets. The strength of our brands makes us a supplier of choice to many of our consumers and our customers, which include wholesale distributors, retailers, and on-premise locations. We conduct our business through entities we wholly own as well as through a variety of joint ventures and other entities. 
 
 O ur internal management financial reporting consists of two business divisions: (i) Beer and (ii) Wine and Spirits and we report our operating results in three segments: (i) Beer, (ii) Wine and Spirits, and (iii) Corporate 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 26 

MD A Table of Contents 

Operations and Other. In the Beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported beer brands and ABAs. We have an exclusive perpetual brand license to produce our Mexican beer portfolio and to import, market, and sell such portfolio in the U.S. In the Wine and Spirits segment, we sell a portfolio that includes higher-end wine brands complemented by certain higher-end spirits brands. Amounts included in the Corporate Operations and Other segment consist of costs of corporate development, corporate finance, corporate strategy, executive management, growth, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, IT, legal, and public relations, as well as our Canopy investment and investments made through our corporate venture capital function . All costs included in the Corporate Operations and Other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are, therefore, not allocated to the other reportable segments. All costs reported within the Corporate Operations and Other segment are not included in our CODM s evaluation of the operating income (loss) performance of the other reportable segments. The business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting. 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 As of August 31, 2024, in connection with negative trends within our Wine and Spirits business primarily attributable to our U.S. wholesale market, driven by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands, management updated its Fiscal 2025 outlook for this reporting unit. Based on the aforementioned factors, we performed an interim quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment which indicated that the carrying value of the Wine and Spirits reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, resulting in a 2,250.0 million goodwill impairment. This loss from impairment was included in goodwill impairment within our consolidated results for Second Quarter 2025 and Six Months 2025. See Notes 4, 5, and 9 for further discussion. 

Strategy 
 
 Business strategy 
 Our overall strategic vision is to consistently deliver industry-leading total stockholder returns over the long-term through a focus on these key pillars: 
 
 continue building strong brands people love with advantaged routes to market; 
 build a culture that is consumer-obsessed and leverages robust innovation capabilities to stay on the forefront of consumer trends; 
 deploy capital in line with disciplined and balanced priorities; 
 deliver on impactful ESG initiatives that we believe are not only good business, but also good for the world; and 
 empower the whole enterprise to achieve best-in-class operational efficiency. 
 
 We will continue to strive for success by ensuring consumer-led decision making drives all aspects of our business; building a diverse talent pipeline with best-in-class people development; investing in infrastructure that supports and enables our business, including data systems and architecture; and exemplifying intentional and proactive fiscal management. We place focus on positioning our portfolio on higher-margin, higher-growth categories of the beverage alcohol industry to align with consumer-led premiumization, product, and purchasing trends, which we anticipate will continue to drive faster relative growth rates across beer, wine, and spirits. To continue capitalizing on consumer-led premiumization trends, become more competitive, and grow our business, we have employed a strategy dedicated to organic growth and supplemented by targeted investments and acquisitions. We also believe a key component to driving faster relative growth rates is to invest and strengthen our position within the DTC and 3-tier eCommerce channels. We intend for our multi-year Digital Business Acceleration initiative to enable us to drive results by enhancing our technology capabilities in key areas. In Fiscal 2025, we continue to focus on end-to-end digital supply chain planning, logistics, and procurement, as well as introducing a new focus area, revenue growth management. Additionally, we believe our continued focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet provides a solid financial foundation to support our broader strategic initiatives. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 27 

MD A Table of Contents 

Our business strategy for the Beer segment focuses on upholding our leadership position in the U.S. beer market, including the high-end segment, and continuing to grow our high-end imported beer brands through maintenance of leading margins, enhancements to our results of operations and operating cash flow, and exploring new avenues for growth. This includes continued focus on growing our beer portfolio in the U.S. through expanding distribution for key brands, including within the 3-tier eCommerce channel, as well as investing in the next increment of modular capacity additions required to sustain our momentum. We continue to focus on consumer-led innovation by creating new line extensions behind celebrated, trusted brands and package formats, as well as new to world brands, that are intended to meet emerging needs. Additionally, expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities continue under our Mexico Beer Projects to align with our anticipated future growth expectations. 
 
 Our business strategy for the Wine and Spirits segment continues to focus on delivering growth and improving margins by driving our higher-end brands and operating efficiencies, while also seeking to enhance the performance of our mainstream brands. We have reshaped our portfolio primarily through an enhanced focus on higher-margin, higher-growth wine and spirits brands. Our business is organized into three distinct category-based teams focused on (i) U.S. wine, (ii) international wine, and (iii) spirits. While each team has its own distinct brand execution strategy, all three remain aligned to the goal of accelerating performance by growing organic net sales and expanding margins. In addition, we are advancing our aim to become a global, omni-channel competitor in line with consumer preferences. Our business continues its efforts to progressively expand into DTC channels (including hospitality), 3-tier eCommerce, and international markets, while remaining a major supplier in U.S. 3-tier brick-and-mortar distribution. In markets where it is feasible, we entered into a contractual arrangement with Southern Glazer s Wine and Spirits to consolidate our U.S. distribution in order to obtain dedicated distributor selling resources which focus on our U.S. wine and spirits portfolio to drive organic growth. 
 
 Marketing, sales, and distribution of our products are primarily managed on a geographic basis allowing us to leverage leading market positions. In addition, market dynamics and consumer trends vary across each of our markets. Within our primary market in the U.S., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the imported beer, ABA, and branded wine and spirits categories, with generally separate distribution networks utilized for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. The environment for our products is competitive in each of our markets. 
 
 We remain committed to our long-term financial model of: growing sales, expanding margins, and increasing cash flow in order to continue to achieve comparable earnings per share growth as well as our target net leverage ratio on a comparable basis and dividend payout ratio; investing to support the growth of our business; and delivering additional returns to stockholders through periodic share repurchases. Our results of operations and financial condition have been affected by macroeconomic headwinds, including rising unemployment, inflation, changing prices, other unfavorable global and regional economic conditions, global supply chain disruptions and constraints, and geopolitical events, as well as reductions in the discretionary income of consumers available to purchase our products and shifting consumer behaviors. Additionally, ongoing macroeconomic headwinds, particularly rising unemployment, have led to a recent deceleration in the rate of growth of consumer demand for our products. We expect some or all of these impacts to continue during the remainder of Fiscal 2025 which could have a material impact on our results of operations. We intend to continue to monitor the economic environment, the shifting behavior of consumers, and their impacts on our business. In addition, we are continuing our commodity and foreign exchange hedging programs while also seeking to identify additional cost savings and efficiency initiatives. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully mitigate rising costs through increased selling prices and/or cost savings and efficiency initiatives. Furthermore, to the extent climate-related severe weather events, such as droughts, floods, wildfires, extreme heat, and/or late frosts, or other weather conditions that constrain consumer purchasing occasions, continue to occur or accelerate in future periods, it could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 ESG strategy 
 During the course of our history, we have been committed to safeguarding our environment, making a positive difference in our communities, and advocating for responsible consumption of beverage alcohol products. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 28 

MD A Table of Contents 

We believe our ESG strategy enables us to better meet stakeholder expectations and create and protect value for our business, reflects our Company values, and directly addresses pressing environmental and societal needs that are important to our stockholders, communities, consumers, and employees. 
 
 Specifically, we have focused on areas where we believe we have the greatest opportunities to make meaningful, positive impacts for people and the planet in a manner that strengthens our Company, and we dedicate our resources towards: 
 
 Serving as good stewards of our environment and natural resources 
 Improving water availability and resilience for our communities where we operate; reducing GHG emissions through energy conservation and renewable energy initiatives; and reducing operational waste and enhancing our use of returnable, recyclable, or renewable packaging 
 Enhancing social equity within our industry and communities 
 Championing the professional development and advancement of women in the beverage alcohol industry and our communities; enhancing economic development and prosperity in disadvantaged communities; and c hampioning an inclusive workplace culture, characterized by diversity in background and thought, which reflects our consumers and the communities where we live and work 
 Promoting responsible beverage alcohol consumption 
 Ensuring the responsible promotion and marketing of our products; and empowering adults to make responsible choices in their alcohol (substance) consumption by supporting fact-based education, engagement programs, and policies 
 
 Divestitures, Acquisitions, and Investments 
 
 Beer segment 
 Mexicali Brewery 
 In July 2024, we sold the remaining assets classified as held for sale at the canceled Mexicali Brewery. 
 
 Craft Beer Divestitures 
 In June 2023, we completed the Craft Beer Divestitures. Accordingly, our consolidated results of operations include the results of operations of such craft beer brands through the dates of these divestitures. The Craft Beer Divestitures are consistent with our strategic focus on continuing to grow our high-end imported beer brands through maintenance of leading margins and enhancements to our results of operations. 
 
 Daleville Facility 
 In May 2023, we sold the Daleville Facility in connection with our decision to exit the craft beer business. 
 
 Wine and Spirits segment 
 Sea Smoke acquisition 
 In June 2024, we acquired the Sea Smoke business, including a California-based luxury wine brand, vineyards, and a production facility. This transaction also included the acquisition of goodwill, inventory, and a trademark. The results of operations of Sea Smoke are reported in the Wine and Spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. This acquisition supports our strategic focus on consumer-led premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of our consumers. 
 
 Corporate Operations and Other segment 
 Corporate ventures 
 As of August 31, 2024, we evaluated an equity method investment, made through our corporate venture capital function, and determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment due to business underperformance. 
 
 As of August 31, 2023, we evaluated certain equity method investments, made through our corporate venture capital function, and determined there were other-than-temporary impairments due to business underperformance. Investments with a 14.9 million carrying value were written down to 2.6 million, their 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 29 

MD A Table of Contents 

estimated fair value, resulting in a 12.3 million impairment. This loss from impairment was included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results for Second Quarter 2024 and Six Months 2024. 
 
 Canopy investment 
 We have an investment in Canopy, a North American cannabis and CPG company providing medical and adult-use cannabis products, which expands our portfolio into adjacent categories. 
 
 Exchangeable Shares 
 In April 2024, we elected to convert our 17.1 million Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares on a one-for-one basis. Additionally, in April 2024, we exchanged C 81.2 million of the principal amount of our 2023 Canopy Promissory Note for 9.1 million Exchangeable Shares and forgave all accrued but unpaid interest together with the remaining principal amount of the note. As a result of these transactions, we (i) have 26.3 million Exchangeable Shares and (ii) recognized an 83.3 million net gain based on the fair value of Exchangeable Shares on the date of the conversion and exchange. This net gain is included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results of operations for Six Months 2025. 
 
 Canopy Equity Method Investment 
 We evaluated the Canopy Equity Method Investment as of May 31, 2023, and determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment. Our conclusion was based on several contributing factors, including: (i) the fair value being less than the carrying value and the uncertainty surrounding Canopy s stock price recovering in the near-term, (ii) Canopy recorded significant costs in its fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 results designed to align its Canadian cannabis operations and resources in response to continued unfavorable market trends, (iii) the substantial doubt about Canopy s ability to continue as a going concern, as disclosed by Canopy, and (iv) Canopy s identification of material misstatements in certain of its previously reported financial results related to sales in its BioSteel Sports Nutrition Inc. reporting unit that were accounted for incorrectly, including the recording of a goodwill impairment during its restated second quarter of fiscal 2023. As a result, the Canopy Equity Method Investment with a 266.2 million carrying value was written down to 142.7 million, its estimated fair value, resulting in a 123.5 million impairment. This loss from impairment was included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results for Six Months 2024. We no longer apply the equity method to our investment in Canopy following the April 2024 conversion of our Canopy common shares to Exchangeable Shares. 
 
 Other Canopy investments 
 In April 2023, we extended the maturity of the remaining C 100.0 million principal amount of our then-existing Canopy Debt Securities by exchanging them for the 2023 Canopy Promissory Note. The fair value of the Canopy Debt Securities was 69.6 million as of February 28, 2023. As of May 31, 2023, we determined that the 2023 Canopy Promissory Note did not have future economic value and, accordingly, the fair value was reduced to zero. 
 
 For additional information on these divestitures, acquisitions, and investments refer to Notes 4, 5, and 7. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Financial Highlights 
 
 Second Quarter 2025 compared with Second Quarter 2024 
 
 Our results of operations were negatively impacted by the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment, partially offset by improvements within the Beer segment driven by a successful execution of cost savings initiatives and 4.6 shipment volume growth. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 30 

MD A Table of Contents 

Net sales increased 3 largely due to an increase in Beer net sales driven primarily by shipment volume growth and favorable impact from pricing, partially offset by a decline in Wine and Spirits net sales led by a decrease in branded shipment volume and unfavorable product mix. 
 
 Operating loss increased largely due to the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment, partially offset by the improvements within the Beer segment resulting from Second Quarter 2025 shipment volume growth, favorable pricing, and lower cost of product sold, driven by the successful execution of cost savings initiatives. 
 
 Net loss attributable to CBI and diluted net loss per common share attributable to CBI increased largely due to the items discussed above, partially offset by a benefit from income taxes as compared to a provision for income taxes for Second Quarter 2024. 
 
 Six Months 2025 compared to Six Months 2024 
 
 Our results of operations were negatively impacted by the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment, partially offset by Canopy-related activities, including (i) no longer recognizing equity losses from Canopy s results following the conversion of our Canopy common shares to Exchangeable Shares, (ii) an impairment of our then-existing Canopy Equity Method Investment (Six Months 2024), (iii) a decrease in unrealized net losses from the changes in fair value of our investment in Canopy, and (iv) a net gain on the common shares conversion and 2023 Canopy Promissory Note exchange to Exchangeable Shares during the Six Months 2025, and improvements within the Beer segment driven by 6.0 shipment volume growth and the successful execution of cost savings initiatives. 
 
 Net sales increased 4 largely due to an increase in Beer net sales driven primarily by shipment volume growth and favorable impact from pricing, partially offset by a decline in Wine and Spirits net sales led by a decrease in branded shipment volume and unfavorable product mix. 
 
 Operating loss increased largely due to the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment, partially offset by the improvements within the Beer segment resulting from shipment volume growth, favorable pricing, and lower cost of product sold, driven by the successful execution of cost savings initiatives. 
 
 Net loss attributable to CBI and diluted net loss per common share attributable to CBI increased largely due to the items discussed above, partially offset by a benefit from income taxes as compared to a provision for income taxes for Six Months 2024. 
 
 Comparable Adjustments 
 
 Management excludes items that affect comparability from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these Comparable Adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. Segment operating performance and the incentive compensation of segment management are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss) which does not include the impact of these Comparable Adjustments. 
 
 As more fully described herein and in the related Notes, the Comparable Adjustments that impacted comparability in our segment results for each period are as follows: 
 Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 (in millions) Cost of product sold Net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts (24.3) 19.1 (9.7) (15.6) Flow through of inventory step-up (1.3) (0.8) (2.4) (1.5) Settlements of undesignated commodity derivative contracts 7.0 5.6 15.5 6.2 Comparable Adjustments, Cost of product sold (18.6) 23.9 3.4 (10.9) 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 31 

MD A Table of Contents 

Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 (in millions) Selling, general, and administrative expenses Restructuring and other strategic business development costs (24.5) (3.4) (26.3) (18.3) Transition services agreements activity (4.8) (7.0) (7.6) (12.7) Transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs (0.6) (0.3) (0.8) (0.6) Other gains (losses) 
 (20.7) (2.3) (20.3) (9.1) Comparable Adjustments, Selling, general, and administrative expenses (50.6) (13.0) (55.0) (40.7) Goodwill impairment 
 (2,250.0) (2,250.0) Comparable Adjustments, Operating income (loss) (2,319.2) 10.9 (2,301.6) (51.6) Comparable Adjustments, Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments (4.5) (7.4) 78.8 (391.8) 
 
 Cost of product sold 
 Undesignated commodity derivative contracts 
 Net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts represents a net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of undesignated commodity derivative contracts. The net gain (loss) is reported outside of segment operating results until such time that the underlying exposure is recognized in the segment operating results. At settlement, the net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of the undesignated commodity derivative contracts is reported in the appropriate operating segment, allowing the results of our operating segments to reflect the economic effects of the commodity derivative contracts without the resulting unrealized mark to fair value volatility. 
 
 Flow through of inventory step-up 
 In connection with acquisitions, the allocation of purchase price in excess of book value for certain inventories on hand at the date of acquisition is referred to as inventory step-up. Inventory step-up represents an assumed manufacturing profit attributable to the acquired business prior to acquisition. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 Restructuring and other strategic business development costs 
 We recognized costs in connection with certain activities which are intended to streamline, increase efficiencies, and reduce our cost structure primarily within our Wine and Spirits segment. 
 
 Transition services agreements activity 
 We recognized costs in connection with transition services agreements related to the previous sale of a portion of our wine and spirits business. 
 
 Transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs 
 We recognized costs in connection with our investments, acquisitions, and divestitures. 
 
 Other gains (losses) 
 We recognized other gains (losses) primarily from (i) a net loss on foreign currency as a result of the resolution of various tax examinations and assessments (Second Quarter 2025, Six Months 2025), (ii) losses on the sales of the Daleville Facility and Craft Beer Divestitures (Second Quarter 2024, Six Months 2024), and (iii) recognition of a previously deferred gain upon release of a related indemnity (Second Quarter 2024, Six Months 2024). 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 32 

MD A Table of Contents 

Goodwill impairment 
 We recognized a goodwill impairment in connection with negative trends within our Wine and Spirits business. For additional information, refer to Notes 4, 5, and 9. 
 
 Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments 
 We recognized income (loss) primarily from (i) a net gain on conversion and exchange to Exchangeable Shares (Six Months 2025), (ii) comparable adjustments to equity in losses from Canopy s results (Second Quarter 2024, Six Months 2024), (iii) an impairment of our then-existing Canopy Equity Method Investment (Six Months 2024), (iv) unrealized net losses from the changes in fair value of our securities measured at fair value, and (v) impairments of certain other equity method investments. For additional information, refer to Notes 4 and 7. 
 
 Business Segments 
 Second Quarter 2025 compared to Second Quarter 2024 
 
 Net sales 
 Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Beer 2,530.2 2,392.7 137.5 6 Wine and Spirits: Wine 336.2 383.9 (47.7) (12 Spirits 52.5 60.2 (7.7) (13 Total Wine and Spirits 388.7 444.1 (55.4) (12 Consolidated net sales 2,918.9 2,836.8 82.1 3 

Beer segment Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions, branded product, 24-pack, 12-ounce case equivalents) Net sales 2,530.2 2,392.7 137.5 6 Shipments 128.6 123.0 4.6 Depletions 
 2.4 
 
 The increase in Beer net sales is due to (i) 108.9 million of shipment volume growth, which benefited from continued consumer demand, and (ii) 50.2 million of favorable impact from pricing in select markets, partially offset by 21.6 million of unfavorable product mix primarily from a shift in package types. 

Wine and Spirits segment Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions, branded product, 9-liter case equivalents) Net sales 388.7 444.1 (55.4) (12 Shipments 5.5 6.1 (9.8 U.S. Wholesale shipments 4.9 5.3 (7.5 Depletions 
 (17.6 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 33 

MD A Table of Contents 

The decrease in Wine and Spirits net sales is largely driven by (i) a 34.5 million decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, (ii) 28.9 million of unfavorable product mix, primarily driven by a decline in demand for certain of our mainstream and premium brands, and (iii) a 7.9 million decrease in non-branded net sales led by a decline in bulk wine sales, partially offset by 14.3 million from higher contractual distributor payments as compared to Second Quarter 2024. The decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume is attributable to our U.S. wholesale market, primarily driven by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands, as well as retailer inventory destocking. For Second Quarter 2025 , the depletions decline outpaced the U.S. Wholesale shipments decline largely driven by challenging U.S. market conditions. 
 
 Gross profit 
 Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Beer 1,366.4 1,228.7 137.7 11 Wine and Spirits 164.0 197.3 (33.3) (17 Comparable Adjustments (18.6) 23.9 (42.5) NM Consolidated gross profit 1,511.8 1,449.9 61.9 4 

The increase in Beer gross profit is due to (i) 55.9 million of shipment volume growth, (ii) the 50.2 million favorable impact from pricing, and (iii) 44.5 million of reduced cost of product sold, partially offset by 12.9 million of unfavorable product mix. The reduced cost of product sold is primarily due to (i) 18.8 million of favorable fixed cost absorption related to increased production levels as compared to Second Quarter 2024, (ii) 12.7 million of decreased transportation costs and 7.7 million of lower material costs, including cartons, aluminum, and lumber, each driven by efficiency initiatives, and (iii) 16.2 million of Second Quarter 2024 costs related to a voluntary product recall of select kegs, partially offset by (i) 5.8 million of higher depreciation resulting from the Mexico Beer Projects and (ii) a 5.0 million increase in brewery costs, including compensation and benefits. To partially offset the expected increases in cost of product sold we are executing efficiency initiatives focused largely on logistics and procurement that resulted in over 65 million of cost savings for Second Quarter 2025 . 
 
 The decrease in Wine and Spirits gross profit is attributable to (i) 32.5 million of unfavorable product mix from lower-margin net sales and (ii) an 18.4 million decline in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, partially offset by (i) the 14.3 million favorable impact from higher contractual distributor payments and (ii) 2.3 million of reduced cost of product sold. The decrease in cost of product sold was largely attributable to lower operational costs, including short-term incentive accruals, and transportation and warehousing costs as compared to Second Quarter 2024, partially offset by increased raw materials costs, including grapes. 
 
 Gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 51.8 for Second Quarter 2025 compared with 51.1 for Second Quarter 2024. This increase was largely due to (i) approximately 155 basis points of rate growth from lower cost of product sold within the Beer segment, (ii) 85 basis points of favorable impact from Beer pricing, and (iii) approximately 30 basis points of favorable impact driven by higher contractual distributor payments within the Wine and Spirits segment, partially offset by (i) an unfavorable change of approximately 150 basis points in Comparable Adjustments and (ii) approximately 65 basis points of rate decline resulting from unfavorable product mix within the Wine and Spirits segment. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 34 

MD A Table of Contents 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Beer 288.7 274.8 13.9 5 Wine and Spirits 93.5 116.6 (23.1) (20 Corporate Operations and Other 58.4 66.8 (8.4) (13 Comparable Adjustments 50.6 13.0 37.6 NM Consolidated selling, general, and administrative expenses 491.2 471.2 20.0 4 

The increase in Beer selling, general, and administrative expenses is largely driven by 22.6 million of additional marketing spend primarily led by advertising campaigns to support our high-end imported beer brands as well as new product launches , partially offset by 8.9 million of decreased general and administrative expenses primarily due to lower short-term incentive accruals as compared to Second Quarter 2024. 

The decrease in Wine and Spirits selling, general, and administrative expenses is largely due to (i) 17.4 million of decreased general and administrative expenses primarily due to lower short-term incentive accruals and litigation expenses as compared to Second Quarter 2024 and (ii) 5.2 million of lower marketing spend. Marketing as a percentage of net sales remained consistent year-over-year. 

The decrease in Corporate Operations and Other selling, general, and administrative expenses is largely due to a tax credit resulting from our Second Quarter 2025 corporate headquarters relocation. Compensation and benefits remained relatively flat as compared to Second Quarter 2024, as higher stock-based compensation expense and merit increases were offset by lower short-term incentive accruals. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales increased to 16.8 for Second Quarter 2025 as compared to 16.6 for Second Quarter 2024 . The increase is largely driven by an unfavorable change in Comparable Adjustments, contributing approximately 110 basis points of rate growth, partially offset by approximately (i) 40 basis points and 25 basis points of rate declines from Wine and Spirits and Corporate Operations and Other selling, general, and administrative expenses, respectively, and (ii) 25 basis points of rate decline as the increase in Beer net sales exceeded the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses . 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Beer 1,077.7 953.9 123.8 13 Wine and Spirits 70.5 80.7 (10.2) (13 Corporate Operations and Other (58.4) (66.8) 8.4 13 Comparable Adjustments (2,319.2) 10.9 (2,330.1) NM Consolidated operating income (loss) (1,229.4) 978.7 (2,208.1) NM 

The increase in Beer operating income is largely attributable to the cost savings initiatives, shipment volume growth, and favorable impacts from pricing and fixed cost absorption, partially offset by the increased marketing spend as described above. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 35 

MD A Table of Contents 

The decrease in Wine and Spirits operating income is largely attributable to the unfavorable product mix and decline in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, partially offset by decreased selling, general, and administrative expenses and the higher contractual distributor payments as described above. 

As previously discussed, the decrease in Corporate Operations and Other operating loss is largely due to the tax credit. 

Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments 
 Second Quarter 2025 Second Quarter 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Equity in earnings (losses) from other equity method investees and related activities 3.4 6.7 (3.3) (49 Equity in earnings (losses) from Canopy and related activities (12.0) 12.0 NM Impairment of equity method investments 
 (2.1) (12.3) 10.2 83 Unrealized net gain (loss) on securities measured at fair value (2.5) (2.6) 0.1 4 (1.2) (20.2) 19.0 94 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net decreased to 104.0 million for Second Quarter 2025 as compared to 110.6 million for Second Quarter 2024. This decrease of 6.6 million, or 6 , is largely due to (i) approximately 195 million of lower average borrowings driven by the term loan facility repayment during Second Quarter 2024 and (ii) an increase in capitalized interest in connection with the Mexico Beer Projects as compared to the Second Quarter 2024. For additional information, refer to Note 8. 
 
 (Provision for) benefit from income taxes 
 The (provision for) benefit from income taxes increased to 152.2 million for Second Quarter 2025 from (147.2) million for Second Quarter 2024. Our effective tax rate for Second Quarter 2025 was 11.4 as compared with 17.4 for Second Quarter 2024. In comparison to prior year, our income taxes were impacted primarily by the net income tax impacts resulting from the (i) non-deductible portion of the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment and (ii) sale of the remaining assets at the canceled Mexicali Brewery. 
 
 For additional information, refer to Note 9. 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to CBI 
 Net income (loss) attributable to CBI decreased to (1,199.0) million for Second Quarter 2025 from 690.0 million for Second Quarter 2024. This decrease of 1,889.0 million is largely attributable to the Second Quarter 2025 Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment, partially offset by the benefit from income taxes and improvements within the Beer segment driven by the successful execution of cost savings initiatives, shipment volume growth, and favorable pricing. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 36 

MD A Table of Contents 

Six Months 2025 compared to Six Months 2024 
 
 Net sales 
 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Beer 4,803.0 4,491.3 311.7 7 Wine and Spirits: Wine 665.5 744.9 (79.4) (11 Spirits 112.2 115.5 (3.3) (3 Total Wine and Spirits 777.7 860.4 (82.7) (10 Consolidated net sales 5,580.7 5,351.7 229.0 4 

Beer segment Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions, branded product, 24-pack, 12-ounce case equivalents) Net sales 4,803.0 4,491.3 311.7 7 Shipments 243.7 230.0 6.0 Depletions (1) 
 4.2 
 (1) Includes an adjustment to remove volumes associated with the Craft Beer Divestitures for the period March 1, 2023, through May 31, 2023. 
 The increase in Beer net sales is due to (i) 265.4 million of shipment volume growth, which benefited from continued consumer demand, and (ii) 85.2 million of favorable impact from pricing in select markets, partially offset by 38.9 million of unfavorable product mix primarily from a shift in package types. We expect shipments to generally align with depletions for Fiscal 2025. 

Wine and Spirits segment Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions, branded product, 9-liter case equivalents) Net sales 777.7 860.4 (82.7) (10 Shipments 
 11.1 12.0 (7.5 U.S. Wholesale shipments 
 9.8 10.5 (6.7 Depletions 
 (15.1 
 
 The decrease in Wine and Spirits net sales is largely driven by (i) a 58.1 million decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, (ii) 37.0 million of unfavorable product mix, primarily driven by a decline in demand for certain of our mainstream and premium brands, and (iii) an 8.2 million decrease in non-branded net sales led by a decline in bulk wine sales, partially offset by 18.6 million from higher contractual distributor payments as compared to Six Months 2024. The decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume is attributable to our U.S. wholesale market, primarily driven by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands, as well as retailer inventory destocking. For Six Months 2025, the depletions decline outpaced the U.S. Wholesale shipments decline largely driven by challenging U.S. market conditions. We expect U.S. Wholesale shipment volume to generally align with depletion volume for Fiscal 2025. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 37 

MD A Table of Contents 

Gross profit 
 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Beer 2,579.5 2,327.4 252.1 11 Wine and Spirits 332.7 391.2 (58.5) (15 Comparable Adjustments 3.4 (10.9) 14.3 NM Consolidated gross profit 2,915.6 2,707.7 207.9 8 

The increase in Beer gross profit is primarily due to (i) 141.2 million of shipment volume growth, (ii) the 85.2 million of favorable impact from pricing, and (iii) 52.6 million of reduced cost of product sold, partially offset by 26.9 million of unfavorable product mix. The reduced cost of product sold is primarily due to (i) 31.3 million of favorable fixed cost absorption related to increased production levels as compared to Six Months 2024, (ii) 23.5 million of decreased transportation costs and 15.7 million of lower material costs, including aluminum, glass, cartons, and lumber, each driven by efficiency initiatives, and (iii) 16.2 million due to costs related to a voluntary product recall of select kegs for Six Months 2024, partially offset by (i) an 11.8 million increase in brewery costs, including compensation and benefits, and (ii) 10.8 million of higher depreciation resulting from the Mexico Beer Projects. To partially offset the increases in cost of product sold we are executing initiatives focused largely on logistics and procurement that resulted in nearly 115 million of cost savings for Six Months 2025 . 

The decrease in Wine and Spirits gross profit is attributable to (i) 38.2 million of unfavorable product mix from lower-margin net sales, (ii) a 30.4 million decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, and (iii) 10.6 million of increased cost of product sold, partially offset by the 18.6 million favorable impact from higher contractual distributor payments. The increase in cost of product sold was largely attributable to unfavorable fixed cost absorption related to decreased production levels as compared to Six Months 2024 and increased raw materials costs, including grapes, partially offset by lower operational costs, including short-term incentive accruals, and decreased transportation and warehousing costs. 

Gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 52.2 for Six Months 2025 compared with 50.6 for Six Months 2024. This increase was largely due to (i) 95 basis points of rate growth from lower cost of product sold within the Beer segment, (ii) 75 basis points of favorable impact from Beer pricing, (iii) a favorable change of approximately 25 basis points in Comparable Adjustments, and (iv) approximately 20 basis points of favorable impact driven by higher contractual distributor payments within the Wine and Spirits segment, partially offset by 35 basis points and approximately 20 basis points of rate declines resulting from unfavorable product mix and higher cost of product sold, respectively, both within the Wine and Spirits segment. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Beer 578.8 575.7 3.1 1 Wine and Spirits 202.5 231.2 (28.7) (12 Corporate Operations and Other 117.1 116.7 0.4 Comparable Adjustments 55.0 40.7 14.3 NM Consolidated selling, general, and administrative expenses 953.4 964.3 (10.9) (1 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 38 

MD A Table of Contents 

The increase in Beer selling, general, and administrative expenses is largely driven by 14.1 million of additional marketing spend primarily led by advertising campaigns to support our high-end imported beer brands as well as new product launches , predominantly offset by 10.9 million of decreased general and administrative expenses primarily due to decreased legal expenses and lower short-term incentive accruals, partially offset by higher stock-based compensation expense. 

The decrease in Wine and Spirits selling, general, and administrative expenses is largely driven by 22.9 million and 5.6 million of decreased general and administrative expenses and marketing spend, respectively. The decrease in general and administrative expenses is primarily due to (i) compensation and benefits, driven by lower short-term incentive accruals and reduced headcount as compared to Six Months 2024 and (ii) lower litigation expenses. Marketing spend as a percentage of net sales remained relatively consistent year-over-year. 

Corporate Operations and Other selling, general, and administrative expenses remained relatively flat compared to Six Months 2024 as higher stock-based compensation expense and merit increases were offset by a tax credit resulting from our Second Quarter 2025 corporate headquarters relocation and decreased costs associated with lower short-term incentive accruals. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales decreased to 17.1 for Six Months 2025 as compared with 18.0 for Six Months 2024. The decrease is largely driven by (i) approximately 95 basis points of rate decline as the increase in Beer net sales exceeded the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses and (ii) approximately 25 basis points of rate decline from a decrease in Wine and Spirits selling, general, and administrative expenses, partially offset by an unfavorable change in Comparable Adjustments, contributing approximately 25 basis points of rate growth. 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Beer 2,000.7 1,751.7 249.0 14 Wine and Spirits 130.2 160.0 (29.8) (19 Corporate Operations and Other (117.1) (116.7) (0.4) Comparable Adjustments (2,301.6) (51.6) (2,250.0) NM Consolidated operating income (loss) (287.8) 1,743.4 (2,031.2) (117 

The increase in Beer operating income is largely attributable to the shipment volume growth, cost savings initiatives, and favorable impacts from pricing and fixed cost absorption, partially offset by the unfavorable product mix as describe above. 

The decrease in Wine and Spirits operating income is largely attributable to the unfavorable product mix, the decline in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, and the higher cost of product sold, partially offset by decreased selling, general, and administrative expenses and the higher contractual distributor payments, as described above. 

As previously discussed, the Corporate Operations and Other operating loss remained relatively flat as compared to Six Months 2024 as the higher net compensation and benefit expenses were offset by the tax credit. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 39 

MD A Table of Contents 

Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments 
 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change Percent Change (in millions) Net gain on conversion and exchange to Exchangeable Shares 
 83.3 83.3 NM Equity in earnings (losses) from other equity method investees 2.1 6.4 (4.3) (67 Equity in earnings (losses) from Canopy and related activities (231.8) 231.8 NM Impairment of equity method investments 
 (2.1) (135.8) 133.7 98 Unrealized net gain (loss) on securities measured at fair value (2.5) (74.4) 71.9 97 80.8 (435.6) 516.4 119 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net decreased to 206.8 million for Six Months 2025 as compared to 229.5 million for Six Months 2024. This decrease of 22.7 million, or 10 , is due to (i) approximately 380 million of lower short-term and long-term average borrowings, (ii) an increase in capitalized interest in connection with the Mexico Beer Projects as compared to Six Months 2024, and (iii) approximately 5 basis points of lower weighted average interest rates. For additional information, refer to Note 8. 
 
 (Provision for) benefit from income taxes 
 The (provision for) benefit from income taxes increased to 124.2 million for Six Months 2025 from (238.4) million for Six Months 2024. Our effective tax rate for Six Months 2025 was 30.0 as compared with 22.1 for Six Months 2024. In comparison to prior year, our income taxes were impacted primarily by: 
 
 a Six Months 2025 net income tax benefit recognized as a result of the resolution of various tax examinations and assessments related to prior periods; partially offset by 
 the net income tax impacts resulting from the (i) non-deductible portion of the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment and (ii) sale of the remaining assets at the canceled Mexicali Brewery. 
 
 For additional information, refer to Note 9. 
 
 We expect our reported effective tax rate for Fiscal 2025 to be in the range of 8 to 10 . 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to CBI 
 Net income (loss) attributable to CBI decreased to (322.0) million for Six Months 2025 from 825.9 million for Six Months 2024. This decrease of 1,147.9 million is largely attributable to the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment, partially offset by (i) the favorable impact from Canopy-related activities, (ii) the benefit from income taxes, and (iii) Six Months 2025 improvements within the Beer segment driven by shipment volume growth and the successful execution of cost savings initiatives. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 General 
 
 Our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operating activities. Our ability to consistently generate robust cash flow from our operations is one of our most significant financial strengths; it enables us to invest in our people and our brands, make capital investments and strategic acquisitions, provide a cash dividend program, and from time-to-time, repurchase shares of our common stock. Our largest use of cash in our operations is for purchasing and carrying inventories and carrying seasonal accounts receivable. Historically, we 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 40 

MD A Table of Contents 

have used this cash flow to repay our short-term borrowings and fund capital expenditures. Additionally, our commercial paper program is used to fund our short-term borrowing requirements and to maintain our access to the capital markets. We use our short-term borrowings, including our commercial paper program, to support our working capital requirements and capital expenditures, among other things. 
 
 We seek to maintain adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. Absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating and financing activities will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share repurchases, and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs. 
 
 We have an agreement with a financial institution for payment services and to facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program through this participating financial institution. The program is available to certain of our suppliers allowing them the option to manage their cash flow. We are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institution and the suppliers in connection with the program. Our rights and obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. As of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, the amount payable to this participating financial institution for suppliers who voluntarily participate in the supply chain finance program was 7.5 million and 7.3 million, respectively, and was included in accounts payable within our consolidated balance sheets. We account for payments made under the supply chain finance program the same as our other accounts payable, as a reduction to our cash flow from operating activities. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change (in millions) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 1,872.3 1,622.0 250.3 Investing activities (857.6) (600.9) (256.7) Financing activities (1,104.0) (1,072.4) (31.6) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 1.5 1.1 0.4 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (87.8) (50.2) (37.6) 
 
 Operating activities 
 The increase in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities consists of: 
 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change (in millions) Net income (loss) (289.6) 839.9 (1,129.5) Unrealized net (gain) loss on securities measured at fair value 2.5 74.4 (71.9) Deferred tax provision (benefit) (178.5) 26.3 (204.8) Equity in (earnings) losses of equity method investees and related activities, net of distributed earnings (1.9) 226.5 (228.4) Impairment of equity method investments 
 2.1 135.8 (133.7) Net gain on conversion and exchange to Exchangeable Shares 
 (83.3) (83.3) Goodwill impairment 
 2,250.0 2,250.0 Other non-cash adjustments 185.8 388.4 (202.6) Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from purchase and sale of business (14.8) (69.3) 54.5 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 1,872.3 1,622.0 250.3 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 41 

MD A Table of Contents 

The 54.5 million net change in operating assets and liabilities was largely driven by higher (i) accounts payable for the Beer segment resulting from the timing of payments and (ii) inventory levels for the Wine and Spirits segment led by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands, as well as retailer inventory destocking. These changes were offset by lower (i) inventory levels for the Beer segment driven by higher demand for our products and (ii) accounts receivable for the Wine and Spirits segment resulting from reduced net sales. Additionally, net cash provided by operating activities was negatively impacted by higher Six Months 2025 income tax payments following the resolution of various tax examinations and assessments as compared to Six Months 2024. 
 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased to 857.6 million for Six Months 2025 from 600.9 million for Six Months 2024. This increase of 256.7 million, or 43 , was primarily due to a 150.8 million increase in business acquisitions, driven by the June 2024 Sea Smoke acquisition, and 121.1 million of additional capital expenditures, largely related to the Mexico Beer Projects. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was partially offset by 18.0 million in higher proceeds from the sale of assets for Six Months 2025 as compared to Six Months 2024. 
 
 Financing activities 
 The increase in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities consists of: 
 Six Months 2025 Six Months 2024 Dollar Change (in millions) Net proceeds from (payments of) debt, current and long-term, and related activities (287.6) (763.5) 475.9 Dividends paid (368.6) (327.6) (41.0) Purchases of treasury stock (449.2) (35.0) (414.2) Net cash provided by stock-based compensation activities 34.6 75.0 (40.4) Distributions to noncontrolling interests (32.5) (21.3) (11.2) Payment of contingent consideration 
 (0.7) (0.7) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (1,104.0) (1,072.4) (31.6) 
 
 Debt 
 
 Total debt outstanding as of August 31, 2024, amounted to 11,596.4 million, a decrease of 282.9 million, or 2 , from February 29, 2024. This decrease consisted of: 
 
 Debt repayment Debt issuance 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 42 

MD A Table of Contents 

Bank facilities 
 The Company, CB International, the Administrative Agent, and certain other lenders are parties to the 2022 Credit Agreement. The October 2022 Credit Agreement Amendment revised certain defined terms and covenants in the 2022 Credit Agreement and became effective in April 2024 following (i) the amendment by Canopy of its Articles of Incorporation, (ii) the conversion of our Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares, and (iii) the resignation of our nominees from the board of directors of Canopy. 
 
 General 
 The majority of our outstanding borrowings as of August 31, 2024, consisted of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, with maturities ranging from calendar 2024 to calendar 2050. 
 
 Additionally, we have a commercial paper program which provides for the issuance of up to an aggregate principal amount of 2.25 billion of commercial paper. Our commercial paper program is backed by unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 Credit Agreement. Accordingly, outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program reduce the amount available under our revolving credit facility. 
 
 We do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper and, therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. If the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when commercial paper borrowings mature, we will utilize unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 Credit Agreement to repay commercial paper borrowings. We do not expect that fluctuations in demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity given our borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility. 
 
 We had the following remaining borrowing capacity available under our 2022 Credit Agreement: 
 August 31, 2024 September 30, 2024 (in millions) Revolving credit facility (1) 
 1,729.7 1,877.7 
 (1) Net of outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings and outstanding letters of credit under our 2022 Credit Agreement and outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program (excluding unamortized discount) of 509.0 million and 361.0 million as of August 31, 2024 , and September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 The financial institutions participating in our 2022 Credit Agreement have complied with prior funding requests and we believe they will comply with any future funding requests. However, there can be no assurances that any particular financial institution will continue to do so. 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, we and our subsidiaries were subject to covenants that are contained in our 2022 Credit Agreement, including those restricting the incurrence of additional subsidiary indebtedness, additional liens, mergers and consolidations, transactions with affiliates, and sale and leaseback transactions, in each case subject to numerous conditions, exceptions, and thresholds. The financial covenants are limited to a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum net leverage ratio, both as defined in our 2022 Credit Agreement. As of August 31, 2024, under our 2022 Credit Agreement, the minimum interest coverage ratio was 2.5x and the maximum net leverage ratio was 4.0x. 
 
 Our indentures relating to our outstanding senior notes contain certain covenants, including, but not limited to: (i) a limitation on liens on certain assets, (ii) a limitation on certain sale and leaseback transactions, and (iii) restrictions on mergers, consolidations, and the transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another person. 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, we were in compliance with our covenants under our 2022 Credit Agreement and our indentures, and have met all debt payment obligations. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 43 

MD A Table of Contents 

For further discussion and presentation of our borrowings and available sources of borrowing, refer to Note 12 of our consolidated financial statements included in our 2024 Annual Report and Note 8. 
 
 Common Stock Dividends 
 
 On October 1, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 1.01 per share of Class A Stock and 0.91 per share of Class 1 Stock payable on November 21, 2024, to stockholders of record of each class as of the close of business on November 5, 2024. 
 
 We currently expect to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of our common stock in the future, but such payments are subject to approval of our Board of Directors and are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2024 Annual Report as supplemented by the additional factors set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 Our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our publicly traded common stock of up to 2.0 billion under the 2021 Authorization and an additional repurchase of up to 2.0 billion under the 2023 Authorization. 
 
 As of August 31, 2024, total shares repurchased under the 2021 Authorization and the 2023 Authorization are as follows: 
 Class A Stock 
 Repurchase Authorization Dollar Value of Shares Repurchased Number of Shares Repurchased (in millions, except share data) 2021 Authorization 2,000.0 1,835.5 7,653,557 2023 Authorization 2,000.0 
 
 Share repurchases under the 2021 Authorization and 2023 Authorization may be accomplished at management s discretion from time to time based on market conditions, our cash and debt position, and other factors as determined by management. Shares may be repurchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions. We may fund future share repurchases with cash generated from operations and/or proceeds from borrowings. Any repurchased shares will become treasury shares, including shares previously repurchased under the 2021 Authorization. 
 
 We currently expect to continue to repurchase shares in the future, but such repurchases are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2024 Annual Report as supplemented by the additional factors set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 For additional information, refer to Note 17 of our consolidated financial statements included in our 2024 Annual Report and Note 11. 
 
 Accounting Guidance 
 
 Accounting guidance adopted for Six Months 2025 did not have a material impact on our Financial Statements. 

Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 44 

MD A Table of Contents 

Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 
 The statements under MD A regarding: 
 our business strategy, strategic vision, growth plans, innovation and Digital Business Acceleration initiatives, new products, future operations, financial position, net sales, expenses, hedging programs, cost savings and efficiency initiatives, capital expenditures, effective tax rates and anticipated tax liabilities, expected volume, inventory, supply, and demand levels, balance, and trends, long-term financial model, access to capital markets, liquidity and capital resources, and prospects, plans, and objectives of management; 
 our beer expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities, including anticipated scope, capacity, costs, capital expenditures, and timeframes for completion; 
 our ESG strategy, sustainability initiatives, and environmental stewardship targets; 
 macroeconomic headwinds, including rising unemployment, inflation, changing prices, other unfavorable global and regional economic conditions, global supply chain disruptions and constraints, and geopolitical events, as well as reductions in consumer discretionary income, and shifting consumer behaviors, and our responses thereto; 
 expected or potential actions of third parties, including possible changes to laws, rules, and regulations; 
 the potential impact of climate-related severe weather events or other weather conditions; 
 the availability of a supply chain finance program; 
 the manner, timing, and duration of the share repurchase program and source of funds for share repurchases; 
 the amount and timing of future dividends and our target dividend payout ratio; and 
 our target net leverage ratio. 
 The statements regarding the future reclassification of net gains from AOCI. 
 The statements regarding potential future impairments of our Wine and Spirits goodwill or Canopy investment. 
 
 When used in this Form 10-Q, the words anticipate, expect, intend, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. In addition to the risks and uncertainties of ordinary business operations and conditions in the general economy and markets in which we compete, our forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q are also subject to the risk, uncertainty, and possible variance from our current expectations regarding: 
 
 water, agricultural and other raw material, and packaging material supply, production, and/or shipment difficulties which could adversely affect our ability to supply our customers; 
 the ability to respond to anticipated inflationary pressures, including reductions in consumer discretionary income and our ability to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices; 
 the actual impact to supply, production levels, and costs from global supply chain disruptions and constraints, transportation challenges (including from labor strikes or other labor activities), shifting consumer behaviors, wildfires, and severe weather events; 
 reliance on complex information systems and third party global networks as well as risks associated with cybersecurity and artificial intelligence; 
 economic and other uncertainties associated with our international operations; 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 45 

MD A Table of Contents 

dependence on limited facilities for production of our Mexican beer brands, including beer operations expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities, scope, capacity, supply, costs (including impairments), capital expenditures, and timing; 
 operational disruptions or catastrophic loss to our breweries, wineries, other production facilities, or distribution systems; 
 the impact of military conflicts, geopolitical tensions, and responses, including on inflation, supply chains, commodities, energy, and cybersecurity; 
 climate change, ESG regulatory compliance and failure to meet emissions, stewardship, and other ESG targets, objectives, or ambitions, and timing changes for our ESG reporting; 
 reliance on wholesale distributors, major retailers, and government agencies; 
 contamination and degradation of product quality from diseases, pests, weather, and other conditions; 
 communicable disease outbreaks, pandemics, or other widespread public health crises and associated governmental containment actions; 
 effects of employee labor activities that could increase our costs; 
 a potential decline in the consumption of products we sell and our dependence on sales of our Mexican beer brands; 
 impacts of our acquisition, divestiture, investment, and new product innovation strategies and activities, including the Sea Smoke acquisition; 
 the success of operational and commercial execution, cost savings, and efficiency initiatives; 
 dependence upon our trademarks and proprietary rights, including the failure to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 potential damage to our reputation; 
 competition in our industry and for talent; 
 our indebtedness and interest rate fluctuations; 
 our international operations, worldwide and regional economic trends and financial market conditions, including macroeconomic headwinds, geopolitical uncertainty, or other governmental rules and regulations; 
 class action or other litigation we may face; 
 potential write-downs of our intangible assets, such as goodwill and trademarks, including potential future impairments of our Wine and Spirits goodwill; 
 changes to tax laws, fluctuations in our effective tax rate, including tax impacts resulting from the non-deductible portion of the Wine and Spirits goodwill impairment and the sale of the remaining assets at the canceled Mexicali Brewery, accounting for tax positions, the resolution of tax disputes, changes to accounting standards, elections, assertions, or policies, and the impact of a global minimum tax rate; 
 the amount, timing, and source of funds for any share repurchases; 
 the amount and timing of future dividends; and 
 ownership of our Class A Stock by the Sands Family Stockholders and their Board of Director nomination rights as well as the choice-of-forum provision in our amended and restated by-laws. 
 
 For additional information about risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by our forward-looking statements, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2024 Annual Report as supplemented by the additional factors set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 46 

OTHER KEY INFORMATION Table of Contents 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 As a result of our global operating, investment, acquisition, divestiture, and financing activities, we are exposed to market risk associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. To manage the volatility relating to these risks, we periodically purchase and/or sell derivative instruments including foreign currency forward and option contracts, commodity swap contracts, interest rate swap contracts, and Pre-issuance hedge contracts. We use derivative instruments to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from shifts in market rates, as well as to hedge economic exposures. We do not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Foreign currency and commodity price risk 
 Foreign currency derivative instruments are or may be used to hedge existing foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, forecasted foreign currency denominated sales/purchases to/from third parties as well as intercompany sales/purchases, intercompany principal and interest payments, and in connection with investments, acquisitions, or divestitures outside the U.S. As of August 31, 2024, we had exposures to foreign currency risk primarily related to the Mexican peso, Canadian dollar, euro, and New Zealand dollar. Approximately 100 of our balance sheet exposures and 89 of our forecasted transactional exposures for the remaining six months of Fiscal 2025 were hedged as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 Commodity derivative instruments are or may be used to hedge forecasted commodity purchases from third parties as either economic hedges or accounting hedges. As of August 31, 2024, exposures to commodity price risk which we are currently hedging include aluminum, corn, diesel fuel, and natural gas prices. Approximately 87 of our forecasted transactional exposures for the remaining six months of Fiscal 2025 were hedged as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 We have performed a sensitivity analysis to estimate our exposure to market risk of foreign exchange rates and commodity prices reflecting the impact of a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the applicable market. The volatility of the applicable rates and prices is dependent on many factors which cannot be forecasted with reliable accuracy. Gains or losses from the revaluation or settlement of the related underlying positions would substantially offset such gains or losses on the derivative instruments. The aggregate notional value, estimated fair value, and sensitivity analysis for our open foreign currency and commodity derivative instruments are summarized as follows: 
 Aggregate Notional Value Fair Value, Net Asset (Liability) Increase (Decrease) in Fair Value Hypothetical 10 Adverse Change August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 (in millions) Foreign currency contracts 3,604.0 2,715.8 53.3 322.5 (198.6) (173.6) Commodity derivative contracts 342.8 344.6 (23.9) (10.5) 28.1 29.3 
 
 Interest rate risk 
 The estimated fair value of our fixed interest rate debt is subject to interest rate risk, credit risk, and foreign currency risk. In addition, we also have variable interest rate debt outstanding (primarily SOFR-based), certain of which includes a fixed margin subject to the same risks identified for our fixed interest rate debt. 
 
 There were no cash flow designated or undesignated interest rate swap contracts or Pre-issuance hedge contracts outstanding as of August 31, 2024, or August 31, 2023. 
 
 We have performed a sensitivity analysis to estimate our exposure to market risk of interest rates reflecting the impact of a hypothetical 1 increase in the prevailing interest rates. The volatility of the applicable rates is dependent on many factors which cannot be forecasted with reliable accuracy. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 47 

OTHER KEY INFORMATION Table of Contents 

The aggregate notional value, estimated fair value, and sensitivity analysis for our outstanding fixed-rate debt, including current maturities, are summarized as follows: 
 Aggregate Notional Value Fair Value, Net Asset (Liability) Increase (Decrease) in Fair Value Hypothetical 1 Rate Increase August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 (in millions) Fixed interest rate debt 11,161.8 11,322.7 (10,516.2) (10,311.8) (591.9) (622.1) 
 
 A 1 hypothetical change in the prevailing interest rates would have increased interest expense on our variable interest rate debt by 2.6 million and 6.0 million for the six months ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 For additional discussion on our market risk, refer to Notes 3 and 4. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting 
 In connection with the foregoing evaluation by our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, no changes were identified in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 48 

OTHER KEY INFORMATION Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 I tem 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 For information regarding Legal Proceedings, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 In addition to information discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed in the 2024 Annual Report. The risk factors associated with our business have not materially changed compared to the risk factors disclosed in the 2024 Annual Report except for the updated risk factor below. The risk factor described below and the additional risks described in the 2024 Annual Report are not the only risks we face. Additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could materially affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations in future periods. The following risk factor is organized under a relevant heading; however, it may be relevant to other headings as well. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 Dependence upon trademarks and proprietary rights, failure to protect our intellectual property rights 
 Our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. We have been granted numerous trademark registrations and use certain trademarks under license covering our brands and products, and we have filed, and expect to continue to file or have filed on our behalf, trademark applications seeking to protect newly developed brands and products. We cannot be sure that trademark registrations will be issued with respect to any of such trademark applications. We could also, by omission, fail to timely renew or protect a trademark and our competitors could challenge, invalidate, or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to, or licensed by, us. 
 
 Our subsidiaries CB Brand Strategies, LLC, Crown Imports LLC, and Compa a Cervecera de Coahuila, S. de R.L. de C.V. were named as defendants in a lawsuit originally filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on February 15, 2021, and most recently amended in March 2022, by Cervecer a Modelo de M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. and Trademarks Grupo Modelo, S. de R.L. de C.V. The plaintiffs alleged, among other things, that our sub-license of the trademarks for our Mexican beer brands should not permit us to use the Corona brand name on our Corona Hard Seltzer or the Modelo brand name on our Modelo Ranch Water. At a trial in March 2023, the jury returned a unanimous verdict in our favor on all counts in the plaintiffs complaint, and the court entered judgment dismissing the complaint. In May 2023, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In March 2024, the Second Circuit issued an order affirming the judgment of the district court. Plaintiffs did not petition the U.S. Supreme Court for a Writ of Certiorari prior to the June 24, 2024 deadline. Consequently, the district court s judgment dismissing this case is final and no longer subject to appeal. 
 
 We have been and may continue to be subject to other litigation related to our trademarks and intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently unpredictable and subject to substantial uncertainties and unfavorable developments and resolutions could occur. A substantial adverse judgment or other unfavorable resolution of these matters or our failure to otherwise protect our intellectual property rights as well as the costs associated with such activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 

Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 49 

OTHER KEY INFORMATION Table of Contents 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Approximate 
 Dollar Value 
 of Shares that 
 May Yet Be 
 Purchased 
 Under the 
 Program (1)(2) 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) June 1 30, 2024 
 169,415 249.94 169,415 2,371.4 July 1 31, 2024 
 624,154 250.90 624,154 2,214.8 August 1 31, 2024 
 209,378 240.15 209,378 2,164.5 Total 1,002,947 248.49 1,002,947 
 (1) In January 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock under the 2021 Authorization. The Board of Directors did not specify a date upon which the 2021 Authorization would expire. Share repurchases for the periods included herein were effected through open market transactions and exclude the impact of Federal excise tax owed pursuant to the IRA. 
 (2) In November 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized an additional repurchase of up to 2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock under the 2023 Authorization. The Board of Directors did not specify a date upon which the 2023 Authorization would expire. No shares have been repurchased under the 2023 Authorization. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 During the three months ended August 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 16a-1(f)) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 8-K 3.1 November 10, 2022 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company. 
 8-K 3.2 November 10, 2022 4.1 Indenture, dated as of April 17, 2012, by and among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 April 23, 2012 4.1.1 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 8, with respect to 4.750 Senior Notes due 2024, dated as of November 3, 2014, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 November 7, 2014 4.1.2 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 9, with respect to 4.750 Senior Notes due 2025, dated as of December 4, 2015, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 December 8, 2015 4.1.3 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 10, dated as of January 15, 2016, among the Company, Home Brew Mart, Inc., and M T, as Trustee. 
 10-K 4.26 April 25, 2016 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 50 

OTHER KEY INFORMATION Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.1.4 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 11 with respect to 3.700 Senior Notes due 2026, dated as of December 6, 2016, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 December 6, 2016 4.1.5 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 13 with respect to 3.500 Senior Notes due 2027, dated as of May 9, 2017, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 May 9, 2017 4.1.6 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 14 with respect to 4.500 Senior Notes due 2047, dated as of May 9, 2017, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.3 May 9, 2017 4.1.7 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 19 with respect to 3.600 Senior Notes due 2028, dated as of February 7, 2018, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 February 7, 2018 4.1.8 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 20 with respect to 4.100 Senior Notes due 2048, dated as of February 7, 2018, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.3 February 7, 2018 4.1.9 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 22 with respect to 4.400 Senior Notes due 2025, dated as of October 29, 2018, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 October 29, 2018 4.1.10 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 23 with respect to 4.650 Senior Notes due 2028, dated as of October 29, 2018, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.3 October 29, 2018 4.1.11 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 24 with respect to 5.250 Senior Notes due 2048, dated as of October 29, 2018, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.4 October 29, 2018 4.1.12 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 25 with respect to 3.150 Senior Notes due 2029, dated as of July 29, 2019, among the Company, as Issuer, certain subsidiaries, as Guarantors, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 July 29, 2019 4.1.13 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 26 with respect to 2.875 Senior Notes due 2030, dated as of April 27, 2020, among the Company, as Issuer, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 April 27, 2020 4.1.14 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 27 with respect to 3.750 Senior Notes due 2050, dated as of April 27, 2020, among the Company, as Issuer, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 April 27, 2020 4.1.15 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 28 with respect to 2.250 Senior Notes due 2031, dated as of July 26, 2021, among the Company, as Issuer, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 July 26, 2021 4.1.16 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 30 with respect to 4.350 Senior Notes due 2027, dated as of May 9, 2022, among the Company, as Issuer, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 May 9, 2022 4.1.17 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 31 with respect to 4.750 Senior Notes due 2032, dated as of May 9, 2022, among the Company, as Issuer, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.3 May 9, 2022 4.1.18 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 32 with respect to 5.000 Senior Notes due 2026, dated as of February 2, 2023, among the Company, as Issuer, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 February 2, 2023 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 51 

OTHER KEY INFORMATION Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.1.19 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 33 with respect to 4.900 Senior Notes due 2033, dated as of May 1, 2023, among the Company, as Issuer, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 May 1, 2023 4.1.20 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 34 with respect to 4.800 Senior Notes due 2029, dated as of January 11, 2024, among the Company, as Issuer, and M T, as Trustee. 
 8-K 4.1 January 11, 2024 4.2 Restatement Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, by and among the Company, CB International, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto, including the Tenth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 14, 2022, by and among the Company, CB International, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 4.1 April 15, 2022 4.2.1 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of October 18, 2022, to Tenth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, by and among the Company, CB International Finance S. r.l., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 4.2 October 26, 2022 10.1 Description of Compensation Arrangements, as of July 17, 2024, for Non-Management Directors (filed herewith). 
 10.2 T he Company s Non-Qualified Savings Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2025 (filed herewith). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act (filed herewith). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (furnished herewith). 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (furnished herewith). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (filed herewith). 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith). 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 52 

OTHER KEY INFORMATION Table of Contents 

Designates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 The exhibits, disclosure schedules, and other schedules, as applicable, have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of such exhibits, disclosure schedules, and other schedules, as applicable, or any section thereof, to the SEC upon request. 
 
 The Company agrees, upon request of the SEC, to furnish copies of each instrument that defines the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company or its subsidiaries that is not filed herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) because the total amount of long-term debt authorized under such instrument does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 53 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC. Date: October 3, 2024 By: /s/ Darrell Hearne Darrell Hearne, Senior Vice President and Controller Date: October 3, 2024 By: /s/ Garth Hankinson Garth Hankinson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. Q2 FY 2025 Form 10-Q #WORTHREACHINGFOR I 54 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 stzex101_831202410q.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 

Description of Compensation Arrangements for Non-Management Directors 
 As of July 17, 2024 
 
 The following is a description of the compensation arrangements for the non-management directors of Constellation Brands, Inc. The Company s annual compensation program for non-management directors for their service as directors consists of a board cash retainer, a non-executive board chair cash retainer, committee chair fees, restricted stock units, non-qualified stock options, an annual product allowance, and a matching charitable contribution program. 
 
 The board cash retainer consists of an annual retainer equal to 100,000 paid in quarterly installments. The non-executive board chair cash retainer consists of an annual retainer equal to 185,000 to be paid to the Board s non-executive chair, if any, payable in quarterly installments. The committee chair fees consist of annual fees of 25,000 for the chair of the Audit Committee, 20,000 for the chair of the Human Resources Committee, and 17,500 for the chair of the Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility Committee, which are paid in quarterly installments. 
 
 Long-term incentive awards in the form of non-qualified stock options and restricted stock units granted under the Company s Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan are another element of non-management director compensation. As approved by the Board of Directors, each non-management director receives the following annually 
 
 1. A non-qualified stock option grant with a grant date fair value of 55,000 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 
 2. A restricted stock unit award with a grant date fair value of 125,000. (Each restricted stock unit represents a contingent right to receive one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock.) 
 
 The value of long-term incentive awards is pro-rated for new directors. While the Board has the flexibility to determine at the time of each grant the vesting provisions for any grant, whether on-cycle or off-cycle, non-qualified stock options generally vest six (6) months following the date of grant and restricted stock units generally vest on July 10th following the date of grant. The Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, Amended and Restated as of July 18, 2017, is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 18, 2017 and filed July 20, 2017. 
 
 Non-management directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at Board and Committee meetings. They also receive an annual product allowance in the form of a 10,000 cash payment and are eligible to participate in the Company s charitable matching contribution program whereby they can direct all or a portion of the Company s charitable matching contributions not in excess of 5,000. 
 
 Members of the Board of Directors who are members of management serve without receiving any additional fees or other compensation for their service on the Board. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 stzex102_831202410q.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2 

CONSTELLATION BRANDS 
 
 NON-QUALIFIED SAVINGS PLAN 

Table of Contents Page PREAMBLE 1 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 2 1.1 Account 2 1.2 Affiliate 2 1.3 Aggregated Plan 2 1.4 Annual Bonus 2 1.5 Annual Enrollment Materials 2 1.6 Beneficiary 2 1.7 Benefit Benchmarks 2 1.8 Board 2 1.9 Change in Control Event 2 1.10 Class Year Account 3 1.11 Code 3 1.12 Compensation 3 1.13 Compensation Deferral Agreement 3 1.14 Compensation Deferrals 4 1.15 Disability 4 1.16 Discretionary Credits 4 1.17 Distributable Event 4 1.18 Domestic Partner 4 1.19 Eligible Individual 4 1.20 ERISA 4 1.21 Income Inclusion Under Code Section 409A 4 1.22 Interim Distribution Date 5 1.23 Investment Credits and Debits 5 1.24 Matching Credits 5 1.25 Normal Retirement Age 5 1.26 Participant 5 1.27 Permitted Holder 5 1.28 Plan 5 1.29 Plan Guide 5 1.30 Plan Administrator 5 1.31 Plan Sponsor 6 1.32 Qualified Plan 6 1.33 Regular Salary 6 1.34 Separation from Service 6 1.35 Specified Employee 6 1.36 Spouse 6 1.37 Taxable Year 7 1.38 Trust 7 1.39 Trustee 7 1.40 Unforeseeable Emergency 7 1.41 Valuation Date 7 ARTICLE II ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 7 2.1 Eligibility 7 
 i 

Table of Contents (continued) Page 2.2 Participation 7 2.3 Compensation Deferral Agreement 7 2.4 Matching Credits 8 2.5 Discretionary Credits 9 2.6 Cancellation of Deferrals 9 ARTICLE III PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS 9 3.1 Establishment of Accounts 9 3.2 Account Maintenance 9 3.2 Investment Credits and Debits 10 3.4 Participant Statements 11 ARTICLE IV WITHHOLDING OF TAXES 11 4.1 Withholding from Compensation 11 4.2 Withholding from Benefit Distributions 11 ARTICLE V VESTING 12 5.1 Vesting in Compensation Deferrals 12 5.2 Vesting in Matching and Discretionary Credits 12 ARTICLE VI PAYMENTS 12 6.1 Benefits 12 6.2 Timing of Distribution Elections 12 6.3 Separation from Service Payment 13 6.4 Interim Distribution Date Payments 14 6.5 Death Benefit 15 6.6 Disability Benefit 15 6.7 Payment upon Change in Control Event 15 6.8 Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution 15 6.9 Payment upon Income Inclusion Under Section 409A 16 6.10 Beneficiary Designation 16 6.11 Claims Procedure 16 ARTICLE VII PLAN ADMINISTRATION 21 7.1 Appointment 21 7.2 Duties of Plan Administrator 21 7.3 Plan Sponsor 22 7.4 Administrative Fees and Expenses 22 7.5 Plan Administration and Interpretation 22 7.6 Powers, Duties, Procedures 22 7.7 Information 22 7.8 Indemnification of Plan Administrator 23 7.9 Plan Administration Following a Change in Control Event 23 ARTICLE VIII TRUST FUND 23 8.1 Trust 23 8.2 Unfunded Plan 23 
 ii 

Table of Contents (continued) Page 8.3 Assignment and Alienation 23 ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT AND PLAN TERMINATION 24 9.1 Amendment 24 9.2 Plan Termination 24 9.3 Effect of Payment 24 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 24 10.1 Total Agreement 24 10.2 Employment Rights 25 10.3 Non-Assignability 25 10.4 Binding Agreement 25 10.5 Furnishing Information 25 10.6 Compliance with Code Section 409A 25 10.7 Insurance 25 10.8 Governing Law 25 10.9 Headings and Subheadings 26 
 iii 

PREAMBLE 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. established the Constellation Brands Non-Qualified Savings Plan, effective as of January 1, 2019 as an unfunded non-qualified deferred compensation plan for a select group of management and or highly compensated employees. Under the terms of the Plan, Eligible Individuals may elect to defer receipt of a portion of their Compensation to a later Taxable Year. 
 
 Participants shall have no right, either directly or indirectly, to anticipate, sell, assign or otherwise transfer any benefit accrued under the Plan. In addition, no Participant shall have any interest in any assets set aside as a source of funds to satisfy benefit obligations under the Plan. Participants shall have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Plan Sponsor, and the Plan shall constitute an unsecured promise by the Plan Sponsor to make benefit payments in the future. 
 
 The Plan is intended to be a plan which is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2) and 301(a)(3), is intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and the regulations and binding guidance issued thereunder to avoid adverse tax consequences, and shall be interpreted and administered to the extent possible in a manner consistent with that intent. 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. hereby amends and restates the Plan as set forth herein effective as of January 1, 2025. 

ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 1.1 Account. The bookkeeping account or accounts established for each Participant to record his or her benefit under the Plan. 
 
 1.2 Affiliate. Any corporation or business entity that would be considered a single employer with the Plan Sponsor pursuant to Code Sections 414(b) or 414(c). 
 
 1.3 Aggregated Plan . A nonqualified deferred compensation plan that is required to be aggregated and treated with the Plan as a single plan under Code Section 409A. 
 
 1.4 Annual Bonus. The cash compensation paid to a Participant under the Plan Sponsor s annual bonus program, including amounts excludible from gross income that are contributed by the Participant on a pre-tax basis to a salary reduction retirement or welfare plan (including amounts contributed to this Plan). 
 
 1.5 Annual Enrollment Materials. For any Taxable Year, the Plan Guide, Compensation Deferral Agreement, and any other forms, documents, or other materials concerning the terms of the Plan. 
 
 1.6 Beneficiary. An individual, individuals, trust or other entity designated by the Participant to receive his or her benefit in the event of the Participant s death. If more than one Beneficiary survives the Participant, the Participant s benefit shall be divided equally among all such Beneficiaries, unless otherwise provided in the Beneficiary Designation form. Nothing herein shall prevent the Participant from designating primary and contingent Beneficiaries. 
 
 1.7 Benefit Benchmarks. Hypothetical investment funds or benchmarks made available to Participants by the Plan Administrator for purposes of valuing benefits under the Plan. 
 
 1.8 Board. The Board of Directors of the Plan Sponsor. 
 
 1.9 Change in Control Event. A Change in Control Event is a Change in Control under the definition set forth below, provided that such event is also a change in control event within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 
 
 Change in Control means 
 
 (a) the consummation of 
 
 (i) any consolidation or merger of the Plan Sponsor in which the Plan Sponsor is not the continuing or surviving corporation or pursuant to which any shares of Class A Stock or Class 1 Stock of the Plan Sponsor are to be converted into cash, securities or other property, provided that the consolidation or merger is not with a corporation which was a direct or 
 2 

indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Plan Sponsor or one of its Affiliates immediately before the consolidation or merger or 
 
 (ii) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Plan Sponsor or 
 
 (b) the consummation of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Plan Sponsor or 
 
 (c) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) other than any of the Permitted Holders becoming the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of 35 or more of the voting control of the Plan Sponsor s then outstanding common stock, provided that such person shall not be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Plan Sponsor immediately before it becomes such 35 beneficial owner of voting control or 
 
 (d) individuals who constitute the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Plan Sponsor s Board of Directors (for this purpose Incumbent Board means at any time those persons who are then members of the Board of Directors of the Plan Sponsor and who either (i) are members of the Plan Sponsor s Board of Directors on the date hereof, or (ii) have been elected, or have been nominated for election by the Plan Sponsor s stockholders, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the directors comprising the Incumbent Board at the time of such election or nomination (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Plan Sponsor in which such person is named as a nominee for director without objection to such nomination)). 
 
 1.10 Class Year Account. The balance credited to a Participant s or Beneficiary s Account for a Taxable Year, including (a) the Participant s Compensation Deferrals relating to Regular Salary paid for services performed during the Taxable Year (b) Compensation Deferrals relating to the Annual Bonus paid for services performed for the Plan Sponsor s fiscal year commencing during the Taxable Year (c) Matching Credits and Discretionary Credits, if any, with respect to amounts earned for such Taxable Year even if paid in a subsequent year (i.e., the Annual Bonus) and (d) Investment Debits and Credits allocable to the Class Year Account (as determined by the Plan Sponsor, in its discretion). 
 
 1.11 Code. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Reference to any section or subsection of the Code includes reference to any comparable or succeeding provisions of any legislation which amends, supplements or replaces such section or subsection. 
 
 1.12 Compensation. A Participant s Regular Salary and Annual Bonus and excluding all other forms of compensation, including, without limitation, amounts paid under this Plan. 
 
 1.13 Compensation Deferral Agreement. The written or electronic deferral agreement in such form and subject to such terms as specified by the Plan Administrator. Such agreement is 
 3 

between an Eligible Individual and the Plan Sponsor to defer Eligible Individual s receipt of Compensation. Such agreement shall state the deferral amount or percentage of Compensation to be withheld from the Eligible Individual s Compensation, and the form and timing of the Participant s deferral elections. 
 
 1.14 Compensation Deferrals. That portion of a Participant s Compensation which is deferred under the terms of this Plan. 
 
 1.15 Disability. Any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, and for which the Participant is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Participant s Plan Sponsor provided that such condition also satisfies the requirements of a disability under Code Section 409A. 
 
 1.16 Discretionary Credits. Amounts described in Section 2.5. 
 
 1.17 Distributable Event. The events entitling a Participant or Beneficiary to a payment of benefits under the Plan, which shall be Separation from Service death Disability the occurrence of an Interim Distribution Date the occurrence of an Unforeseeable Emergency the occurrence of a Change in Control Event and Income Inclusion Under Code Section 409A. 
 
 1.18 Domestic Partner. An individual who satisfies the requirements for being treated as a Participant s domestic partner under the Plan Sponsor s corporate policies. The Plan Administrator in its sole discretion shall determine whether an individual meets the requirements of a Domestic Partner and shall have the right to request documentary proof of the existence of a Domestic Partner relationship, which proof may include, but is not limited to, a joint checking account, a joint mortgage or lease, driver s licenses showing the same address, the registration of a domestic partnership or civil union in states that recognize such relationships or such other proof as the Plan Administrator may determine. 
 
 1.19 Eligible Individual. Unless otherwise specified by the Plan Administrator, including in the Annual Enrollment Materials for a particular Taxable Year, an employee of the Plan Sponsor who (i) holds a position of Vice President or higher and (ii) is paid at a salary grade of 21 or higher. Only those individuals who are part of a select group of management and or highly compensated individuals, as determined by the Plan Sponsor in its sole discretion, may be designated as Eligible Individuals under the Plan. 
 
 1.20 ERISA. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Reference to any section or subsection of ERISA includes reference to any comparable or succeeding provisions of any legislation which amends, supplements or replaces such section or subsection. 
 
 1.21 Income Inclusion Under Code Section 409A. Shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.9. 
 4 

1.22 Interim Distribution Date. April 1st of the year specified by the Participant in the Participant s Compensation Deferral Agreement as the year of payment for an in-service distribution date provided that such year is at least three years after the first day of the Taxable Year in which the services giving rise to the Compensation Deferrals, Matching and or Discretionary Credits subject to the Interim Distribution Date are to be performed. 
 
 1.23 Investment Credits and Debits. Bookkeeping adjustments to Participants Accounts to reflect the hypothetical interest, earnings, appreciation, losses and depreciation that would be accrued or realized if assets equal to the value of such Accounts were invested in accordance with such Participants Benefit Benchmarks. 
 
 1.24 Matching Credits. Credits described in Section 2.4. 
 
 1.25 Normal Retirement Age. The date the Participant attains at least age 60 with at least 5 years of service with the Plan Sponsor. 
 
 1.26 Participant. An Eligible Individual who is currently deferring a portion of his or her Compensation under this Plan, or who is currently eligible for Matching Credits or Discretionary Credits, or an Eligible Individual or former Eligible Individual who is entitled to the payment of benefits under the Plan. 
 
 1.27 Permitted Holder. (a) Marilyn Sands, her descendants (whether by blood or adoption), her descendants spouses, her siblings, the descendants of her siblings (whether by blood or adoption), or the estate of any of the foregoing individuals, or The Sands Family Foundation, Inc., (b) trusts which are for the benefit of any combination of the individuals and foundation described in clause (a), or any trust for the benefit of any such trust, or (c) partnerships, limited liability companies or any other entities which are controlled by any combination of the individuals described in clause (a) or the estate of any such individuals, The Sands Family Foundation, Inc., a trust referred to in the foregoing clause (b), or an entity that satisfies the conditions of this clause (c). 
 
 1.28 Plan. The Constellation Brands Non-Qualified Savings Plan established by the Plan Sponsor as set forth herein, which may be amended from time to time. 
 
 1.29 Plan Guide. For any Taxable Year, the plan guide concerning the terms of Compensation Deferrals, and, if applicable, any Matching Credits or Discretionary Credits. 
 
 1.30 Plan Administrator. The Human Resources Committee of the Board, or such other committee appointed by the Board of the Plan Sponsor to administer the Plan as provided herein. For avoidance of doubt, in no event shall a Participant who is a member of such committee be permitted to make decisions regarding his or her benefits under this Plan rather, such decisions shall be made by the other members of any committee appointed to act as the Plan Administrator. If a Change in Control Event occurs with respect to the Plan Sponsor, the existing Plan Administrator shall be removed, and a new Plan Administrator shall be appointed as provided in Section 7.9. 
 5 

1.31 Plan Sponsor. Constellation Brands, Inc., including any successor to such corporation or business that assumes the obligations of such corporation or business. Solely for purposes of identifying Eligible Individuals, the term Plan Sponsor shall include an entity that is an Affiliate of the Plan Sponsor, and is designated as a Participating Affiliate by the Plan Administrator. Only Constellation Brands, Inc. shall have the power to amend this Plan, appoint the Plan Administrator, or exercise any of the powers described in Section 7.3 hereof. 
 
 1.32 Qualified Plan. The Constellation Brands, Inc. 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan. 
 
 1.33 Regular Salary. The Participant s base salary paid by the Plan Sponsor, including amounts excludible from gross income that are contributed by the Participant on a pre-tax basis to a salary reduction retirement or welfare plan (including amounts contributed to this Plan). 
 
 1.34 Separation from Service. A Participant shall have a Separation from Service under the circumstances described below provided that such separation also qualifies as separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 
 
 A Participant who is a common law employee has a Separation from Service if the Participant voluntarily or involuntarily terminates employment with the Plan Sponsor and all Affiliates. A termination of employment occurs if the facts and circumstances indicate that the Plan Sponsor and the Participant reasonably anticipate that no further services will be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide services the Participant will perform after such date (whether as an employee or an independent contractor) will decrease to no more than 20 percent of the average level of bona fide services performed (whether as an employee or an independent contractor) over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period of services if the Participant has been providing services for less than 36 months). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the employment relationship is treated as continuing while the Participant is on military leave, sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of leave does not exceed 6 months, or if longer, provided the Participant retains the right to reemployment with the Plan Sponsor or an Affiliate under an applicable statute or contract. 
 
 1.35 Specified Employee. A key employee (as defined in Code Section 416(i) without regard to paragraph (5) thereof) of a Plan Sponsor or its Affiliates. A Participant is a key employee if the Participant meets the requirements of Code Section 416(i)(1)(A)(i), (ii) or (iii) (applied in accordance with the regulations thereunder and disregarding Code Section 416(i)(5)) at any time during the 12-month period ending each December 31. If a Participant is a key employee at any time during the 12-month period ending on such December 31, the Participant is treated as a Specified Employee for the 12-month period beginning on the following April 1. Specified Employees shall be determined consistent with the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 
 1.36 Spouse. The individual to whom a Participant is married, or was married in the case of a deceased Participant at the time of his or her death. 
 
 6 

1.37 Taxable Year. The 12-consecutive-month period beginning each January 1 and ending each December 31. 
 
 1.38 Trust. The agreement, if any, between the Plan Sponsor and the Trustee under which assets may be delivered by the Plan Sponsor to the Trustee to offset liabilities assumed by the Plan Sponsor under the Plan. Any assets held under the terms of the Trust shall be the exclusive property of the Plan Sponsor and shall be subject to the creditor claims of the Plan Sponsor with respect to whom such Trust has been established. Participants shall have no right, secured or unsecured, to any assets held under the terms of the Trust. 
 
 1.39 Trustee. The institution named by the Plan Sponsor in the Trust agreement, if any, and any corporation which succeeds the Trustee by merger or by acquisition of assets or operation of law. 
 
 1.40 Unforeseeable Emergency. A severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant or the Participant s Spouse, Beneficiary or dependent (as defined in Code Section 152 without regard to Sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B)), loss of the Participant s property due to casualty or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. An Unforeseeable Emergency shall be determined consistent with the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 
 1.41 Valuation Date. The date on which Participant Accounts under the Plan are valued. The Valuation Date shall be each business day of the Taxable Year on which the New York Stock Exchange and, if a Trust has been established in connection with the Plan, the Trustee are open for business. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 
 2.1 Eligibility. Eligible Individuals, as designated by the Plan Sponsor, may participate in the Plan. Generally, Eligible Individuals may commence participating in the Plan for Taxable Years commencing after they become Eligible Individuals. 
 
 2.2 Participation. An Eligible Individual s participation in the Plan is subject to the Plan Administrator providing written notification to such Eligible Individual of his or her eligibility to participate in the Plan. 
 
 2.3 Compensation Deferral Agreement. In order to defer Compensation under the Plan for a given Taxable Year, an Eligible Individual must enter into a Compensation Deferral Agreement with the Plan Sponsor authorizing the deferral of a portion of the Participant s Compensation for such Taxable Year. 
 
 Upon receipt of a properly completed and executed Compensation Deferral Agreement, the Plan Administrator shall notify the Plan Sponsor to withhold that portion of the Participant s Compensation specified in the Agreement. In no event will the Participant 
 7 

be permitted to defer more than 75 of the Participant s Regular Salary or 100 of the Participant s Annual Bonus. 
 
 Subject to Section 2.6, the Compensation Deferral Agreement shall remain in effect for the duration of the Taxable Year to which it relates. The Compensation Deferral Agreement shall not remain in effect for subsequent Taxable Years. Rather, Participants must make new elections for each year. 
 
 A Compensation Deferral Agreement must be completed and returned to the Plan Sponsor prior to the first day of the Taxable Year in which services are performed for the Compensation deferred and shall be irrevocable except as otherwise provided hereunder. 
 
 2.4 Matching Credits. Subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A, the Plan Sponsor may credit the Account of a Participant with Matching Credits pursuant to subsection (a) and (b) below. 
 
 (a) For each Taxable Year, the Matching Credit under this subsection (a) will be equal to the difference between (i) the matching contribution that would have been credited to the Participant s account under the Qualified Plan for the applicable year if the Participant s contributions to the Qualified Plan had included Compensation Deferrals made by the Participant under this Plan for such year but otherwise subject to the applicable limitations of the Qualified Plan such as the maximum compensation limitation of Code Section 401(a)(17) and the maximum annual addition limitation of Code Section 415, and (ii) the matching contribution actually credited to the Participant s account under the Qualified Plan for the year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant will receive a Matching Credit under this Plan for a Taxable Year only if the Participant has made the maximum salary reduction contributions permitted under the Qualified Plan during the applicable year. 
 
 (b) For each Taxable Year for which the Participant makes Compensation Deferrals pursuant to Section 2.3, the Matching Credit under this subsection (b) will equal an amount determined in the same manner as matching contributions are determined under the Qualified Plan, but only on Compensation in excess of the maximum compensation limitation under Code Section 401(a)(17) in effect for the Taxable Year (e.g., if a matching contribution under the Qualified Plan is 50 of the elective deferrals made by the Participant under that plan for the plan year, up to a maximum of six percent (6 of the Participant s Qualified Plan compensation, then the Matching Credit under this Plan would also be 50 of the Compensation Deferrals for the Taxable Year under this Plan up to 6 of the Participant s Compensation in excess of the maximum compensation limitation under Code Section 401(a)(17) in effect for the Taxable Year). 
 
 (c) The Matching Credit will be made at such time or times as determined by the Plan Administrator in its discretion. Adjustments to Participants Accounts for Investment Credits or Debits will commence no earlier than the date on which the Matching Credit is actually credited to the Participants Accounts. 
 8 

2.5 Discretionary Credits. Subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A, the Plan Sponsor may credit the Account of a Participant with Discretionary Credits. For each Taxable Year, the Discretionary Credit will be equal to the difference between (a) the Safe Harbor Employer Basic Contributions, as defined under the Qualified Plan, that would have been credited to the Participant s account under the Qualified Plan for the applicable year if (i) the Participant s compensation included Compensation Deferrals made by the Participant under this Plan for such year and (ii) the contribution under the Qualified Plan was calculated without regard to Code limitations, including the maximum compensation limitation of Code Section 401(a)(17) and or the maximum annual addition limitation of Code Section 415, and (b) the Safe Harbor Employer Basic Contributions actually credited to the Participant s account under the Qualified Plan for the year. This Discretionary Credit will be made at such time or times as the Plan Administrator determines in its discretion. Adjustments to Participant s Accounts for Investment Credits or Debits will commence no earlier than the date on which the Discretionary Credits are actually credited to the Participants Accounts. 
 
 2.6 Cancellation of Deferrals. If a Participant has an Unforeseeable Emergency, as defined herein, the Plan Administrator may cancel all future Compensation Deferrals pertaining to Compensation not yet earned and required to be made pursuant to the Participant s current Compensation Deferral Agreement if reasonably necessary to satisfy the Participant s financial hardship subject to the standards and requirements for an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution set forth in Section 6.8. If a Participant receives a hardship distribution from a qualified plan of the Plan Sponsor pursuant to Code Section 401(k)(2)(B)(IV), the Plan Administrator shall cancel all future Compensation Deferrals pertaining to Compensation not yet earned and required to be made pursuant to the Participant s current Compensation Deferral Agreement, and the Participant will be prohibited from making Compensation Deferrals under the Plan for at least six (6) months after receipt of the hardship distribution or such longer period as may be prescribed by the qualified plan. The Participant s eligibility for Matching Credits and or Discretionary Credits shall be similarly canceled, and the Participant shall be eligible to defer Compensation again at a later time only as provided under Section 2.3. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS 
 
 3.1 Establishment of Accounts. The Plan Administrator shall establish and maintain individual recordkeeping Accounts, Class Year Accounts and subaccounts, as applicable, on behalf of each Participant for purposes of determining each Participant s benefits under the Plan. A Participant s Account does not represent the Participant s ownership of, or any ownership interest in, any assets which may be set aside to satisfy the Plan Sponsor s obligations under the Plan. 
 
 3.2 Account Maintenance. 
 
 (a) As of each Valuation Date, the Plan Administrator shall credit each Participant s Accounts with the following 
 
 9 

(i) An amount equal to any Compensation Deferrals made by the Participant since the last Valuation Date 
 
 (ii) An amount equal to any Matching Credits and or Discretionary Credits, and any forfeitures, if applicable, since the last Valuation Date and 
 
 (iii) An amount equal to deemed Investment Credits under Section 3.3 since the last Valuation Date. 
 
 (b) As of each Valuation Date, the Plan Administrator shall debit each Participant s Accounts with the following 
 
 (i) An amount equal to any distributions from the Plan to the Participant or Beneficiary since the last Valuation Date and 
 
 (ii) An amount equal to deemed Investment Debits under Section 3.3 below since the last Valuation Date. 
 
 3.3 Investment Credits and Debits. The Accounts of Participants shall be adjusted for Investment Credits and Debits in accordance with this Section 3.3. 
 
 Participants shall have the right to specify one or more Benefit Benchmarks in which their Compensation Deferrals, Matching Credits and Discretionary Credits shall be deemed to be invested. The Benefit Benchmarks shall be utilized solely for purposes of adjusting their Accounts in accordance with procedures adopted by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall provide the Participant with a list of the available Benefit Benchmarks. From time to time, in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator, the Benefit Benchmarks available within the Plan may be revised. All Benefit Benchmark selections must be denominated in whole percentages unless the Plan Administrator determines that lower increments are acceptable. A Participant may make changes in the manner in which future Compensation Deferrals, Matching Credits and or Discretionary Credits are deemed to be invested among the various Benefit Benchmarks available under the Plan in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator. A Participant may re-direct the manner in which earlier Compensation Deferrals, Matching Credits and or Discretionary Credits, as well as any appreciation (or depreciation), are deemed to be invested among the Benefit Benchmarks available under the Plan in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 As of each Valuation Date, the Plan Administrator shall adjust the Accounts of each Participant for interest, earnings or appreciation (less losses and depreciation) with respect to the then balance of the Participant s Account equal to the actual results of the Participant s deemed Benefit Benchmark elections. 
 
 All notional acquisitions and dispositions of Benefit Benchmarks which occur within a Participant s Account, pursuant to the terms of the Plan, shall be deemed to occur at such times as the Plan Administrator shall determine to be administratively feasible in its sole discretion, and the Participant s Account shall be adjusted accordingly. Accordingly, if a distribution or reallocation must occur pursuant to the terms of the Plan and all or some 
 10 

portion of the Account must be valued in connection with such distribution or reallocation (to reflect Investment Credits and Debits), the Plan Administrator may in its sole discretion, unless otherwise provided for in the Plan, select a date or dates which shall be used for valuation purposes. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any Investment Credits or Debits made to any Participant s Account following a Plan termination or a Change in Control Event shall be made in a manner no less favorable to Participants than the practices and procedures employed under the Plan, or as otherwise in effect, as of the date of the Plan termination or the Change in Control Event. 
 
 Notwithstanding the Participant s deemed Benefit Benchmark elections under the Plan, the Plan Sponsor shall be under no obligation to actually invest any amounts in such manner, or in any manner, and such Benefit Benchmark elections shall be used solely to determine the amounts by which the Participant s Account shall be adjusted under this Article III. 
 
 3.4 Participant Statements. The Plan Administrator shall provide each Participant with a statement showing the credits to and debits from his or her Account since the last statement date. Such statement shall be provided to Participants as soon as administratively feasible following the end of each Taxable Year and on such other dates as agreed to by the Plan Sponsor and the party maintaining the Participant s Account records. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 WITHHOLDING OF TAXES 
 
 4.1 Withholding from Compensation. For any Taxable Year in which Compensation Deferrals, Matching Credits and or Discretionary Credits are made to or vested within the Plan (as applicable), the Plan Sponsor shall withhold the Participant s share of income, FICA and other employment taxes from the portion of the Participant s Compensation not deferred. If deemed appropriate by the Plan Sponsor, all or any portion of a benefit under the Plan may be distributed in certain instances where necessary to facilitate compliance with applicable withholding requirements to the extent such distribution would not result in adverse tax consequences under Code Section 409A. The amount of any such distribution shall not exceed the amount necessary to comply with applicable withholding requirements. 
 
 4.2 Withholding from Benefit Distributions. The Plan Sponsor (or the Trustee of the Trust, as applicable) shall withhold from any payments made to a Participant under this Plan all federal, state and local income, employment and other taxes required to be withheld by the Plan Sponsor, in connection with such payments, in amounts and in a manner to be determined in the sole discretion of the Plan Sponsor. 
 
 11 

ARTICLE V 
 
 VESTING 
 
 5.1 Vesting in Compensation Deferrals. A Participant shall be immediately vested in (i.e., shall have a non-forfeitable right to) all Compensation Deferrals. 
 
 5.2 Vesting in Matching and Discretionary Credits. Unless otherwise set forth in the Annual Enrollment Materials for a Taxable Year, a Participant shall also be immediately vested in all Matching Credits and Discretionary Credits credited to his or her Account, including any Investment Credits or Debits associated therewith. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 PAYMENTS 
 
 6.1 Benefits. Except as otherwise provided under the Plan, a Participant s or Beneficiary s benefit payable under the Plan shall be the value of the Participant s Class Year Accounts at the time a Distributable Event occurs with respect to such Participant or Beneficiary. In no event will a Participant s right to a benefit under this Plan give such Participant a secured right or claim on any assets set aside by the Plan Sponsor to meet its obligations under the Plan. All payments from the Plan shall be subject to applicable tax withholding and shall commence (or be fully paid, in the event a lump sum form of distribution was selected) no later than ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the Distributable Event, except as otherwise provided herein. 
 
 6.2 Timing of Distribution Elections. 
 
 (a) Initial Elections . The Participant shall elect the form and timing of payment for each Class Year Account at the time the Participant submits (or is required to submit, in accordance with Section 2.3) his or her Compensation Deferral Agreement for the Taxable Year for which the Class Year Account is established. Such elections must be made consistent with the forms, rules and procedures specified by the Plan Administrator, as well as the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 
 At the time specified above, the Participant may elect for each of his or her Class Year Accounts to receive a benefit in the form of a lump sum distribution or annual installment payments over a period of five (5) or ten (10) years commencing as of the earlier of 
 
 (i) The Interim Distribution Date specified by the Participant or 
 
 (ii) The Participation s Separation from Service. 
 
 Notwithstanding the Participant s election, in the event of the Participant s Separation from Service prior to the Participant s death, or Disability, or the occurrence of a Change in Control Event, all amounts credited to each 
 12 

Participant s Account shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum within ninety (90) days after occurrence of such Distributable Events. Effective with respect to a Participant s Class Year Accounts for Taxable Years beginning before January 1, 2025 (the Pre-2025 Class Year Accounts ), in the event of the Participant s Separation from Service prior to the Participant s Normal Retirement Age, all amounts credited to the Participant s Pre-2025 Class Year Accounts shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum within ninety (90) days after occurrence of the Separation from Service. Additionally, as noted below, special distribution payments may also be made in the event of an Unforeseeable Emergency or as a consequence of an Income Inclusion Under Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Subsequent Changes in Time and Form of Payment . Subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A, a Participant may elect to change the time or form of payment of amounts distributable upon a Separation from Service or elect to change the time of payment of amounts distributable upon an Interim Distribution Date provided, however, that any such election shall be effective only if 
 
 (i) the election does not accelerate the time or schedule of any payment within the meaning of Code Section 409A 
 
 (ii) the election does not take effect until at least twelve 12 months after the date on which the election is made 
 
 (iii) the first payment with respect to which such election is made is deferred for a period of 5 years from the date such payment would otherwise have been made and 
 
 (iv) for a change to a payment made upon an Interim Distribution Date, such election is made at least 12 months before such Interim Distribution Date. 
 
 The Plan Administrator shall have sole and absolute discretion to decide whether such a request shall be approved but may approve no more than one such request for any Participant with respect to any Class Year Account. 
 
 (c) Failures to Elect . If a Participant fails to properly elect the form or time of distribution for his or her Class Year Account, or cannot make a timely election under Code Section 409A, the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to receive his or her Class Year Account in a single lump sum commencing on his or her Separation from Service. 
 
 6.3 Separation from Service Payment. In the event of a Participant s Separation from Service, the Participant s Class Year Account shall be paid in the form of a cash lump sum or, if elected by the Participant, in annual cash payments (over a period of five (5) or ten (10) years) as elected for the Class Year Account. Effective with respect to a Participant s Pre 2025 Class Year Accounts (as defined in Section 6.2(a)), the Participant s election of annual cash payments in lieu of a cash lump sum will have no effect if the Participant s Separation from Service occurs before the Participant s Normal Retirement Age. For purposes of Code Section 409A, installment payments shall be 
 13 

treated as a single payment. If applicable, the initial installment shall be based on the value of the Participant s Class Year Account, measured on the date of his or her Separation from Service, and shall be equal to 1 n (where n is equal to the total number of annual benefit payments not yet distributed). Subsequent installment payments shall be computed in a consistent fashion, with the measurement date being the anniversary of the original measurement date and subsequent installment payments being made within 90 days of such anniversary date. Election of the form of the Separation from Service payment with respect to a Class Year Account must be provided to the Plan Administrator at the time required by Section 6.2 of this Plan. The Participant s election of a Separation from Service payment form is irrevocable, except as provided in Section 6.2(b). 
 
 Effective with respect to a Participant s Pre-2025 Class Year Accounts (as defined in Section 6.2(a)), in the event the Participant incurs a Separation from Service before the Participant s Normal Retirement Age, all of the Participant s Pre-2025 Class Year Accounts shall be paid in the form of a lump sum payment within ninety (90) days after the Separation from Service, notwithstanding any election that the Participant has made. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a distribution resulting from a Separation from Service by a Participant who is a Specified Employee on the date of Separation from Service shall be made within the ninety (90) days following the date that is 6 months after the Separation from Service or, if earlier, following the death of the Specified Employee as specified in Section 6.5. The first payment made following the 6 month period described in the preceding sentence shall include all payments that otherwise would have been made after Separation from Service but for the delay required by this paragraph. 
 
 6.4 Interim Distribution Date Payments. A Participant may make an election, at the time required by Section 6.2, to have his or her Class Year Account to which the election relates paid to him or her at an Interim Distribution Date designated by the Participant. Such Class Year Account shall be payable in a single cash lump sum payment or in annual installments of five (5) or ten (10) years, as elected by the Participant. Payments shall commence within ninety (90) days after the applicable Interim Distribution Date as designated by the Participant. If applicable, the initial installment shall be based on the value of the Participant s Class Year Account, measured on the date of his or her designated Interim Distribution Date, and shall be equal to 1 n (where n is equal to the total number of annual benefit payments not yet distributed). Subsequent installment payments shall be computed in a consistent fashion, with the measurement date being the anniversary of the original measurement date and subsequent installment payments being made within ninety (90) days of such anniversary date. Election of the form of the Interim Distribution Date payment must be provided to the Plan Administrator at the time required by Section 6.2 of this Plan. The Participant s election of an Interim Distribution Date form is irrevocable, except as provided in Section 6.2(b). 
 
 For an election to commence distributions at an Interim Distribution Date, such elected Interim Distribution Date must occur before the Participant incurs a Separation from Service, death, or Disability or the occurrence of a Change in Control Event. Additionally, with respect to a Participant s Pre-2025 Class Year Accounts (as defined in 
 14 

Section 6.2(a)), in the event the Participant incurs a Separation from Service before the Participant s Normal Retirement Age and after the commencement of an Interim Distribution Date, all of the Participant s Pre-2025 Class Year Accounts that have commenced payment shall be paid in the form of a lump sum payment within ninety (90) days after the Separation from Service. 
 
 6.5 Death Benefit. In the event of the Participant s death, whether before or after the Participant has otherwise incurred a Distributable Event or commenced receiving payments from the Plan, the Participant s Beneficiary shall receive the balance of the Participant s Account in a single lump-sum cash payment as soon as practicable following the Participant s death, but in no event later than December 31 st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which death occurs. 
 
 6.6 Disability Benefit. In the event that a Participant incurs a Disability, whether before or after the Participant has otherwise incurred a Distributable Event or commenced receiving payments from the Plan, the Participant shall receive the balance of the Participant s Account in a single lump-sum cash payment within ninety (90) days of the Disability. The Plan Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine whether the circumstances of the Participant constitute a Disability and the time at which such Disability occurs consistent with the terms of the Plan. 
 
 6.7 Payment upon Change in Control Event. Notwithstanding any provision or election to the contrary, in the event of a Change in Control Event, all amounts credited to each Participant s Account shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum within ninety (90) days after the Change in Control Event. 
 
 Subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A, in the event that a Participant is an employee of an Affiliate, other than the Plan Sponsor, and the Affiliate has a Change of Control Event, all amounts credited to such Participant s Account shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum within ninety (90) days after the Change in Control Event. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, such distribution shall only occur if neither the Plan Sponsor nor an entity that is an Affiliate after such transaction employs the Participant after such transaction. For this purpose, an Affiliate shall be deemed to have a Change of Control Event with respect to any event that would be a Change of Control Event within the meaning of Section 1.9(a) or (c), if the term Plan Sponsor were replaced with the term Affiliate each time it is used therein. 
 
 6.8 Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution. If a Participant has an Unforeseeable Emergency, as defined herein, the Plan Administrator may pay to the Participant that portion of his or her Account which the Plan Administrator determines is reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A. The amounts distributed to the Participant as a result of an Unforeseeable Emergency may not exceed the amounts reasonably necessary to satisfy such emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such hardship is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, by liquidation of the Participant s assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause 
 15 

severe financial hardship) or by cancellation of Compensation Deferrals pursuant to Section 2.6. A Participant requesting an Unforeseeable Emergency Distribution shall apply for the payment in writing on a form approved by the Plan Administrator and shall provide such additional information as the Plan Administrator may require. The Plan Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine whether the financial hardship of the Participant constitutes an Unforeseeable Emergency under the Plan. If, subject to the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator, the request for a withdrawal is approved, the distribution shall be made within ninety (90) days after the date of approval by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 6.9 Payment upon Income Inclusion Under Section 409A. To the extent permitted under Code Section 409A, if the Plan Administrator determines at any time that the Plan fails to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A with respect to a Participant, the Plan Administrator shall distribute to the Participant the amount from the Participant s Account that is required to be included in income as a result of such failure. Such payment shall be made in a single lump-sum payment upon such determination. 
 
 6.10 Beneficiary Designation. Unless otherwise set forth in the Annual Enrollment Materials for a particular Taxable Year, a Participant shall have the right to designate a Beneficiary and to amend or revoke such designation at any time in writing. Such designation, amendment or revocation shall be effective upon receipt by and acknowledgment from the Plan Administrator. If the Beneficiary is a minor or incompetent, benefits may be paid to a legal guardian, trustee, or other proper representative of the Beneficiary, and such payment shall completely discharge the Plan Sponsor and the Plan of all further obligations hereunder. 
 
 If no Beneficiary designation is made, if the Beneficiary designation is held invalid, or if no Beneficiary survives the Participant, and benefits are determined to be payable following the Participant s death, the Plan Administrator shall direct that payment of benefits be made to the person or persons in the first of the below categories in which there is a survivor. The categories of successor beneficiaries, in order, are as follows 
 
 (a) Participant s Spouse 
 
 (b) Participant s Domestic Partner and 
 
 (c) Participant s estate. 
 
 6.11 Claims Procedure. All claims for benefits under the Plan, and all questions regarding the operation of the Plan, shall be submitted to the Plan Administrator in writing. The Plan Administrator has complete discretion and authority to interpret and construe any provision of the Plan, and its decisions regarding claims for benefits hereunder are final and binding. 
 
 (a) Presentation of Claim . Any Participant, Beneficiary or person claiming benefits under the Plan (such Participant, Beneficiary or other person being referred to below as a Claimant may deliver to the Plan Administrator a written claim for a determination with respect to benefits distributable to such Claimant from the 
 16 

Plan. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. 
 
 Any claim by a Participant that a payment made under the Plan is less than the amount to which the Participant is entitled must be made in writing pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section within 180 days after the date of such payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, including the provisions of Section 5.1, a Participant shall forfeit all rights to any amounts claimed if the Participant fails to make claim as provided in the preceding sentence. 
 
 (b) Notification of Decision . The Plan Administrator shall consider a Claimant s claim within a reasonable time, and shall notify the Claimant in writing 
 
 (i) that the Claimant s requested determination has been made, and that the claim has been allowed in full or 
 
 (ii) that the Plan Administrator has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole or in part, to the Claimant s requested determination, and such notice must set forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant 
 
 (A) the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim, or any part of it 
 
 (B) specific reference(s) to pertinent provisions of the Plan upon which such denial was based 
 
 (C) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim, and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary 
 
 (D) a description of the claim review procedure set forth in Section 6.11(c) below, including information regarding any applicable time limits and a statement regarding the Claimant s right to bring an action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse determination on review 
 
 (E) if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant, either the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards, or other similar criteria of the Plan relied upon during the claim or, alternatively, a statement that such criteria of the Plan do not exist 
 
 (F) if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following (1) the views of a health care professional who treated the Claimant, (2) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Plan (without regard to whether such advice was relied upon for 
 17 

the decision), and (3) a determination by the Social Security Administration 
 
 (G) if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant and was based on a medical necessity, experimental treatment or similar exclusion limit, an explanation of the scientific or clinical judgment for the decision (applying the terms of the Plan to Claimant s medical circumstances) or a statement that Claimant can request a copy of such explanation, free of charge, upon request and 
 
 (H) if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant, a statement that the Claimant may request access to, and copies of, all relevant documents, free of charge. 
 
 The Plan Administrator will notify the Claimant of an adverse decision within ninety (90) days after the date the claim was received, unless the Plan Administrator determines there are special circumstances that require an extension of time in which to make a decision. If an extension of time is needed, the Plan Administrator shall notify the Claimant of the extension before the expiration of the original 90-day period. The notice will include a description of the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and an estimate of the date it expects a decision to be made. The extension shall not exceed an additional 90-day period. 
 
 If the adverse decision relates to a claim involving the Disability of the Participant, the Plan Administrator will notify the Claimant of an adverse decision within forty-five (45) days after the date the claim was received, unless the Plan Administrator determines that matters beyond its control require an extension of time in which to make a decision. If an extension of time is needed, the Plan Administrator shall notify the Claimant of the extension before the expiration of the original 45-day period. The notice will include a description of the circumstances necessitating the extension and an estimate of the date it expects a decision to be made. The extension shall not exceed an additional 30-day period unless, within the 30-day period the Plan Administrator again determines that more time is needed due to matters beyond its control, in which case notice of the need for not more than an additional thirty (30) days is provided to the Claimant before the first 30-day period expires. The notice will include a description of the circumstances requiring the extension and an estimate of the date it expects a decision to be made. Any extension notice will include information regarding the standards on which a determination of Disability will be made, the outstanding issues which prevent a decision from being made, and any additional information which is needed in order to reach a decision. The Claimant will have forty-five (45) days to supply any additional information. 
 
 If the Plan Administrator notifies the Claimant of the need for an extension of time to make a decision regarding his or her claim in accordance with this 
 18 

Section 6.11(b), and the extension is needed due to the Claimant s failure to provide information necessary to decide the claim, the period of time in which the Plan Administrator must make a decision does not include the time between the date the notice of the extension was sent to the Claimant and the date the Claimant responds to the request for additional information. 
 
 (c) Review of a Denied Claim . Within sixty (60) days after receiving a notice from the Plan Administrator that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a Claimant (or the Claimant s duly authorized representative) may file with the Plan Administrator a written request for a review of the denial of the claim. During the 60-day review period, the Claimant (or the Claimant s duly authorized representative) 
 
 (i) may review relevant documents 
 
 (ii) may submit written comments or other documents relating to the claim 
 
 (iii) may request access to and copies of all relevant documents, free of charge 
 
 (iv) may request a hearing, which the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may grant. 
 
 The Plan Administrator will consider all documents and other information submitted by the Claimant in reviewing its previous decision, including documents not available to or considered by it during its initial determination. 
 
 If the appeal relates to a determination of the Plan Administrator involving the Disability of the Participant, the Claimant will have one-hundred-eighty (180) days following receipt of a denial to file a written request for review. In such event, no deference shall be given to the initial benefit determination, and the review shall be conducted by an appropriate fiduciary who is someone other than the individual who made the initial determination or a subordinate of such individual. If the initial determination was based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the reviewer shall consult with an appropriately trained and experienced health care professional, and shall disclose the identity of any experts who provided advice with regard to the initial decision. The health care professional whose advice is sought during the appeal process will not be an individual who was consulted during the initial determination, nor a subordinate of such an individual. If the review includes new or additional evidence or rationale considered, relied upon, or generated by the Plan or reviewer, the reviewer shall provide the Claimant with such evidence or rationale, free of charge, sufficiently in advance of issuing a decision on review to allow Claimant time to respond prior to such date. 
 
 (d) Decision on Review . The Plan Administrator shall render its decision on review promptly, and not later than sixty (60) days after the filing of a written request for review of the denial, unless a hearing is held or other special circumstances require additional time, in which case the Plan Administrator s decision must be 
 19 

rendered within one-hundred-twenty (120) days after such date. If an extension of time is needed, the Plan Administrator shall notify the Claimant of the extension before the expiration of the original 60-day period. The notice will include a description of the circumstances requiring the extension and an estimate of the date it expects a decision to be made. Such decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant, and if the decision on review is adverse it must contain 
 
 (i) specific reasons for the decision 
 
 (ii) specific reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the decision was based 
 
 (iii) a statement that the Claimant may receive, upon request and free of charge, access to and copies of relevant documents and information 
 
 (iv) a statement describing any voluntary appeal procedures under the Plan and the Claimant s right to bring an action under ERISA Section 502(a) (and if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant, a description of any applicable contractual limitation period that applies to the Claimant s right to bring an action, including the calendar date on which such contractual limitation period expires) 
 
 (v) if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant, either the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols, standards or other similar criteria of the Plan relied upon in denying the claim on appeal or, alternatively, a statement that such criteria of the Plan does not exist 
 
 (vi) if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant, a statement that the Claimant and the Plan may have other voluntary alternative dispute resolution options, such as mediation, and that the Claimant may find out what options are available by contacting the local U.S. Department of Labor Office and the state insurance regulatory agency 
 
 (vii) if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant, a discussion of the decision, including an explanation of the basis for disagreeing with or not following (A) the views of a health care professional who treated the Claimant, (B) the views of medical or vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Plan (without regard to whether such advice was relied upon for the decision), and (C) a determination by the Social Security Administration 
 
 (viii) if the decision involved the Disability of the Participant and was based on a medical necessity, experimental treatment or similar exclusion limit, an explanation of the scientific or clinical judgment for the decision (applying the terms of the Plan to Claimant s medical circumstances) or a statement that Claimant can request a copy of such explanation, free of charge, upon request and 
 20 

(ix) such other matters as the Plan Administrator deems relevant. 
 
 If the appeal involves the Disability of the Participant, the decision of the Plan Administrator will be made within forty-five (45) days after the filing of the written request for review, unless special circumstances require additional time, in which case the Plan Administrator s decision will be made within ninety (90) days after the date the request was filed. If an extension of time is needed, the Plan Administrator shall notify the Claimant of the extension before the expiration of the original 45-day period. The notice will include a description of the circumstances requiring the extension and an estimate of the date it expects a decision to be made. 
 
 If the Plan Administrator notifies the Claimant of the need for an extension of time to make a decision regarding his or her appeal in accordance with this Section 6.11(d), and the extension is needed due to the Claimant s failure to provide information necessary to decide the appeal, the period of time in which the Plan Administrator must make a decision does not include the time between the date the notice of the extension was sent to the Claimant and the date the Claimant responds to the request for additional information. 
 
 (e) Legal Action . No individual claiming any benefit or right under the Plan may bring any legal action without first exhausting the claims and revise procedures described in this Section 6.11 and in any event later than earlier of (i) two (2) years after the claimant (or the Participant or Beneficiary on whose behalf the claim is being made) knew or exercising reasonable diligence should have known of the circumstances giving rise to the claim or (ii) one (1) year after the final decision on review under Section 6.11(d). 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 
 7.1 Appointment. The Plan Administrator shall serve at the pleasure of the Plan Sponsor, who shall have the right to remove the Plan Administrator at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice. The Plan Administrator shall have the right to resign upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Plan Sponsor. 
 
 7.2 Duties of Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall be responsible to perform all administrative functions of the Plan. These duties include but are not limited to 
 
 (a) Communicating with Participants in connection with their rights and benefits under the Plan 
 
 (b) Reviewing Benefit Benchmark elections received from Participants 
 
 (c) Arranging for the payment of taxes (including income tax withholding), expenses and benefit payments to Participants under the Plan 
 21 

(d) Filing any returns and reports due with respect to the Plan 
 
 (e) Interpreting and construing Plan provisions and settling claims for Plan benefits and 
 
 (f) Serving as the Plan s designated representative for the service of notices, reports, claims or legal process. 
 
 7.3 Plan Sponsor. The Plan Sponsor has sole responsibility for the establishment and maintenance of the Plan. The Plan Sponsor shall have the power and authority to appoint the Plan Administrator, Trustee and any other professionals as may be required for the administration of the Plan. The Plan Sponsor shall also have the right to remove any individual or party appointed to perform administrative, investment, fiduciary or other functions under the Plan. The Plan Sponsor may delegate any of its powers to the Plan Administrator, Board member or a committee of the Board. 
 
 7.4 Administrative Fees and Expenses. All reasonable costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Plan Administrator or the Trustee in connection with the administration of the Plan or the Trust shall be paid by the Plan Sponsor. If not so paid, such costs, charges and expenses shall be charged to the Trust, if any, established in connection with the Plan. The Trustee shall be specifically authorized to charge its fees and expenses directly to the Trust. If the Trust has insufficient liquid assets to cover the applicable fees, the Trustee shall have the right to liquidate assets held in the Trust to pay any fees or expenses due. 
 
 7.5 Plan Administration and Interpretation. The Plan Administrator shall have complete discretionary control and authority to determine the rights and benefits and all claims, demands and actions arising out of the provisions of the Plan or any Participant, Beneficiary, deceased Participant, or other person having or claiming to have any interest under the Plan. The Plan Administrator shall have complete discretion to interpret the Plan and to decide all matters under the Plan. Such interpretation and decision shall be final, conclusive, and binding on all Participants and any person claiming under or through any Participant. Any individual serving as Plan Administrator who is a Participant will not vote or act on any matter relating solely to himself or herself. When making a determination or calculation, the Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by a Participant, a Beneficiary, the Plan Sponsor, or other party. The Plan Administrator shall have the responsibility for complying with any reporting and disclosure requirements of ERISA. 
 
 7.6 Powers, Duties, Procedures . The Plan Administrator may adopt such rules, may act in accordance with such procedures, may appoint such officers or agents, may delegate such powers and duties, may receive such reimbursements, and shall follow such claims and appeal procedures with respect to the Plan as it may establish, each consistently with the terms of the Plan. 
 
 7.7 Information. To enable the Plan Administrator to perform its functions, the Plan Sponsor shall supply full and timely information to the Plan Administrator on all matters relating to the Compensation of Participants, their employment, retirement, death, 
 22 

Separation from Service, and such other pertinent facts as the Plan Administrator may require. 
 
 7.8 Indemnification of Plan Administrator. The Plan Sponsor agrees to indemnify and to defend to the fullest extent permitted by law any officer(s), employee(s) or Board members who serve as Plan Administrator (including any such individual who formerly served as Plan Administrator) against all liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts paid in settlement of any claims approved by the Plan Sponsor) occasioned by any act or omission to act in connection with the Plan, if such act or omission is in good faith. 
 
 7.9 Plan Administration Following a Change in Control Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article VIII or elsewhere in the Plan or Trust, upon a Change in Control Event with respect to the Plan Sponsor the individual serving as Chief Executive Officer of such Plan Sponsor immediately prior to such Change in Control Event shall have the right to appoint an individual, third party or committee to serve as Plan Administrator. Such appointment shall be made in writing and copies thereof shall be delivered to the Board, to the existing Plan Administrator, to the Trustee, and to all Plan Participants. The Trustee and all other service providers shall be entitled to rely fully on instructions received from the successor Plan Administrator and shall be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law for acting in accordance with the proper instructions of the successor Plan Administrator. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
 TRUST FUND 
 
 8.1 Trust. The Plan Sponsor may establish a Trust for the purpose of accumulating assets which may, but need not be used, by the Plan Sponsor to satisfy some or all of its financial obligations to provide benefits to Participants under this Plan. Any trust created under this Section 8.1 shall be domiciled in the United States of America, and no assets of the Plan shall be held or transferred outside the United States. All assets held in the Trust shall remain the exclusive property of the Plan Sponsor and shall be available to pay creditor claims of the Plan Sponsor in the event of insolvency, to the extent provided under any Trust established with respect to such Plan Sponsor. The assets held in Trust shall be administered in accordance with the terms of the separate Trust Agreement between the Trustee and the Plan Sponsor. 
 
 8.2 Unfunded Plan. In no event will the assets accumulated by the Plan Sponsor in the Trust be construed as creating a funded Plan under the applicable provisions of ERISA or the Code, or under the provisions of any other applicable statute or regulation. Any funds set aside by the Plan Sponsor in Trust shall be administered in accordance with the terms of the Trust. 
 
 8.3 Assignment and Alienation. No Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased Participant shall have the right to anticipate, assign, transfer, sell, mortgage, pledge or hypothecate any benefit under this Plan. The Plan Administrator shall not recognize any attempt by a 
 23 

third party to attach, garnish or levy upon any benefit under the Plan except as may be required by law. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 AMENDMENT AND PLAN TERMINATION 
 
 9.1 Amendment. The Plan Sponsor shall have the right to amend this Plan without the consent of any Participant or Beneficiary hereunder, provided that no such amendment shall have the effect of reducing any of the vested benefits to which a Participant or Beneficiary has accrued a right as of the effective date of the amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan Sponsor shall have the right to amend this Plan in any manner whatsoever without the consent of any Participant or Beneficiary to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and any binding guidance thereunder to avoid adverse tax consequences even if such amendment has the effect of reducing a vested benefit or existing right of a Participant or Beneficiary hereunder. 
 
 9.2 Plan Termination. Subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A, the Plan Sponsor may terminate or discontinue the Plan in whole or in part at any time. No further Discretionary Credits or Matching Credits shall be made following Plan termination, and no further Compensation Deferrals shall be permitted after the Taxable Year in which the Plan termination occurs, except that the Plan Sponsor shall be responsible to pay any benefit attributable to vested amounts credited to the Participant s Account as of the effective date of termination (following any adjustments to such Accounts in accordance with Article III hereof). If the Plan is terminated in accordance with this Section 9.2, the Plan Administrator shall make distribution of the Participant s vested benefit upon the occurrence of a Distributable Event with respect to a Participant. A Participant s vested benefit shall be adjusted to reflect Investment Credits and Debits for all Valuation Dates between Plan termination and the occurrence of a Participant s Distributable Event. 
 
 9.3 Effect of Payment. The full payment of the balance of a Participant s vested Account under the provisions of the Plan shall completely discharge all obligations to a Participant and his designated Beneficiaries under this Plan and each of the Participant s Compensation Deferral Agreements shall terminate. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 10.1 Total Agreement. This Plan document, the Annual Enrollment Materials, Beneficiary designation, and other administration forms shall constitute the total agreement or contract between the Plan Sponsor and the Participant regarding the Plan. No oral statement regarding the Plan may be relied upon by a Participant or Beneficiary. The Plan Sponsor or Plan Administrator shall have the right to establish such procedures as are necessary for the administration or operation of the Plan or Trust, and such procedures shall also be considered a part of the Plan unless clearly contrary to the express provisions thereof. 
 24 

10.2 Employment Rights. Neither the establishment of this Plan nor any modification thereof, nor the creation of any Trust or Account, nor the payment of any benefits, shall be construed as giving a Participant or other person a right to employment with the Plan Sponsor or any Affiliate or any other legal or equitable right against the Plan Sponsor of any Affiliate except as provided in the Plan. In no event shall the terms of employment of any Eligible Individual be modified or in any way be affected by the Plan. 
 
 10.3 Non-Assignability. None of the benefits, payments, proceeds or claims of any Participant or Beneficiary shall be subject to attachment or garnishment or other legal process by any creditor of such Participant or Beneficiary, nor shall any Participant or Beneficiary have the right to alienate, commute, pledge, encumber or assign any of the benefits or payments or proceeds which he or she may expect to receive, contingently or otherwise under the Plan. 
 
 10.4 Binding Agreement. Any action with respect to the Plan taken by the Plan Administrator or the Plan Sponsor or the Trustee or any action authorized by or taken at the direction of the Plan Administrator, the Plan Sponsor or other authorized party shall be conclusive upon all Participants and Beneficiaries entitled to benefits under the Plan. 
 
 10.5 Furnishing Information. A Participant or Beneficiary will cooperate with the Plan Administrator or any representative thereof by furnishing any and all information requested by the Plan Administrator and take such other actions as may be requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and the payments of benefits hereunder, including but not limited to taking such physical examinations as the Plan Administrator may deem necessary. 
 
 10.6 Compliance with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, all provisions of the Plan will be interpreted and applied to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and any regulations and applicable binding guidance so as to avoid adverse tax consequences. No provision of the Plan, however, is intended or shall be interpreted to create any right with respect to the tax treatment of the amounts paid or payable hereunder, and neither the Plan Sponsor nor any Affiliate shall under any circumstances have any liability to a Participant or Beneficiary for any taxes, penalties or interest due on amounts paid or payable under the Plan, including taxes, penalties or interest imposed under Code Section 409A. 
 
 10.7 Insurance. The Plan Sponsors, on their own behalf or on behalf of the trustee of the Trust, and, in their sole discretion, may apply for and procure insurance on the life of the Participant, in such amounts and in such forms as they may choose. The Plan Sponsors or the trustee of the Trust, as the case may be, shall be the sole owner and beneficiary of any such insurance. The Participant shall have no interest whatsoever in any such policy or policies, and at the request of the Plan Sponsor shall submit to medical examinations and supply such information and execute such documents as may be required by the insurance company or companies to which the Plan Sponsor have applied for insurance. 
 
 10.8 Governing Law. Construction, validity and administration of this Plan shall be governed by applicable Federal law and the law of the state of New York without regard to the 
 25 

conflict of law provisions of such state law. If any provision shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be fully effective. 
 
 10.9 Headings and Subheadings. Headings and subheadings in this Plan are inserted for convenience only and are not to be considered in the interpretation of the provisions hereof. 

Dated August 16 , 2024 Constellation Brands, Inc. s Jeffrey P. Viviano Jeffrey Viviano Senior Vice President, Total Rewards 
 26 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 stzex311_831202410q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q for Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 
 
 I, William A. Newlands, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Constellation Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 3, 2024 
 s William A. Newlands William A. Newlands President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 stzex312_831202410q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q for Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 
 
 I, Garth Hankinson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Constellation Brands, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 3, 2024 
 s Garth Hankinson Garth Hankinson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 stzex321_831202410q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q for Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 

In connection with the Constellation Brands, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024, I, William A. Newlands, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 of Constellation Brands, Inc. fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 
 2. The information contained in the periodic report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 of Constellation Brands, Inc. fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Constellation Brands, Inc. 
 
 Dated October 3, 2024 s William A. Newlands William A. Newlands President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 stzex322_831202410q.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Constellation Brands, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q for Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 

In connection with the Constellation Brands, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024, I, Garth Hankinson, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 of Constellation Brands, Inc. fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 
 2. The information contained in the periodic report on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter Ended August 31, 2024 of Constellation Brands, Inc. fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Constellation Brands, Inc. 
 
 Dated October 3, 2024 s Garth Hankinson Garth Hankinson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 stz-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 stz-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 stz-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 stz-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 stz-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

