<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_774415_0001683168-24-007844.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4311329</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92188</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1006129</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>958799</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>963443</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1188527</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007844.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112075443
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007844
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OneSolution Technology Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000774415
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POWER, DISTRIBUTION & SPECIALTY TRANSFORMERS [3612]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				133784149
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56396
		FILM NUMBER:		241443440

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 1813, 18/F, FO TAN INDUSTRIAL CENTR
		STREET 2:		26-28 AU PUI WAN STREET
		CITY:			FO TAN
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-35858905

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 1813, 18/F, FO TAN INDUSTRIAL CENTR
		STREET 2:		26-28 AU PUI WAN STREET
		CITY:			FO TAN
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KING RESOURCES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220606

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KING RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARXA INTERNATIONAL ENERGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007844.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 onesolution_i10q-93024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPTEMBER 2024

OneSolution Technology Inc. 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Quarterly Period ended 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+ 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, as of September 30, 2024 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 10 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 10 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 (audited) 
 10 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 12 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 13 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 14 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 38 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 40 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 40 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 40 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 40 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 40 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 

Item 5. Other Information 
 40 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 42 

2 

INTRODUCTORY COMMENT 

We are not a Hong Kong operating
company but a Delaware holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based in Hong Kong and the British
Virgin Islands. Our investors hold shares of common stock in OneSolution Technology Inc, the Delaware holding company. This structure
presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong operating subsidiary and will be dependent
upon contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. Our ability to obtain contributions from our subsidiaries are
significantly affected by regulations promulgated by Hong Kong and the People s Republic of China the PRC authorities.
Any change in the interpretation of existing rules and regulations or the promulgation of new rules and regulations may materially affect
our operations and or the value of our securities, including causing the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company associated with our structure, please refer to Risk
Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China set forth in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 16, 2024 (the Annual Report ). 

We currently operate in Hong
Kong, and we intend to expand distribution of our products into China and other Asia markets as opportunities permit. While we have no
current intention of expanding our physical presence or operations into China, we expect to become directly subject to all PRC laws with
all risks described herein relating to the PRC to increase if we develop such physical presence or establish operations in China. 

OneSolution Technology Inc.
and its Hong Kong and British Virgin Islands subsidiaries are not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities including
the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, or Cybersecurity Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities
to foreign investors. In making this determination, we relied on the legal opinion of Ravenscroft Schmierer, a copy of which is
attached as Exhibit 5 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on April 21, 2022 (the Form 10 ). However, in light of the recent statements and regulatory actions by the PRC
government, such as those related to the extension of China s oversight and control into Hong Kong, the promulgation of regulations
prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns,
we may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard including the risk that the PRC
government could disallow our holding company structure, which may result in a material change in our operations, including our ability
to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and offer or continue to
offer securities to our investors. If our subsidiary or the holding company were required to obtain approvals in the future, or we erroneously
conclude that approvals were not required, or were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, our operations
may materially change, our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to our investors or to continue listing on a U.S. exchange
may be adversely affected, and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect
the interest of the investors. We may also be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the
CSRC, if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which could adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities
to continue to trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which may cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become
worthless. 

There may be prominent risks
associated with our operations being in Hong Kong and China. For example, as a U.S.-listed Hong Kong public company, we may
face heightened scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of
our common stock. It could also significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Additionally, changes in Chinese internal regulatory
mandates, such as the M A rules, Anti-Monopoly Law, and the Data Security Law, and recent statements and regulatory actions by the
PRC government such as those related to the use of variable interest entities, data security and anti-monopoly concerns, may target the
Company's corporate structure and impact our ability to conduct business in Hong Kong and China, accept foreign investments, or list on
an U.S. or other foreign exchange. For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company and the offering associated with our operations
in Hong Kong and future operations in China, please refer to Risk Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in
Hong Kong and China . set forth in the Annual Report. 

3 

The recent joint statement
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ),
and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied
to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected
by the PCAOB. Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate
completely our auditor, and that as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed
the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act which would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required
for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the time before our securities may be prohibited
from trading or being delisted. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted rules to implement the HFCAA. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued
its report notifying the Commission that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China or Hong Kong due to positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor is based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
and is subject to PCAOB s inspection. It is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However,
in the event the Malaysian authorities subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then we would need to
change our auditor to avoid having our securities delisted. Furthermore, due to the recent developments in connection with the implementation
of the HFCAA, we cannot assure you whether the SEC or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria
to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel
and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. The
requirement in the HFCAA that the PCAOB be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within two or three years, may
result in the delisting of our securities from applicable trading markets in the U.S, in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect
our accounting firm at such future time. Please see Risk Factors The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer's public accounting firm within three years.
This three-year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act is enacted. There
are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies
to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable
to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and delist our securities from applicable
trading market within the US. set forth in the Annual Report. 

In addition to the foregoing
risks, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties arising from doing business in Hong Kong and China as summarized
below and in Risk Factors Risks Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China. set forth in the
Annual Report. 

There are significant risks associated with our operations being based in Hong Kong. Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the Hong Kong and PRC government could have a material and adverse effect on overall economic growth in China and Hong Kong, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Please see Risk Factors We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong currently, and in the future, in China, and the profitability of such business. and Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political, legal and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and the PRC, and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition . set forth in the Annual Report. 

We are a holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiary based in Hong Kong. This structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong subsidiary and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiary to finance our cash flow needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiary to make payments to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future; you should not buy our stock if you expect dividends. Please see Risk Factors Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other cash payments is limited. set forth in the Annual Report. 

4 

There is a possibility that the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. We rely on dividends from our Hong Kong subsidiary for our cash and financing requirements, such as the funds necessary to service any debt we may incur. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Please see Risk Factors Our Hong Kong subsidiary may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Risk Factors - PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. Risk Factors - Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. and Transfers of Cash to and from our Subsidiaries. set forth in the Annual Report. 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investments in PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of this offering to make loans or additional capital contributions to our operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong. Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. Please see Risk Factors PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business . set forth in the Annual Report. 

In light of China s extension of its authority into Hong Kong, we are subject to risks arising from the legal system in Hong Kong and China, including risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws and that rules and regulations in Hong Kong and China can change quickly with little or no advance notice. There is also a risk that the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in Hong Kong or PRC based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our securities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities (including the CSRC and the CAC) to operate or to list on U.S. exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in Hong Kong-based issuers over time and if our subsidiary or the holding company were required to obtain approvals in the future, or we erroneously conclude that approvals were not required, or were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, our operations may materially change, our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to our investors or to continue listing on a U.S. exchange may be significantly limited or completely hindered, and the value of our common stock (including those we are registering for sale now or in the future) may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. To the extent that we expand our operations into China, all of the foregoing risks will become more prominent and directly applicable to us, and significantly adverse policies from the PRC may force us to divest of such Chinese operations or face other risks of forfeiture. Please see Risk Factors We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong currently, and in the future, in China, and the profitability of such business. , Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political, legal and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and the PRC, and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition. and The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a Hong Kong company s business operations or to exert control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene with or influence our operations, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless, as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. set forth in the Annual Report. 

Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

5 

We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection, especially if we expand operations or physical presence into China. We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. Please see Risk Factors The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a Hong Kong company s business operations or to exert control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene with or influence our operations, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless, as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. set forth in the Annual Report. 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC EIT Law ), we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. Please see Risk Factors Our global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. set forth in the Annual Report. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident Shareholders to personal liability, may limit our ability to acquire Hong Kong and PRC companies or to inject capital into our Hong Kong subsidiary, may limit the ability of our Hong Kong subsidiaries to distribute profits to us or may otherwise materially and adversely affect us. 

You may be subject to PRC income tax on dividends from us or on any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock. Please see Risk Factors Dividends payable to our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our shares of common stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax by the PRC. set forth in the Annual Report. 

We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. Please see Risk Factors We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. set forth in the Annual Report. 

We are organized under the laws of the State of Delaware as a holding company that conducts its business through a number of subsidiaries organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions such as Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands. This may have an adverse impact on the ability of U.S. investors to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. Courts against these entities, bring actions in Hong Kong against us or our management or to effect service of process on the officers and directors managing the foreign subsidiaries. Please see Risk Factors Investors may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in Hong Kong based upon U.S. laws, including the federal securities laws or other foreign laws against us or our management. set forth in the Annual Report. 

U.S. regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. 

There are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. Please see Risk Factors Our global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. set forth in the Annual Report. 

References in this Form
10-Q to the Company, KRFG, we, us and our refer to OneSolution Technology
Inc., a Delaware company and all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Where reference to a specific entity is required, the name
of such specific entity will be referenced. 

6 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

OneSolution Technology Inc.
is a Delaware holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in Hong Kong primarily through our operating subsidiary
in Hong Kong, and most of our cash is maintained in Hong Kong Dollars. We may rely on dividends to be paid by our Hong Kong or British
Virgin Islands subsidiaries to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash
distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. There is a possibility that the
PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business
or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements,
service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. If our Hong Kong subsidiary incurs debt on its own behalf in
the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. To date, our
subsidiaries have not made any transfers, dividends or distributions to OneSolution Technology Inc. and OneSolution Technology Inc. has
not made any transfers, dividends or distributions to its subsidiaries. 

OneSolution Technology Inc.
is permitted under Delaware laws to provide funding to our subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands through loans or capital
contributions without restrictions on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval
and filing requirements. Our Hong Kong subsidiary, Powertech Corporation Limited Powertech Corp ), and British Virgin Islands
subsidiary, Powertech Management Limited, are also permitted under the laws of Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands to provide funding
to OneSolution Technology Inc. through dividend distributions without restrictions on the amount of the funds. As of the date of this
report, there has been no dividends or distributions among the parent company or the subsidiaries nor do we expect such dividends or distributions
to occur in the foreseeable future among the parent company and its subsidiaries. 

We currently intend to retain
all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business
prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 

Currently, the treasury function
of OneSolution Technology Inc. and its subsidiaries is centralized and operated by the finance department of Powertech Corporation Limited
located in Hong Kong under the management of its chief financial officer. In order to provide a process and guidance on collecting, accounting
for, and safeguarding all cash and cash equivalents of OneSolution Technology Inc. and its subsidiaries, we have established a cash management
policy that includes procedures on receiving funds, depositing funds, and proper documentation and recording of cash. 

Subject to the Delaware General
Corporation Law and our bylaws, our board of directors may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time and of such an
amount as they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value of our assets
will exceed our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they become due. There is no further Delaware statutory restriction
on the amount of funds which may be distributed by us by dividend. 

Under the current practice
of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by us. The laws and regulations
of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on transfer of cash from OneSolution Technology Inc. to our Hong Kong subsidiary
or from our Hong Kong subsidiary to OneSolution Technology Inc. There are no restrictions or limitation under the laws of Hong Kong imposed
on the conversion of Hong Kong dollar into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of Hong Kong or across borders and
to U.S. investors. 

7 

There is a possibility that
the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business
or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements,
service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Please see Risk Factors Our Hong Kong subsidiary
may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity
requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Risk Factors PRC regulation of
loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay
or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions
to our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. 
 Risk Factors Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments,
our ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. set forth in the Annual Report. 

Current PRC regulations permit
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Hong Kong subsidiaries only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with
Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of
its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of
such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although
the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be
used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective
companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. As of the date of this report,
we do not have any PRC subsidiaries. 

The PRC government also imposes
controls on the conversion of Renminbi RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore,
we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency to finance our
cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC
incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments.
If we or our subsidiaries are unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common
stock. 

Cash dividends, if any, on
our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay
to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of
up to 10 . 

In order for us to pay dividends
to our shareholders, we will rely on payments made from our Hong Kong subsidiary to OneSolution Technology Inc. If in the future we have
PRC subsidiaries, certain payments from such PRC subsidiaries to our Hong Kong subsidiary will be subject to PRC taxes, including business
taxes and Value-added tax. As of the date of this report, we do not have any PRC subsidiaries and our Hong Kong subsidiary has not made
any transfers, dividends or distributions nor do we expect to make such transfer, dividends or distributions in the foreseeable future. 

Pursuant to the Arrangement
between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income,
or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no
less than 25 of a PRC entity. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements must be satisfied,
including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong
Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt
of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply
for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case
basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and
enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by a PRC
subsidiary to its immediate holding company. As of the date of this report, we do not have a PRC subsidiary. In the event that we acquire
or form a PRC subsidiary in the future and such PRC subsidiary desires to declare and pay dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiary, our Hong
Kong subsidiary will be required to apply for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. In such event, we
plan to inform the investors through SEC filings, such as a current report on Form 8-K, prior to such actions. See Risk Factors
 Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China . set forth in the Annual Report. 

8 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s market projections, financial position, business strategy
and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments which the Company expects or anticipates will
or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof); expansion
and growth of the Company's business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements. These statements are based
on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions
and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether actual
results or developments will conform with the Company's expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented to and
pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control of the Company. 

These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, anticipates, 
 expects, estimates, plans, may, will, or similar terms. These statements
appear in a number of places in this filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company,
and its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company's financial condition or results
of operations for its limited history; (ii) the Company's business and growth strategies; and (iii) the Company's financing plans. Investors
are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties,
and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such
factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to, the Company's limited operating history,
potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation, technological change and competition. For information
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements,
please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report. 

Consequently, all of the forward-looking
statements made in this Form 10-Q are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or
developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence
to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

9 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . 

ONESOLUTION TECHNOLOGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND MARCH 31, 2024 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )), except for number of shares) 

September 30, 
2024 
 March 31, 
2024 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Amount due from a related party 

Prepayment to suppliers 

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Accrued consulting and service fee 

Advance received from customer 

Amounts due to related parties 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock, par value , shares authorized, shares undesignated as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 

Series C Preferred Stock, par value , shares designated, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Common stock to be issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Stockholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

10 

ONESOLUTION TECHNOLOGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND 

 COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

Three Months ended September 30, 
 Six Months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenue, net 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Sundry income 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain on disposal of subsidiaries 

Total other expense, net 

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Foreign currency adjustment (loss) gain 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Net income (loss) per share Basic and Diluted 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average outstanding shares 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

11 

ONESOLUTION TECHNOLOGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 2023 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

Six months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation - property and equipment 

Depreciation - right-of-use assets 

Amortization 

Non-cash lease expenses 

Amortization of deferred financing cost 

Gain on disposal of subsidiaries 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Deposit, prepayments and other receivables 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Accounts payables 

Accrued consulting and service fees 

Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash outflow from disposal of subsidiaries 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

12 

ONESOLUTION TECHNOLOGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Series C Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Common stock to be issued 
 Additional 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 
 Total 

No. of 
 
 No. of 
 
 No. of 
 
 paid-in 
 income 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 

shares 
 Amount 
 shares 
 Amount 
 shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 (loss) 
 losses 
 deficit 

Balance as of April 1, 2023 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net loss for the period 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net loss for the period 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Balance as of April 1, 2024 

Share issued for services rendered 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net loss for the period 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Disposal of subsidiaries 

Foreign translation adjustment 

Net income for the period 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Adjusted retrospectively for amendment in the par value of common
stock (refer Note 8) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

13 

ONESOLUTION TECHNOLOGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

# 

# 

# 

The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter
referred to as the Company . 

allowance
for doubtful accounts. 

allowance for expected credit loss for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

 impairment of intangible assets identified for the six months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023. 

 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 
 years 

Expenditures for repair and maintenance are expensed
as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

 impairment charge for
the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Annualized average HKD:US exchange rate 

and , respectively. 

Amortization expense for the six months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

at September 30, 2024. The continuation as a going concern is dependent upon
improving profitability and obtaining the continued financial support from the stockholder and external financing to provide the additional
cash to meet the Company s obligations as they become due. Whilst management believes that external financing can be obtained, there
can be no assurance on the success of raising such additional capital resources on terms satisfactory to the Company. 

These unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and
liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 

million from the disposal of subsidiaries. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer equipment 

Foreign translation difference 

Property and equipment gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Less: foreign translation difference 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expenses for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Depreciation expenses for the six months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, all the property and
equipment were disposed through corporate restructuring exercise.. 

years 

Trademarks 
 
 years 

Less: accumulated amortization 

() 
 
 Foreign translation adjustment 

Amortization of intangible assets for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Amortization of intangible assets for the six
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, all the intangible assets
were disposed through corporate restructuring exercise. 

and ,
as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. The amount is unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand. 

The amount due to related parties was 
and as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. As at September 30, 2024, represented temporary advances
for working capital purpose. As of March 31, 2024, and represented temporary advances for working capital purpose and
trade nature purpose respectively. The amounts are due to the Company s shareholders and their controlling companies, which were
unsecured, interest-free and are repayable on demand. 

shares. 

The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of preferred stock, with a par value of 0.0001. The Company has one class of Preferred Stock designated with shares
authorized as Series C Preferred Stock, with a par value of per share. 

The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of common stock, with a par value of . 

On December 27, 2023, the Company filed an Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation effectuating all of the foregoing corporate actions. The Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation also confirmed the cancellation of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. The Company amended the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized capital stock from 6,085,000,000, consisting of 6,000,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value 0.001, and 85,000,000 shares of preferred stock, to 36,100,000,000 consisting of 36,000,000,000 shares of common stock,
par value 0.0001, and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0001. 

Series C Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated shares of
Series C Preferred Stock. Each one share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock converts into 100 shares of common stock of the Company
at the election of the holder, subject to equitable adjustments. 

As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the
Company had shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

On April 12, 2024, the Company issued 
shares of its common stock to settle the consulting and service fee to consultants who rendered services to the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the
Company had a total of shares and shares of its common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

# 
 Less than 0.001 

Foreign, including 

British Virgin Islands 

Hong Kong 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

The provision for income taxes consisted of the
following: 

Foreign 

Deferred tax 

Local 

Foreign 

Income tax expense 

The effective tax rate in the periods presented
is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rate. The Company mainly
operates in Hong Kong and is subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which it operates, as follows: 

United States of America 

OneSolution Technology Inc. is registered in the
State of Delaware and is subject to tax laws of the United States of America. The U.S. corporate income tax rate is 21 effective January
1, 2018. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its income
tax provision. The Company has not accrued for interest or penalties as they were not material to its results of operations for the periods
presented. 

As of September 30, 2024, the operations in the
United States of America incurred of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward indefinitely to offset future
taxable income. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of on the expected future
tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not
be realized in the future. 

BVI 

Under the current BVI law, the Company is not
subject to tax on income. 

Hong Kong 

The Company s subsidiary operating in Hong
Kong is subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at the two-tiered profits tax rates from 8.25 to 16.5 on the estimated assessable profits
arising in Hong Kong during the current period after deducting a tax concession for the tax year. The reconciliation of income tax rate
to the effective income tax rate for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Tax effect of non-deductible items 

Tax effect of non-taxable items 

Tax operating loss 

Income tax expense 

As of September 30, 2024, the operations in Hong
Kong incurred of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. There is no expiry
in net operating loss carryforwards under Hong Kong tax regime. the Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred
tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more
likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

The following table sets forth the significant
components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024: 

Hong Kong tax regime 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

The Company filed income tax returns in the United
States federal tax jurisdiction and the Delaware state tax jurisdiction. Since the Company is in a loss carryforward position, it is generally
subject to examination by federal and state tax authority for all tax years in which a loss carryforward is available. 

and respectively to a related company
which is related to a shareholder. 

During the six months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company earned technical consultancy services income of and respectively to a related company which is related
to a shareholder. 

During the six months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company incurred consulting fee expenses of and respectively to a director - Wong Nga Yin Polin. As at September
30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the balances payable to Wong Nga Yin Polin was 66,000 and 33,000 respectively. 

The amount due from a related party represented
temporary advances to the related party for research and development conducted. The amount due from a related party was and ,
as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. The amount is unsecured, interest-free and recoverable on demand. 

Apart from the transactions and balances detailed
above and elsewhere in these accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other significant
or material related party transactions during the periods presented. 

of the Company s revenue amounting to with accounts receivable at September 30, 2024. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
there was a single customer exceeding 10 of the Company s revenue. This customer is located in Hong Kong, and accounted for 
of the Company s revenue amounting to , with accounts receivable at September 30, 2023. 

For the six months ended September 30, 2024, there
was a single customer exceeding 10 of the Company s revenue. This customer is located in Hong Kong, and accounted for of the
Company s revenue amounting to with accounts receivable at September 30, 2024. 

For the six months ended September 30, 2023, there
was a single customer exceeding 10 of the Company s revenue. This customer is located in Hong Kong, and accounted for of the
Company s revenue amounting to , with accounts receivable at September 30, 2023. 

(b) Major
vendors 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
there was a single vendor exceeding 10 of the Company s cost of revenue. This vendor is located in Hong Kong, and accounted for
 of the Company s cost of revenue amounting to with related party balances at September 30, 2023. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
there was a single vendor exceeding 10 of the Company s cost of revenue. This vendor is located in PRC, and accounted for 
of the Company s cost of revenue amounting to , with related party balances at September 30, 2023. 

For the six months ended September 30, 2024, there
was a single vendor exceeding 10 of the Company s cost of revenue. This vendor is located in PRC, and accounted for of the
Company s cost of revenue amounting to , with related party balances at September 30, 2024. 

For the six months ended September 30, 2023, there
was a single vendor exceeding 10 of the Company s cost of revenue. This vendor is located in Hong Kong, and accounted for 
of the Company s cost of revenue amounting to , with related party balances at September 30, 2023. 

(c) Economic
and political risk 

The Company s major operations are conducted
in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general state of Hong Kong s
economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Company may also be exposed to
the broader global economic conditions. 

The present global economic climate with rising
global tensions, rising costs and fuel shortage which potentially could escalate and result in global inflation may also impact the Company s
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

(d) Exchange rate risk 

The Company cannot guarantee that the current
exchange rate will remain steady; therefore, there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable
periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of HKD converted
to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without notice. 

(e) Liquidity risk 

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will
not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company s policy is to ensure that it has sufficient cash
to meet its liabilities when they become due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking
damage to the Company s reputation. A key risk in managing liquidity is the degree of uncertainty in the cash flow projections.
This is presently managed through shareholder financial support. If future cash flows are fairly uncertain, the liquidity risk increases. 

29 

ITEM
2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

The
following discussion and analysis of our Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in the report. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. See Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements on page 9. 

Unless
otherwise noted, all currency figures quoted as U.S. dollars , dollars or refer to the legal
currency of the United States. Throughout this report, assets and liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries are translated into
U.S. dollars using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during
the period. The gains and losses resulting from the translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate
component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statement of stockholders equity. 

Overview 

We were incorporated in the
state of Delaware on September 8, 1995, under the name ARXA International Energy, Inc. On June 4, 2001, we changed our name to King Resources,
Inc. Effective December 27, 2023 we changed our name to OneSolution Technology Inc., our current name. 

OneSolution Technology Inc.
is a holding company that, through its subsidiaries, is engaged primarily in the development of smart power supply solutions and products
and rendering of related technical service as well as lifestyle products in Hong Kong. We operate our business through our wholly owned
subsidiary Powertech Corporation Limited Powertech Corp ). Powertech Corp commenced operation in Hong Kong on January 21,
2015 and sold our products primarily in Asia. We are not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities to operate or to issue
securities to foreign investors. The holding company of Powertech Corp, Powertech Management Limited Powertech was organized
as a private limited liability company on December 3, 2021, in British Virgin Islands. We acquired Powertech on December 15, 2021. 

We have five wholly-owned
subsidiaries: (i) OneSolution Holdings Limited OSH ), a BVI limited liability company formed in August 2022; (ii) Powertech
Management Limited Powertech ), a BVI limited liability company formed in December 2021; (iii) Powertech Corporation Limited Powertech Corp ), a Hong Kong limited liability company formed in January 2015; (iv) OneSolution Management Limited OSM ),
a BVI limited liability company formed in August 2022; and (v) OneSolution Innotech Limited OSIL ), a Hong Kong limited
liability company formed in September 2022, and we have two business focuses: 

Powertech Corp focuses on
(i) research and development solutions; (ii) sales of own brand smart power supply products, and (iii) development of IoT products across
our smart home, smart office and smart fitness ecosystem; 

OSIL has entered into several
partnership agreements with brands selling innovative and lifestyle products. Currently, OSIL acts as the distributor of five brands,
namely Aqigo, Brusheva, Qivation, Paudin and Team Cuisine. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company disposed Powertech and Powertech Corp, the gain on disposal was 2,513,875. 

For the six months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, we reported a net income (loss) of 2,336,135 and 450,832, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, and March 31, 2024,
we had current assets of 0 and 132,876, respectively, and current liabilities of 695,181 and 3,165,453, respectively. 

Our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern.
Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders.
Our sources of capital in the past have included the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions
and public offerings, capital leases and short-term and long-term debts. 

30 

We are not required to obtain
permission from the Chinese authorities to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. 

Our corporate organization
chart is as below: 

31 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table sets forth
certain operational data for the periods indicated: 

Three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue, net 
 19,234 
 19,166 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (11,540 
 (11,500 
 
 Gross profit 
 7,694 
 7,666 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 
 
 (76,281 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 
 (392 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (23,782 
 (140,754 
 
 Loss from operation 
 (23,782 
 (209,427 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 2,513,875 
 (100,711 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 2,497,787 
 (310,472 
 
 Income tax expense 

Net loss 
 2,497,787 
 (310,472 

Revenue 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, the following customer accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenue: 

Three
 months ended 
September 30, 2024 

September
 30, 
2024 

Customer 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
 of revenues 

Accounts 
 receivable 

Marvel Digital Group Limited 

19,234 

100 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2023, the following customer accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenue: 

Six
 months ended 
September 30, 2023 

September
 30, 
2023 

Customer 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
 of revenues 

Accounts 
 receivable 

Marvel Digital Group Limited 

19,166 

100 

42,492 

32 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was 11,540 and 11,500, respectively. 

Gross Profit 

We achieved a gross profit
of 7,694 and 7,666 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The gross profit remained steady. 

Research and Development Expenses R D 

Research and development expenses
were 0 and 76,281 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in expenses was due to no R D
activity associated with our smart chargers, power banks and IoT products development incurred for the three months ended September 30,
2024. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses
were 0 and 392 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The expenses primarily include consulting fees.
The decrease in expenses was due to no consulting fees incurred for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

General and Administrative Expenses G A 

General and administrative
expenses were 23,782 and 140,754 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These expenses primarily include
consulting fees, personnel related expenses, as well as costs incurred on other professional fees incurred in connection with general
operations of the Company. The G A expenses decreased by approximately 116,972 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 from
 140,754 in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the decrease in accounting fees, dues
 subscriptions, government charges and membership expenses, offset by an increase in legal and professional fees. 

Other income (expense), net 

Other income (expense), net
was 2,513,875 and (100,711) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was attributable to no
amortization of deferred financing cost on commitment shares issued for capital funding and gain on disposal of subsidiaries of 2,513,875
incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Income Tax Expense 

No income tax expense incurred
during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Net loss 

As a result of the above,
we reported net income (loss) of 2,497,787 for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 310,472 for the three months
ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net loss was mainly attributable to the decrease of G A expenses and recorded gain
on disposal of subsidiaries as mentioned above. 

33 

Comparison of the six months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table sets forth
certain operational data for the periods indicated: 

Six months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue, net 
 38,423 
 31,923 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (23,053 
 (19,154 
 
 Gross profit 
 15,370 
 12,769 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 
 (66,000 
 (76,281 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 (66,000 
 (3,428 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (61,222 
 (182,558 
 
 Loss from operation 
 (177,852 
 (249,498 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 2,513,987 
 (201,334 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 2,336,135 
 (450,832 
 
 Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) 
 2,336,135 
 (450,832 

Revenue 

During the six months ended
September 30, 2024, the following customer accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenue: 

Six
 months ended 
September 30, 2024 

September
 30, 
2024 

Customer 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
 of revenues 

Accounts 
 receivable 

Marvel Digital Group Limited 

38,423 

100 

During the six months ended
September 30, 2023, the following customer accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenue: 

Six
 months ended 
September 30, 2023 

September
 30, 
2023 

Customer 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
 of revenues 

Accounts 
 receivable 

Marvel Digital Group Limited 

31,923 

100 

42,492 

34 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue for the six
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was 23,053 and 19,154, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to one more month
of outsourced costs which was incurred for the six months ended September 30, 2024. 

Gross Profit 

We achieved a gross profit
of 15,370 and 12,769 for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in gross profit was attributable
to an relative growth in the revenue from technical consultancy services. 

Research and Development Expenses R D 

Research and development expenses
were 66,000 and 76,281 for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in expenses was attributable
to the decrease in R D activity associated with our smart chargers, power banks and IoT products development. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses
were 66,000 and 3,428 for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The expenses primarily include consulting
fees. The increase in expenses was primarily attributable to the increase in consulting fees. 

General and Administrative Expenses G A 

General and administrative
expenses were 61,222 and 182,558 for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These expenses primarily include
consulting fees, personnel related expenses, as well as costs incurred on other professional fees incurred in connection with general
operations of the Company. The G A expenses decreased by approximately 121,336 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 from 182,558
in the six months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the decrease in accounting fees, dues subscriptions,
government charges and membership expenses, offset by an increase in legal and professional fees. 

Other income (expense), net 

Other income (expense), net
was 2,513,987 and (201,334) for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was attributable to no
amortization of deferred financing cost on commitment shares issued for capital funding and gain on disposal of subsidiaries of 2,513,875
incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Income Tax Expense 

No income tax expense incurred
during the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Net loss 

As a result of the above,
we reported net income (loss) of 2,336,135 for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 450,832 for the six months ended
September 30, 2023. The increase in net income (loss) was mainly attributable to the decrease in G A expenses and recorded gain
on disposal of subsidiaries as mentioned above. 

35 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes
the key components of our cash flows for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Six months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (75,625 
 (216,032 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (4,195 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 91,919 
 216,602 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

For the six months ended September
30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 75,625, which consisted primarily of a net income of 2,336,135, an decrease in accrued
liabilities and other payables of 8,680, an increase in account payables of 402, an increase in accrued consulting and service fee of
99,000, a decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 7,842, plus non-cash items such as, depreciation of 1,297, amortization
of 2,254 and gain on disposal of subsidiaries of 2,513,875. 

For the six months ended September
30, 2023, net cash used operating activities was 216,032, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 450,832, an increase in account
receivables of 23,414, a decrease in accrued liabilities and other payables of 64,325, and a decrease of lease liabilities of 20,686,
offset by, a decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 7,873, an increase of accounts payable of 110,272, plus non-cash
items such as, depreciation of 20,962, amortization of 2,247, non-cash lease expenses of 621, and amortization of deferred financing
cost of 201,250. 

We expect to continue to rely
on cash generated through financing from our existing shareholders and private placements of our securities to finance our operations
and future acquisitions. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

For the six months ended
September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 4,195, which consisted of cash outflow from disposal of subsidiaries. 

For the six months ended
September 30, 2023, no net cash was generated from investing activities. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

For the six months ended September
30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was 91,919, which consisted of advances from related parties and accrued consulting
expenses incurred. 

For the six months ended September
30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 216,602, which consisted of advances from related parties. 

Going Concern 

Our continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. Our sources of capital
may include the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions, capital leases and short-term and
long-term debts. While we believe that we will obtain external financing and the existing shareholders will continue to provide the additional
cash to meet our obligations as they become due, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise such additional capital resources
on satisfactory terms. The Company incurred a recurring loss from prior years and suffered from an accumulated deficit of 7,055,335 at
September 30, 2024. The continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving profitability and obtaining the continued financial
support from the stockholders and external financing to provide the additional cash to meet the Company s obligations as they become
due. Whilst management believes that external financing can be obtained, there can be no assurance on the success of raising such additional
capital resources on terms satisfactory to the Company. 

36 

Material Cash Requirements

We have not achieved profitability
since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We expect net cash expended in 2024 to
be significantly higher than 2023. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 7,055,335. Our material cash requirements
are highly dependent upon the additional financial support from our major shareholders in the next 12 - 18 months. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We are not party to any off-balance
sheet transactions. We have no guarantees or obligations other than those which arise out of normal business operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described in this note
and elsewhere in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes. 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

In accordance with the provisions
of ASC Topic 360, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , all long-lived assets such as property and equipment owned and held
by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is evaluated by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to its
estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment
to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amounts of the assets exceed the fair value of the assets. There has
been no impairment charge for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company adopted Accounting
Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASU 2014-09 using
the full retrospective transition method. The Company s adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the amount and
timing of revenue recognized in its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Under ASU 2014-09, the Company
recognizes revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration
the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 

The Company applies the following
five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements: 

identify the contract with a customer; 

identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine the transaction price; 

allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

37 

For sale of goods, revenue
is recognized from the sale of products upon delivery to the customers at a point in time, when the title and risk of loss are fully transferred
to the customers. 

The Company s services
revenue is derived from performing the research and development and technology development for the customers under fixed-price contracts.
Revenue is recognized at a point in time upon completion of the service. 

Costs incurred in connection
with sales of goods, are included in cost of revenue which consist primarily of costs associated with the goods sold. 

Costs incurred in connection
with the research and development, are included in cost of revenue. Product development costs charged to billable projects are recorded
as cost of revenue, which consist primarily of costs associated with personnel, supplies and materials. 

Costs incurred in connection
with the technology service agreement, are included in cost of revenue which consist primarily of costs associated with labor cost. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

From time to time, new accounting
pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted
by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued
standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

The Company has reviewed all
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may not be
expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

ITEM
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 4. Controls and
Procedures . 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined
under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), under the supervision of and with
the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Under the direction of our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting and concluded that they were not effective as of September 30, 2024. Management has mitigated this risk by the engagement of
an external consultant to ascertain compliance with the regulatory reporting requirements. 

However,
it should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future
events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions,
regardless of how remote. 

38 

Management s Annual Report On Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management, under the supervision
and with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on that evaluation,
our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2024, as a result of
the following material weaknesses: 

Because of the Company s limited resources, there are limited controls over information processing. 

where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation, we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently, it is not feasible to hire additional staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether improvement in segregation of duty is feasible. 

There is a lack of formal policies and procedures necessary to adequately review significant accounting transactions. The Company utilizes a third-party independent contractor for the preparation of its financial statements. Although the financial statements and footnotes are reviewed by our management, we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting transactions and the accounting treatment of such transactions. The third-party independent contractor is not involved in the day to day operations of the Company and may not be provided information from management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration of certain transactions. 

Our management will continue
to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on
an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and
as funds allow. Management has mitigated this risk by the engagement of an external consultant. 

Inherent Limitations 

Because of its inherent limitations,
our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect misstatements. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
have been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Securities
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 that occurred in the period ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

39 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. legal proceedings . 

We are not a party to any
legal or administrative proceedings that we believe, individually or in the aggregate, would be likely to have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 1A. Risk factors . 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds . 

None. 

ITEM 3. Defaults upon
Senior securities . 

None. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety disclosures . 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. other information . 

During the quarter ended September
30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

40 

ITEM 6. Exhibits . 

Exhibit No. 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate evidencing shares of Common Stock (3) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (1) 
 
 5 
 
 Opinion of Ravenscroft Schmierer (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated December 15, 2021, by and among King Resources, Inc., Powertech Management Limited, a British Virgin Island corporation, FU Wah and Silver Bloom Properties Limited (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 King Resources, Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (5) 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 
 
 _______________________ 

Filed herewith 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 16, 2024. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2024. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

ONESOLUTION TECHNOLOGY INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Wong Nga Yin Polin 

Name: Wong Nga Yin Polin 

Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 
 Secretary and Director 

Date: November 12, 2024 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 onesolution_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

ONESOLUTION TECHNOLOGY
INC. 
CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)
OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wong Nga Yin Polin,
certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of OneSolution Technology Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and board of directors: 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Wong Nga Yin Polin 
 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 Wong Nga Yin Polin 
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 onesolution_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Wong Nga Yin Polin, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of OneSolution Technology Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of OneSolution
Technology Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of OneSolution Technology Inc. 

/s/ Wong Nga Yin Polin 

Wong Nga Yin Polin 

Title: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 
 Secretary and Director 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 krfg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 krfg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 krfg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 krfg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

