<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1819516_0001819516-24-000066.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9696515</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>188033</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1880271</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3145413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2334205</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1979260</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001819516-24-000066.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107081226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001819516-24-000066
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wheels Up Experience Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819516
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, NONSCHEDULED [4522]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				981617611
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39541
		FILM NUMBER:		241433312

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2135 AMERICAN WAY
		CITY:			CHAMBLEE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30341
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-855-359-8760

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2135 AMERICAN WAY
		CITY:			CHAMBLEE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30341

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aspirational Consumer Lifestyle Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200729

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001819516-24-000066.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 up-20240930.htm
 10-Q

up-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________ 
 [Mark One] 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 4, 2024, shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 PART II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 62 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 62 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 63 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 63 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 63 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 63 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 64 
 Signatures 
 65 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report of Wheels Up Experience Inc. Wheels Up , or we , us , our or the Company ), contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside of the control of Wheels Up that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: (i) the impact of Wheels Up s cost reduction efforts and measures intended to increase Wheels Up s operational efficiency on its business and results of operations, including the timing and magnitude of such expected actions and any associated expenses in relation to liquidity levels and working capital needs; (ii) Wheels Up s fleet modernization strategy and its ability to execute such strategy, as well as the expected operational and financial impacts to Wheels Up from implementing such strategy on the timeline that it currently anticipates; (iii) the degree of market acceptance and adoption of Wheels Up s products and services, including the changes to our member programs and charter offerings announced in June 2024 and any additional new or revised products introduced by Wheels Up; (iv) the size, demands, competition in and growth potential of the markets for Wheels Up s products and services and Wheels Up s ability to serve and compete in those markets; (v) Wheels Up s liquidity, future cash flows and certain restrictions related to its indebtedness obligations, and its ability to perform under its contractual and indebtedness obligations; (vi) Wheels Up s ability to achieve positive Adjusted EBITDA (as defined herein) in the future pursuant to the most recent schedule that it has announced; (vii) Wheels Up s ability to consummate the closing of pending acquisitions and sales of aircraft and assets on the schedule that it currently anticipates or at all, and the expected benefits or impacts to Wheels Up from such pending transactions and the operation of any aircraft or assets following the closing of such transactions; (viii) Wheels Up s ability to consummate the initial closing of the Revolving Equipment Note Facility (as defined herein) on the terms and timeline that it currently anticipates, and the expected benefits or impacts to Wheels Up from such financing, including the expected terms of the Revolving Equipment Note Facility, the ability to use net proceeds from the Revolving Equipment Note Facility to consummate any pending aircraft and asset acquisitions, the refinancing of the Equipment Notes (as defined herein), the potential receipt and expected use of any remaining net proceeds from the initial closing under the Revolving Equipment Note Facility (including the potential future acquisition of aircraft using such net proceeds, assumptions about the consummation of aircraft sales currently under contract and other factors that may impact the amount of remaining net proceeds from such initial closing) and the ability of the Company to reborrow under the Revolving Equipment Note Facility in the future; and (ix) the impacts of general economic and geopolitical conditions on Wheels Up s business and the aviation industry, including due to fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, foreign currencies, consumer and business spending decisions, and general levels of economic activity. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, strive, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that statement is not forward-looking. We have identified certain known material risk factors applicable to Wheels Up in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 Annual Report under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors, in this Quarterly Report under Part I, Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Moreover, it is not always possible for us to predict how new risks and uncertainties that arise from time to time may affect us. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 WHEELS UP EXPERIENCE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited, in thousands, except share data) 
 
 September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Parts and supplies inventories, net Aircraft held for sale Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue, current Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Total mezzanine equity Equity: Common Stock, par value; authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 
 1 

Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Wheels Up Experience Inc. stockholders equity ) Non-controlling interests Total equity ) Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

WHEELS UP EXPERIENCE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited, in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of items shown separately below) Technology and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Depreciation and amortization (Gain) loss on sale of aircraft held for sale ) ) ) ) Impairment of goodwill Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) Gain (loss) on divestiture ) ) Gain (loss) on disposal of assets, net ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to Wheels Up Experience Inc. ) ) ) ) Net loss per share of Common Stock (Note 18) Basic and diluted Weighted-average shares of Common Stock outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

WHEELS UP EXPERIENCE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Unaudited, in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to Wheels Up Experience Inc. ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

WHEELS UP EXPERIENCE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited, in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Treasury stock Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Shares Amount Non-controlling interests Total Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Shares withheld for employee taxes on vested equity awards ) ) Issuance of Common Stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Reclassification of equity awards Shares withheld for employee taxes on vested equity awards ) ) Issuance of Common Stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Shares withheld for employee taxes on vested equity awards ) ) Issuance of Common Stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

WHEELS UP EXPERIENCE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited, in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Treasury stock Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Shares Amount Non-controlling interests Total Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Change in non-controlling interests allocation ) Issuance of Common Stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of March 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Change in non-controlling interests allocation ) Reclassification of equity awards Issuance of Common Stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Reverse stock split fractional shares ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Change in non-controlling interests allocation ) Issuance of Common Stock and Deferred Shares in connection with debt issuance Shares withheld for employee taxes on vested equity awards ) ) Issuance of Common Stock upon settlement of restricted stock units Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

WHEELS UP EXPERIENCE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited, in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Equity-based compensation Payment in kind interest Amortization (accretion) of deferred financing costs and debt discount 
 ) Gain on sale of aircraft held for sale ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Impairment of goodwill Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Parts and supplies inventories Prepaid expenses ) Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other assets and liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of aircraft held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of aircraft held for sale, net Proceeds from sale of divested business, net Capitalized software development costs ) ) Other Net cash provided by investing activities 
 Cash flows from financing activities Purchase shares for treasury ) Purchase of fractional shares ) Proceeds from notes payable Repayment of notes payable ) Proceeds from long-term debt, net Payment of debt issuance costs in connection with debt ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

WHEELS UP EXPERIENCE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 1. 
 par value per share Common Stock ), at a reverse stock split ratio of 1-for-10 (the Reverse Stock Split ). Accordingly, the presentation of all periods covered by the condensed consolidated financial statements contained herein have been adjusted to give retroactive effect to the Reverse Stock Split, as applicable, including adjustments to per share net loss and other per share of Common Stock amounts. 
 8 

9 

2. 
 Aircraft management (1) 
 Other Services transferred over time: Memberships Aircraft management (1) 
 Other Total Revenue 
 
 (1) On September 30, 2023, we completed the sale of the aircraft management business. See Note 4 . 
 
 Contract Balances 
 Undeposited funds Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Memberships - annual dues Memberships - initiation fees Flights - credits Other Deferred revenue - total Less: Deferred revenue - current ) ) Deferred revenue - non-current 
 10 

Amounts deferred during the period Revenue recognized from amounts included in the deferred revenue beginning balance ) Revenue from current period sales ) Deferred revenue as of September 30, 2024 
 
 2025 2026 2027 Total Deferred revenue 
 
 Costs to Obtain a Contract 
 Capitalized costs related to sales commissions and referral fees were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively, were included in Other current assets, and million and million, respectively, were included in Other non-current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense related to capitalized sales commissions and referral fees included in sales and marketing expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 11 

3. 
 Software development costs Leasehold improvements Computer equipment Buildings and improvements Furniture and fixtures Tooling Vehicles Total Property and equipment 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense, excluding amortization expense related to software development costs, was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

4. 
 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Circadian Aviation LLC, our indirect subsidiary Circadian ). The Divestiture Closing Date fair value of the aggregate consideration transferred was million and the Company recognized a loss on the sale of million. The million was comprised of million of cash received on the Divestiture Closing Date, contingent consideration with a fair value of million, an escrow receivable of million and a non-contingent consideration receivable of million. The fair value of the contingent consideration was deemed to be the approximate contract value as of the Divestiture Closing Date. 
 Circadian was released from all guarantor obligations with respect to the Equipment Notes (as defined in Note 7 on the Divestiture Closing Date pursuant to certain debt release letters entered into concurrently with the Equity Purchase Agreement. 
 Concurrently with entering into the Equity Purchase Agreement: (i) WUP entered into a transition services agreement with Circadian, pursuant to which WUP will provide Circadian certain specified services on a temporary basis; (ii) Wheels Up Partners LLC, our indirect subsidiary WUP LLC ), entered into a master operating agreement with Circadian, pursuant to which Circadian will conduct certain on-demand charter operations for certain of WUP LLC s owned aircraft after the Divestiture Closing Date while such aircraft are transitioned from a U.S. Federal Aviation Administration FAA operating certificate held by Circadian to the Company s 
 12 

million upon finalization of the working capital adjustment under the Equity Purchase Agreement, recognized within gain (loss) on divestiture in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

5. 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, WUP Legacy had negative net assets (stockholders equity). 
 (2) Net of accumulated impairment losses of million, all of which was recognized on the goodwill attributable to WUP Legacy. 

Intangible Assets 
 Customer relationships Trade name Developed technology Leasehold interest - favorable Foreign currency translation adjustment Total 
 13 

Customer relationships Trade name Developed technology Leasehold interest - favorable Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Total 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Intangible Liabilities 
 Associated with our acquisition of Delta Private Jets on January 17, 2020, we recognized intangible liabilities for the fair value of complimentary Wheels Up Connect Memberships provided to existing Delta SkyMiles 360 customers as of the acquisition date, as required under the Commercial Cooperation Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2020, by and among WUP, WUP LLC and Delta (as amended, the Original CCA ), which was subsequently replaced by the Amended and Restated Commercial Cooperation Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2024, by and among WUP, WUP LLC and Delta (the Amended CCA ). 
 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Intangible liabilities 
 Amortization of Intangible liabilities, which reduces amortization expense, was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 14 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and Thereafter 
 Total 

6. 
 Restricted cash Total 
 Cash Equivalents 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, cash equivalents on the condensed consolidated balance sheets were million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Cash 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Restricted cash included million (as of each such date) held by financial institutions to establish standby letters of credit required by the lessors of certain corporate office space that we leased as of such dates, and million and million, respectively, held by financial institutions to collateralize against our credit card programs. The standby letters of credit expire on December 31, 2033 and June 30, 2034. The Restricted cash balances as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 also included million and million, respectively, related to funds held but unavailable for immediate use due to contractual restrictions. Restricted cash is presented within Other non-current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 15 

7. 
 Term Loan Total debt Less: Total unamortized deferred financing costs and debt discount Less: Current maturities of long-term debt Long-term debt, net 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 2022-1 Equipment Notes 
 On October 14, 2022, WUP LLC issued million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate equipment notes (collectively, the Equipment Notes using an EETC (enhanced equipment trust certificate) loan structure. The Equipment Notes were issued for net proceeds (before transaction-related expense) of million. The stated final expected distribution date of the Equipment Notes varies from July 15, 2025 to October 15, 2029 depending on the type of aircraft, subject to certain prepayment requirements under the Omnibus Amendment (as defined below) and WUP LLC s ability to redeem Equipment Notes prior to maturity. The Equipment Notes bear interest at the rate of per annum with annual amortization of the principal amount equal to per annum and balloon payments due at each maturity date. The Equipment Notes were initially secured by first-priority liens on of the Company s owned aircraft fleet and by liens on certain intellectual property assets of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Equipment Note Collateral ). WUP LLC s obligations under the Equipment Notes are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. 
 The Equipment Notes were sold pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2022 (the Note Purchase Agreement ), and issued under separate Trust Indentures and Mortgages, dated as of October 14, 2022 (each, an Indenture and collectively, the Indentures ). On September 20, 2023, the Company, WUP LLC, certain other subsidiaries of the Company that guaranteed and/or granted collateral to secure WUP LLC s obligations under the Equipment Notes, Wilmington Trust, National Association, and the Equipment Note lenders entered into the Omnibus Amendment No. 1 (the Omnibus Amendment ). The Omnibus Amendment provides for, among other things: (i) reducing the minimum liquidity covenant under the guarantee agreement related to the Equipment Notes (as amended, the Guarantee with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries from million of minimum aggregate available cash and Cash Equivalents (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) as of the end of each fiscal quarter to million on any date, inclusive of million held as a deposit for the benefit of the Equipment Note lenders and presented in Other non-current assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (the Equipment Notes 
 16 

days prior to the maturity of the Term Loan. 
 The Note Purchase Agreement, the Indentures and the Guarantee, as each was amended by the Omnibus Amendment, contain certain covenants, including the Equipment Note Liquidity Covenant, a covenant that limits the maximum loan to appraised value ratio of all aircraft financed, subject to certain cure rights of the Company, and restrictive covenants that provide limitations under certain circumstances on, among other things: (i) making certain acquisitions, mergers or disposals of its assets; (ii) making certain investments or entering into certain transactions with affiliates; (iii) prepaying, redeeming or repurchasing the Equipment Notes, subject to certain exceptions; and (iv) paying dividends and making certain other specified restricted payments. Each Indenture contains customary events of default for Equipment Notes of this type, including cross-default provisions among the Equipment Notes and the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility (as each term is defined below). WUP LLC s obligations under the Equipment Notes are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. WUP LLC is also obligated to cause additional subsidiaries and affiliates of WUP LLC to become guarantors under certain circumstances. The Equipment Notes issued with respect to each aircraft are cross-collateralized by the other aircraft for which Equipment Notes were issued under the Indentures. The maturity of the Equipment Notes may be accelerated upon the occurrence of certain events of default under the Note Purchase Agreement and each Indenture and the related guarantees. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants under the Note Purchase Agreement, each Indenture and the Guarantee. 
 Interest and principal payments on the Equipment Notes began on January 15, 2023 and are payable quarterly on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company redeemed in-full the Equipment Notes for aircraft, which reduced the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Equipment Notes by million. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the aircraft that were subject to first-priority liens under the Equipment Notes was million. Amortization expense for debt discounts and deferred financing costs of million and million was recorded in interest expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million was recorded in interest expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility 
 On September 20, 2023 (the Credit Agreement Closing Date ), the Company entered into the Credit Agreement (the Original Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors (collectively with the Company, the Loan Parties ), Delta, CK Wheels LLC CK Wheels ), and Cox Investment Holdings, Inc. CIH and collectively with Delta and CK Wheels, the Initial Lenders ), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (as defined below) and as collateral agent for the secured parties (the Agent ), pursuant to which (i) the Initial Lenders provided a term loan facility (the Initial Term Loan in the aggregate original principal amount of million and (ii) Delta provided commitments for a revolving loan facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in the aggregate original principal amount of million. On September 20, 2023, the Company issued the Initial Term Loan of million to the Initial Lenders for net proceeds (before transaction-related expense) of million. 
 On November 15, 2023 (the Final Closing Date ), the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement Amendment and together with the Original Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, as borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, as guarantors, the Initial Lenders, each of Whitebox Multi-Strategy Partners, LP, Whitebox Relative Value Partners, LP, Pandora Select Partners, LP, Whitebox GT Fund, LP and Kore Fund Ltd (collectively, the Incremental Term Lenders and together with the Initial Lenders, the Lenders ), and the Agent, pursuant to which, among other things, the Incremental Term Lenders joined the Credit Agreement and provided an additional term loan facility (the Incremental Term Loan and together with the Initial Term Loan, the Term Loan in the aggregate original 
 17 

million. On the Final Closing Date, the Company issued the Incremental Term Loan of million to the Incremental Term Lenders for net proceeds (before transaction-related expense) of million. Upon the closing of the Incremental Term Loan, the loans under the Credit Agreement consisted of (i) the Term Loan in the aggregate principal amount of million and (ii) the Revolving Credit Facility in the aggregate original principal amount of million. 
 The scheduled maturity date for the Term Loan is September 20, 2028, and the scheduled maturity date for the Revolving Credit Facility is the earlier of September 20, 2028 and the first date after September 20, 2025 on which all amounts owed with respect to borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility have been repaid, subject in each case to earlier termination upon acceleration or termination of any obligations upon the occurrence and continuation of an event of default. Interest on the Term Loan and any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility (each, a Loan and collectively, the Loans accrues at a rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance of the Loans then outstanding. Accrued interest on each Loan is payable in kind as compounded interest and capitalized to the principal amount of the applicable Loan on the last day of each of March, June, September and December, and the applicable maturity date. If in the future the Company or its subsidiaries either redeem in full the outstanding Equipment Notes or commence payoff at maturity thereof, the Company may elect to make interest payments (or some portion thereof) on any Loans then outstanding in cash. Also, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the Credit Agreement, (i) interest will accrue on the unpaid principal balance of the Loans at the rate then applicable to such Loans plus and (ii) interest will accrue on all other outstanding liabilities, interest, expenses, fees and other sums under the Credit Agreement, at a rate equal to the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus per annum. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains certain covenants and events of default, in each case customary for transactions of this type. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first-priority lien on unencumbered assets of the Loan Parties (excluding certain accounts, including any segregated account exclusively holding customer deposits, and other assets specified in the Credit Agreement), as well as a junior lien on the Equipment Note Collateral. The Credit Agreement is guaranteed by all U.S. and certain non-U.S. direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company. In the future, the Company may be required to add any new or after-acquired subsidiaries of the Company that meet certain criteria as guarantors. As of September 30, 2024 , we were in compliance with the covenants under the Credit Agreement and related credit documents. 
 In connection with the funding of the Initial Term Loan, the Company entered into the Investment and Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of the Credit Agreement Closing Date (the Original Investor Rights Agreement ), by and among the Company and the Initial Lenders. Pursuant to the Original Investor Rights Agreement, the Company issued to the Initial Lenders shares in the aggregate (the Initial Shares of Common Stock in a private placement (the Initial Issuance on the Credit Agreement Closing Date. In addition, the Company agreed to issue an additional shares in the aggregate (the Deferred Shares and, together with the Initial Shares, the Investor Shares of Common Stock (the Deferred Issuance and together with the Initial Issuance, the Investor Issuances ). 
 On November 9, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved, at a special meeting of the Company s stockholders (the 2023 Special Meeting ), the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Wheels Up, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November 15, 2023 (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation , which , among other things, increased the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance thereunder. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement Amendment, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to Investment and Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of the Final Closing Date (the Investor Rights Agreement Amendment and together with the Original Investor Rights Agreement and any subsequent amendments, modifications and supplements thereto, the Investor Rights Agreement ), with each Initial Lender, which contained, among others, certain revisions to reflect the issuance of the Deferred Shares. Substantially concurrently with entering into the Investor Rights Agreement Amendment, on the Final Closing Date, the Company and Initial Lenders entered into joinders to the Investor Rights Agreement (collectively, the Investor Rights Agreement Joinders with each Incremental Term Lender (or its applicable affiliate), pursuant to which each Incremental Term Lender (or its applicable affiliate) joined the Investor Rights Agreement and assumed the rights and obligations of an Additional Investor (as defined in the Investor Rights Agreement) thereunder, including the right to receive a pro rata portion of the Investor Shares. The Company issued 
 18 

million for the Initial Term Loan, million for the Initial Issuance and million for the Deferred Issuance, in each case during the year ended December 31, 2023. In accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, the Company determined the reallocation of the Deferred Issuance between the Lenders in connection with the Credit Agreement Amendment and Investor Rights Agreement Joinders that resulted in a pro rata portion of the Investor Shares being issued to the Incremental Term Lenders on the Final Closing Date represented a modification of a freestanding equity-classified written call option and the modification is to be recognized as if cash had been paid as consideration for the shares of Common Stock issued to the Incremental Term Lenders (collectively, the Reallocated Shares ). Accordingly, the Reallocated Shares were treated as a debt discount in accordance with the guidance in ASC 835, Interest, and the value of the Incremental Term Loan and the Reallocated Shares was apportioned using a relative fair value allocation. The allocation on a fair value basis resulted in gross amounts recorded of million for the Incremental Term Loan and million for the Reallocated Shares during the three months ended December 31, 2023. 
 Aggregate issuance costs of million were incurred in connection with the Original Credit Agreement, Credit Agreement Amendment, Original Investor Rights Agreement and Investor Rights Agreement Amendment. The deferred issuance costs were allocated on a relative fair value basis, resulting in an allocation of million in the aggregate for the Term Loan and million in the aggregate for the Investor Issuances. The initial carrying value of the Term Loan was million as of September 20, 2023, which reflected the million of unamortized debt issuance costs and million of unamortized debt discount. The initial carrying value of the Incremental Term Loan was million as of November 15, 2023, which reflected million of unamortized debt issuance costs and million of unamortized debt discount. 
 Accretion of debt discounts and deferred issuance costs associated with the Term Loan of ) million and ) million were recorded in Interest expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 19 

Total assets Liabilities: Warrant liability - Public Warrants Warrant liability - Private Warrants Equipment Notes Term Loan 
 Total liabilities December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value Assets: Money market funds Total assets Liabilities: Warrant liability - Public Warrants Warrant liability - Private Warrants Equipment Notes Term Loan Total liabilities 
 The carrying amount of Money market funds approximates fair value and is classified within Level 1, because we determined the fair value through quoted market prices. 
 The Warrants (as defined below) were accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 815-40. The Warrant liability was measured at fair value upon assumption and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we used Level 2 inputs for the Warrants. See Note 11 for additional information about the Warrants. 
 20 

Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) ) Fair value as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The estimated fair value of the Equipment Notes is categorized as a Level 3 valuation. We considered the appraised value of aircraft subject to first-priority liens under the Equipment Notes, which were obtained during the third quarter of 2024 as required under the Note Purchase Agreement, to determine the fair value of the Equipment Notes as of September 30, 2024. 

9. 
 Short-term lease costs Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 Sublease income was not material for any of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Lease costs related to leased aircraft and operational facilities are included in Cost of revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Lease costs related to our leased corporate headquarters and other office space, including expenses for non-lease components, are allocated within the condensed consolidated statements of operations based on employee headcount. Sublease income is presented in General and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 21 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and Thereafter 
 Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total lease obligations 

10. 
 shares, consisting of (i) shares of Common Stock and (ii) shares of preferred stock. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote per share; provided, that by agreement (i) certain Incremental Term Lenders that are not citizens of the United States (as defined in 49 USC 40102(a)(15)(C)) (collectively, the Non-Citizen Investors ), may be afforded collective voting rights equal to of all shares of Common Stock entitled to vote at a meeting of the Company s stockholders; (ii) for so long as such Non-Citizen Investors collectively hold such shares of Common Stock, the shares of Common Stock held by CK Wheels in excess of of all shares of Common stock entitled to vote at a meeting of the Company s stockholders, will not have voting rights (subject to ratable adjustment if the Non-Citizen Investors cease to own (beneficially or of record) a certain number of shares of Common Stock); and (iii) any shares owned by Delta above will be neutral shares with respect to voting rights, will be voted in proportion to all other votes cast for , against or abstain by stockholders other than Delta at a meeting of the Company s stockholders. 
 22 

equity-based compensation plans that were approved by the board of directors of WUP (collectively, the WUP Management Incentive Plan prior to the business combination consummated on July 13, 2021 (the Business Combination Closing Date between WUP and Aspirational Consumer Lifestyle Corp. Aspirational ), a blank check company (the Business Combination ), and the Wheels Up Partners Holdings LLC Option Plan (the WUP Option Plan ), which was approved by the board of directors of WUP prior to the Business Combination. Additional details about these equity-based compensation arrangements are below. 
 WUP Management Incentive Plan 
 In March 2014, the WUP Management Incentive Plan was established, which provided for the issuance of WUP profits interests, restricted or unrestricted, to employees, consultants and other qualified persons. Following the consummation of the Business Combination, no new grants can be made under the WUP Management Incentive Plan. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of million WUP profits interests have been authorized and issued under the WUP Management Incentive Plan. Vested WUP profits interests are eligible to be exchanged into shares of Common Stock before July 13, 2031. Amounts of WUP profits interests reported in the tables below represent the maximum number of WUP profits interests outstanding or that could be realized upon vesting and immediately exchanged for the maximum number of shares of Common Stock. The actual number of shares of Common Stock received upon exchange of such WUP profits interests will depend on the trading price per share of Common Stock at the time of such exchange. 
 Granted Exchanged Expired/forfeited Outstanding WUP profits interests as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The weighted-average remaining contractual term as of September 30, 2024, for WUP profits interests outstanding was approximately years. All WUP profits interests were vested as of December 31, 2023. 
 WUP Option Plan 
 In December 2016, the WUP Option Plan was established, which provided for the issuance of stock options to purchase WUP common interests at an exercise price based on the fair market value of the interests on the date of grant. Generally, WUP stock options granted vest over a service period and expire on the ten th anniversary of the grant date. As of September 30, 2024, the number of WUP stock options authorized and issued in the 
 23 

million. Each outstanding WUP stock option is exercisable for share of Common Stock. 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Expired Outstanding WUP stock options as of September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable WUP stock options as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value as of September 30, 2024, for WUP stock options that were outstanding and exercisable was . The weighted-average remaining contractual term as of September 30, 2024, for WUP stock options that were outstanding and exercisable was approximately years. All WUP stock options were vested as of December 31, 2023. 
 Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP 2022 Inducement Grant Plan 
 In connection with the Business Combination, the Wheels Up Board of Directors (the Board and stockholders of Wheels Up adopted the Wheels Up Experience Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Original 2021 LTIP ), for employees, consultants and other qualified persons. Following approval by the Board, (i) at the 2023 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders, the Company s stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP to increase the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for awards made thereunder by shares and amend certain other plan provisions, and (ii) at the 2024 annual meeting of the Company s stockholders (the 2024 Annual Meeting ), the Company s stockholders approved Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP (the LTIP Amendment ), to increase the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for awards made under the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP by shares and extend the termination date of such plan to April 15, 2034. The Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP provides for the grant of incentive options, nonstatutory options, restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), including performance-based RSUs PSUs ), rights, other stock-based awards, performance awards, cash awards or any combination of the foregoing. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of million shares were authorized for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP. 
 On June 30, 2022, the Board adopted the 2022 Inducement Grant Plan to be used for a one-time employment inducement grant, pursuant to NYSE Rule 303A.08, for our former Chief Financial Officer, in connection with his appointment as Chief Financial Officer. The maximum number of awards that could be granted under the 2022 Inducement Grant Plan were shares of Common Stock, which were all granted in the form of RSUs to our former Chief Financial Officer on July 1, 2022. RSU awards granted under the 2022 Inducement Grant Plan contained generally the same terms as other awards granted under the Original 2021 LTIP during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Due to such similarities, the RSUs granted under the 2022 Inducement Grant Plan are consolidated in the discussion of RSUs below. Upon the departure of our former Chief Financial Officer from the Company on September 6, 2024, the 2022 Inducement Grant Plan terminated and all unvested RSUs thereunder were forfeited. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs granted under the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP generally vest at intervals up to a service period, subject to the grantee s continued service to the Company through the applicable vesting date. 
 24 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested RSUs as of September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) The number of non-vested RSUs as of January 1, 2024, the number of forfeited RSUs and the related weighted-average grant date fair values include RSUs granted under the 2022 Inducement Grant Plan in July 2022, which were forfeited on September 6, 2024. 
 
 The total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs was million as of September 30, 2024 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 Under the terms of the PSUs granted to certain employees under the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP, upon the achievement of certain pre-determined performance objectives, each PSU may settle into shares of our Common Stock. The PSUs will vest, if at all, upon the actual achievement of the related performance objectives, subject to specified change of control exceptions and the grantee s continued service to the Company through the applicable vesting date. 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Non-vested PSUs as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Compensation expense associated with PSUs is recognized over the vesting period of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest when the achievement of the related performance objectives becomes probable. As of September 30, 2024, the achievement of the performance objectives associated with certain non-vested PSUs was deemed not probable of being achieved and no expense has been recognized associated with those awards. The total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested PSUs deemed probable of being achieved was million as of September 30, 2024 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 25 

service period and expire on the tenth anniversary of the grant date. 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Outstanding Wheels Up stock options as of September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable Wheels Up stock options as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value as of September 30, 2024, for Wheels Up stock options that were outstanding and exercisable was . The weighted-average remaining contractual term as of September 30, 2024, for Wheels Up stock options that were outstanding and exercisable was approximately years. 
 Executive Performance Awards 
 The Compensation Committee of the Board approved the CEO Performance Award granted to George Mattson, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, CFO Performance Award granted to Todd Smith, our former Chief Financial Officer, and CCO Performance Award granted to David Harvey, the Company s Chief Commercial Officer, on November 30, 2023, March 3, 2024 and May 20, 2024, respectively. Except as set forth in Section III.A of the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP, the Executive Performance Awards incorporate the terms of the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP, as it may be amended from time-to-time. Each Executive Performance Award is intended to constitute a standalone equity incentive plan and any shares of Common Stock issued under such awards will not be issued under, or count against the number of shares of Common Stock reserved pursuant to, any of the Company s other equity-based compensation plans or awards. Upon the departure of our former Chief Financial Officer from the Company on September 6, 2024, the CFO Performance Award was effectively terminated and any right to receive shares of Common Stock or cash payments thereunder in the future was forfeited. No shares of Common Stock had been issued or cash payments made to our former Chief Financial Officer under the CFO Performance Award through such date. In addition, all compensation expense associated with the CFO Performance Award was reversed during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The issuance of any shares under the Executive Performance Awards upon vesting is contingent upon receipt of the approval of each award by the Company s stockholders. At the 2024 Annual Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the CEO Performance Award and the potential issuance of up to million shares of Common Stock thereunder, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable performance- and service-based vesting conditions under such award, if at all. The Company currently intends to obtain approval of the CCO Performance Award by the Company s stockholders at a future meeting of the Company s stockholders or by written consent of the Company s stockholders. If on any Determination Date (as defined below) there is not a sufficient amount of shares authorized by the Company's stockholders to deliver the number of shares due under the Executive Performance Awards or any such Executive Performance Award has not been approved by the Company s stockholders, then upon vesting, if at all, any amounts payable under any such Executive Performance Award will not be paid in the form of the issuance of new shares of Common Stock and instead will be payable in cash. 
 The Executive Performance Awards are one-time performance awards granted to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Commercial Officer in lieu of future annual equity compensation grants and are intended to provide each of them with the opportunity to share in the long-term growth of the value of the Company. The Executive 
 26 

million Term Loan, if at all; and (ii) satisfaction of service-based vesting conditions, which provide that of each Executive Performance Award will be eligible to vest on each of September 20, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, so long as such officer remains employed with the Company as of such dates. A Repayment Event includes certain refinancings of the Term Loan on or before September 20, 2028, the scheduled maturity date of the Term Loan. Subject to the satisfaction of the applicable performance- and service-based vesting conditions described above, the number of shares of Common Stock that may vest and be issued under any Executive Performance Award will first be determined on December 31st of the year in which a Repayment Event occurs, and then on December 31st of each subsequent year (each such date, a Determination Date until December 31, 2028 (the Final Determination Date ). At any Determination Date following a Repayment Event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable under any Executive Performance Award in connection with such Determination Date, if any, will be determined using the then applicable percentage associated with the service-based vesting condition (the Service Vested Percentage ). 
 The number of shares of Common Stock subject to vesting and issuance, if any, under any Executive Performance Award on each Determination Date following a Repayment Event is based on a formula that aligns the number of shares of Common Stock issuable under such Executive Performance Award with the repayment or refinancing of the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility, the then applicable dollar value of the shares of Common Stock issued to the Lenders under the Investor Rights Agreement and the volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock during the trading day period prior to the applicable Determination Date. The number of shares of Common Stock, if any, issuable under the Executive Performance Awards will vary depending on, among other things: (i) the occurrence and timing of a Repayment Event; (ii) the Lenders Total Investor Return (as defined in the Executive Performance Awards) as a multiple of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan and any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility as of the applicable Determination Date, if any; and (iii) the Service Vested Percentage as of the applicable Determination Date. There can be no assurance that the performance- and service-based vesting conditions under the Executive Performance Awards will be satisfied or that the foregoing variables will result in the vesting and issuance of any shares of Common Stock or cash payments pursuant to the Executive Performance Awards. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the performance-based vesting conditions for the outstanding and unvested Executive Performance Awards were not met and shares had vested. As of September 30, 2024, the achievement of the related performance objective was deemed probable of being achieved on September 20, 2028, the scheduled maturity date of the Term Loan. The grant-date fair value of the CCO Performance Award as of May 20, 2024, using a Monte Carlo simulation model, was million. The derived service periods for Executive Performance Awards, which began on the respective grant dates, were: (i) for the CEO Performance Award, years; and (ii) for the CCO Performance Award, years. 
 The total unrecognized compensation cost related to the outstanding and unvested Executive Performance Awards was million as of September 30, 2024 and is expected to be recognized over years. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying amount of the CEO Performance Award was classified as equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheet under Additional paid-in capital; however, since we have not obtained authorization from the Company s stockholders for the issuance of any shares of Common Stock to satisfy settlement of the CCO Performance Award, the carrying amount of such award has been classified as mezzanine equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheet under Contingent performance awards. 
 Fair Value Estimates 
 We estimated fair value to measure compensation cost of the Executive Performance Awards on the date of grant using techniques that are considered to be consistent with the objective of measuring fair value. In selecting the appropriate technique, management considered, among other factors, the nature of the instrument, the market risks that it embodies, and the expected means of settlement. 
 Estimating fair values of the Executive Performance Awards requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external factors. In addition, option-pricing models are highly volatile and sensitive to changes. 
 27 

Volatility Risk-free rate Expected dividend rate 
 (1) Assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation related to the CCO Performance Award, which was granted on May 20, 2024. 
 (2) Assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation related to the CEO Performance Award, which was granted on November 30, 2023. 
 Equity-Based Compensation Expense 
 Compensation expense for WUP profits interests recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Compensation expense for WUP stock options under the WUP Option Plan and Wheels Up stock options under the Amended and Restated 2021 LTIP recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Compensation expense for RSUs and PSUs recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Compensation expense for the Executive Performance Awards recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was million and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Technology and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total equity-based compensation expense 
 Earnout Shares 
 As part of the Business Combination, existing holders of WUP equity, including certain holders of WUP profits interests and restricted interests under the WUP Management Incentive Plan, but excluding holders of WUP stock options, have the right to receive up to million additional shares of Common Stock (the Earnout Shares that will vest, if at all, upon the achievement of separate market conditions. One-third of the Earnout Shares will meet the market conditions when the closing Common Stock price is greater than or equal to for any trading days within a period of consecutive trading days on or before July 13, 2026. An additional one-third will vest when the Common Stock is greater than or equal to over the same measurement period. The final one-third will vest when the Common Stock is greater than or equal to over the same measurement period. 
 28 

million. The derived service period began on the Business Combination Closing Date and had a weighted-average period of years. 
 Based on the Common Stock trading price, the market conditions were not met, and no Earnout Shares vested or were issuable as of September 30, 2024. Compensation expense for Earnout Shares recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations was for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Treasury Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had shares of treasury stock. The increase in treasury stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflects shares of Common Stock withheld to settle employee taxes due upon the vesting of RSUs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not cancel or reissue any shares of Common Stock held as treasury stock. 

11. 
 redeemable public warrants Public Warrants and redeemable private warrants Private Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ). On the Business Combination Closing Date, Wheels Up assumed the Warrants, none of which had been exercised as of September 30, 2024. Each whole Warrant entitles the holder to purchase 1/10th share of Common Stock at a price of per whole share of Common Stock. The Warrants expire on July 13, 2026 or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

12. 
 29 

Number of vested WUP profits interests attributable to non-controlling interests (2) 
 Total WUP common units and vested WUP profits interests outstanding 
 (1) WUP common units represent an equivalent ownership of Common Stock outstanding. 
 WUP common units issuable upon conversion of vested and unvested WUP profits interests outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Weighted-average ownership percentages are used to allocate net loss to Wheels Up and the non-controlling interest holders. The non-controlling interests weighted-average ownership percentage was for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

13. 
 30 

million and million, respectively, the expense for which was included in Accrued expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and in cost of revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as of and for the applicable periods presented. 

14. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, from transactions related to the Original CCA with Delta, which was subsequently replaced by the Amended CCA. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, were included in Accrued expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheets and million and million, respectively, were included in Other non-current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, in each case related to transactions associated with the Original CCA and Amended CCA with Delta. 

15. 
 million of charges associated with the Restructuring Plan during the fourth quarter of 2022 and first quarter of 2023, which primarily consisted of cash and non-cash expenses related to severance payments, employee benefits and equity-based compensation. million of expenses related to the Restructuring Plan, which were incurred and recorded on the condensed consolidated statement of operations, as follows (in thousands): 
 Technology and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total restructuring expenses 

16. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and income tax expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate was ) and ) for the three and nine 
 31 

and ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Our effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 , primarily due to a full valuation allowance against the majority of our net deferred tax assets where it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized and geographical mix of our earnings. 
 We currently expect the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. Accordingly, the Company has not provided for the tax effect, if any, of limited outside basis differences of its foreign subsidiaries. If these foreign earnings are repatriated to the U.S., or if the Company determines that such earnings are repatriated to the U.S., or if the Company determines that such earnings will be remitted in a future period, additional tax provisions may be required. 
 We evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis and establish valuation allowances when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies. As of September 30, 2024, we concluded, based on the weight of all available positive and negative evidence, that it is more likely than not that the majority of our U.S. deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, a valuation allowance has been established on the majority of our net deferred tax assets in the U.S. 
 In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended, the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses or tax credits to offset future taxable income or taxes. As a result of the Initial Issuance, the Company experienced an ownership change during the third quarter of 2023 that will limit the availability of our tax attributes to offset future income. A formal Section 382 analysis is being performed to determine the extent of the limitations. Our net operating losses and tax attributes are currently subject to a full valuation allowance. Accordingly, we do not believe it will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development has issued Pillar Two model rules introducing a new global minimum tax of 15 intended to be effective on January 1, 2024. While the U.S. has not yet adopted the Pillar Two rules, various other governments around the world have implemented the legislation, including jurisdictions in which certain of Wheels Up s subsidiaries operate, and many other jurisdictions are in the process of implementing it. The Company is currently monitoring these developments and is in the process of evaluating the potential impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 Additionally, the Company is subject to the income tax effects associated with the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI provisions and treats the tax effects of GILTI as a current period expense in the period incurred. 
 
 32 

17.) Denominator: Weighted-average shares of Common Stock outstanding - basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per share of Common Stock 
 There were dividends declared or paid during each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share were computed using the two-class method. All issued and outstanding shares of restricted stock are included in the weighted-average shares of Common Stock outstanding for all periods presented. 
 WUP profits interests held by other members of MIP LLC are not subject to the net loss per share calculation until such time the vested WUP profits interests are actually exchanged for shares of Common Stock. 
 The shares of Common Stock issuable under the Executive Performance Awards upon satisfaction of the performance- and service-based vesting conditions, if at all, are not subject to the net loss per share calculation until such time that such shares of Common Stock are actually issued to the applicable grantee. The exact number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Executive Performance Awards will not be readily determinable until the first Determination Date following a Repayment Event and at each successive Determination Date thereafter through the Final Determination Date. There can be no assurance that both the performance- and service-based vesting conditions will be satisfied or that the foregoing variables will result in the vesting and issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any Executive Performance Award (see Note 10 ). 
 Earnout Shares RSUs and PSUs 
 Stock options Total anti-dilutive securities 
 (1) Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase 1/10th of one share of Common Stock at a price of per whole share of Common Stock. 

33 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations MD A should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report and our audited consolidated financial statements included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 Annual Report ). This discussion contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included in this Quarterly Report. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this MD A section to Wheels Up, we, us, our, and the Company are intended to mean the business and operations of Wheels Up Experience Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview of Our Business 
 Wheels Up is a leading provider of on-demand private aviation in the United States U.S. and one of the largest companies in the industry. Wheels Up offers a complete global private aviation solution with a large and diverse aircraft fleet, backed by an uncompromising commitment to safety and service. Our offering is delivered through a mix of our member programs and charter solutions that strategically utilize our owned and leased aircraft fleet and an asset-light charter model to deliver a greater range of global travel alternatives. In addition, our unique partnership with Delta Air Lines, Inc. Delta allows Wheels Up to offer a wide variety of aviation solutions across both private and premium commercial travel. 
 We generate revenue from flights through our member programs and charter solutions, membership fees and other services. Membership revenue includes fees paid for Wheels Up s annual membership, which provides members with access to one of the world s largest combined fleets of owned, leased and third-party aircraft. Flight revenue includes revenue earned from member and customer flights, whether as part of Wheels Up Membership or Wheels Up Charter, and from the use of pre-purchased dollar-denominated credits that can be applied to future costs, including flight services, annual dues, and other incidental costs such as catering and ground transportation Prepaid Blocks ). Our flight operations are typically favorably affected by increased utilization of our aircraft and generally higher levels of charter activity in the summer months and close in time to major U.S. holidays. Due to the nature of the services that we provide, we have determined that we operate as one reportable segment, which is private aviation services. 
 Wheels Up has one of the largest and most diverse mixes of available aircraft in the industry. As of September 30, 2024, we had 156 aircraft in our owned and leased fleet that includes Light, Midsize, Super-Midsize and Large-Cabin jets and Turboprops. We utilize our controlled aircraft fleet to support both Wheels Up Membership and Wheels Up Charter flights depending on the member s or customer s specific mission. We also have access to a large and diverse fleet and a global network of safety-vetted charter operators, which must continually satisfy our safety standards for aircraft, crew and operations. Together, our controlled aircraft fleet and global network of third-party operators position us to provide our members and customers with the right aircraft for the right mission, and create the opportunity for our members and customers to select a mode of travel that works for their specific needs. 
 Our Product Portfolio 
 Over time, our member programs and charter offerings have evolved to meet the varying needs of private fliers across the global markets we serve. In June 2024, we announced enhancements to our member programs and charter offerings that are intended to streamline our product portfolio. We believe that our newly aligned product portfolio Wheels Up Membership and Wheels Up Charter will simplify the private aviation experience for our members and customers, provide attractive benefits for the full spectrum of private fliers, and grant private fliers the freedom to tailor each trip to their specific needs. We anticipate that we will further evolve our service offerings as we implement our fleet modernization strategy and introduce new aircraft types into our controlled fleet. 
 34 

Join Up: Wheels Up Membership 
 Private fliers with predictable annual spend can utilize Wheels Up Membership, where a small annual fee and purchase of Prepaid Blocks unlock increased flexibility and expanded global access, and for certain fliers, guaranteed availability and recovery within the continental U.S., United Kingdom U.K. and Europe, subject to certain terms and conditions. We believe that Wheels Up Membership provides the varying benefits and services that suit a range of existing and potential individual and business private fliers. Wheels Up Membership is comprised of two primary membership categories Individual and UP for Business: 
 Our Individual membership, when paired with the purchase of a Prepaid Block, affords members with preferential benefits, such as capped hourly rate pricing in our Primary Service Area (as defined below), greater aircraft availability, including during peak demand days, access across cabin classes and, depending on the size of the Prepaid Block, guaranteed availability and recovery within the continental U.S., U.K. and Europe, subject to certain terms and conditions. Individual members pay an annual membership fee of 8,500. The flexibility of our Individual membership is designed for individual fliers, as well as business fliers that opt to purchase Prepaid Blocks at lower levels. 
 Our Up for Business membership consists of small and medium enterprise, and custom enterprise solutions for business fliers that tend to spend at higher levels than individual members. Whether Wheels Up is the primary provider of the member s private flights or a supplementary solution to the member s own aircraft operations, our Up for Business membership provides business fliers with tailored options to fit their needs. The flexibility of our offering also provides our UP for Business members with the ability to book, purchase and manage their private travel needs and book commercial travel through Delta, all from a single source. UP for Business members that purchase Prepaid Blocks receive enhanced benefits, including, among others, guaranteed aircraft availability and capped or fixed hourly rate pricing. 
 Our first-of-its-kind partnership with Delta also allows us to address the needs of our members and charter customers across both private and premium commercial travel. Members have the unique opportunity to earn Diamond Medallion Status with Delta based on their qualifying Wheels Up spend, and use Prepaid Blocks to purchase discounted Delta flights and receive other benefits with Delta, in each case subject to certain terms and conditions. Wheels Up Membership also provides access to an enhanced lifestyle program of events, experiences and member benefits. All membership options provide access through the Wheels Up mobile app and website to charter flights and dynamic pricing. 
 In June 2023, we implemented changes to our member programs that were designed to focus our controlled aircraft fleet into specific regions in the U.S. along the east coast, west coast, and travel in between (our Primary Service Area ), while continuing to service all regions in North America using our charter solutions. In June 2024, we announced the next evolution of Wheels Up Membership, which provides members that purchase higher levels of Prepaid Blocks with expanded global aircraft access, and guaranteed availability and recovery outside of our Primary Service Area in the continental U.S., U.K. and Europe, subject to certain terms and conditions. The breadth of our complementary charter solutions gives us the ability to offer these additional options and flexibility to our members. While capped hourly rate pricing continues to apply only in our Primary Service Area, we believe that the expansion of guaranteed availability and recovery, as well as generally shorter aircraft call out times, position us well to deliver enhanced value, flexibility and accessibility to our members. We anticipate that these additional member benefits will be an important driver of future revenue growth, and allow the Company to demonstrate the strength of both its Wheels Up Membership and Wheels Up Charter offerings. 
 35 

Fly Up: Wheels Up Charter 
 For travelers who are looking to pay as they go, Wheels Up Charter allows members and non-member customers to book charter trips with no upfront costs for everything from a family vacation to a multi-stop, international business itinerary. Wheels Up Charter is a global solution that leverages the capabilities of our domestic charter teams and the global capabilities of Air Partner Limited, our subsidiary, which allows us to offer options to suit virtually every charter need through our international network of trusted partners. Our charter offerings customize the member and customer experience for short- or long-haul flights with bespoke private jet arrangements or group charters, including for commercial-size charters with large passenger groups of 15 or more, sports teams, global corporate events and tour operations. Wheels Up Charter is complementary to Wheels Up Membership, and provides a leading solution for members and customers wishing to fly globally through attractive market-based pricing and personalized alternatives. We are devoting significant resources to growing our global charter offerings alongside our member programs. 
 In June 2024, we announced enhancements to Wheels Up Charter intended to incentivize and reward frequent charter bookings. Wheels Up Charter customers can now earn rewards for each flight equal to a 2 flight credit for every 50,000 spent on charter flights, and Delta Diamond Medallion Status after achieving qualifying flight spend, subject to certain terms and conditions. In addition, we are transitioning our Connect and Core pay-as-you-fly memberships to our charter business. We expect that this transition will result in cost savings to these customers that did not previously enjoy the capped hourly rate pricing associated with Prepaid Blocks. 
 Additional Sources of Revenue 
 In addition to our member programs and global charter solutions, we provide wholesale charter services to customers such as charter flight brokers and third-party operators. We also engage in maintenance, repair and operations MRO ), fixed-base operator FBO services, safety and security services, and special missions, including government, defense, emergency and medical transport. We believe that these primarily non-member facing activities and services complement our core private aviation business and provide additional sources of revenue. 
 36 

Recent Developments 
 Our Fleet Modernization Strategy 
 On October 22, 2024, we announced our current fleet modernization strategy, which we expect will result in the transition from the operation of four current private jet models - Cessna Citation CJ3, X, and Excel/XLS and Hawker 400XP aircraft - to two different private jet models - the Embraer Phenom 300 series and Bombardier Challenger 300 series aircraft, while continuing to operate our King Air 350i aircraft within our Primary Service Area. We intend to achieve this fleet transition through a mix of opportunistic aircraft acquisitions and strategic leasing activity. Upon closing the GrandView Transaction (as defined below), we expect to immediately introduce the acquired Embraer Phenom 300 series fleet into our programmatic membership offerings, as well as offering it to our charter customers. We expect to begin operating Bombardier Challenger 300 series in our fleet by early 2025, with availability on both an as-requested charter basis and on specified routes for our members and customers, and full introduction into our Wheels Up Membership offering across our guaranteed service areas by the end of 2025. We anticipate that the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility (as defined below) will provide us with the flexibility to opportunistically add additional Embraer Phenom 300 series and Bombardier Challenger 300 series aircraft to our fleet during the period of transition. 
 We believe that our recently announced fleet modernization strategy will enhance the experience that we deliver to our members and customers, alongside an expected decrease in the average age of our owned and leased aircraft fleet, increase in maintenance availability and reliability, and improvements in fuel efficiency. In addition, we expect to utilize our existing pilot base and seamlessly adapt our maintenance processes to operate the Embraer Phenom 300 series and Bombardier Challenger 300 series aircraft that we expect to acquire by re-training certain of our pilots in the applicable fleet types and scaling our maintenance operations throughout the fleet transition. 
 Our current fleet modernization strategy is the result of our continuous review of our aircraft fleet in relation to our anticipated future needs, taking into account the age and composition of our fleet, maintenance costs and availability, anticipated aircraft utilization, and the efficiency of and demand for new aircraft types. To achieve our fleet transition, we expect to engage in strategic acquisitions and dispositions of aircraft, as well as enter into leasing arrangements in order to replenish our fleet while maintaining high levels of member and customer service. For example, in October 2024 we agreed to sell all 13 of our owned Cessna Citation X aircraft to an unrelated third party buyer, and expect to enter into leases for a portion of the sold aircraft and amend existing Cessna Citation X leases with the same buyer, which we anticipate will support our transition to Bombardier Challenger 300 series aircraft in the coming years. We believe that our current fleet modernization strategy, latest member program changes and the growth of our charter offerings position us well to strategically utilize our owned and leased aircraft fleet alongside an asset-light charter model to deliver a greater range of global travel alternatives. 
 Agreement to Acquire 17 Embraer Phenom and Phenom 300E Aircraft, and Related Assets 
 On October 22, 2024, Wheels Up Partners LLC WUP LLC ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Grandview Aviation LLC Seller and Global Medical Response, Inc., the parent entity of Seller (together with Seller, the Seller Parties and such agreement, the Asset Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to acquire from Seller 17 Embraer Phenom 300 and Phenom 300E aircraft, certain related maintenance assets to support the fleet, and Seller s existing customer program (collectively, the Acquired Assets and such transaction, the GrandView Transaction ). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the purchase price for the Acquired Assets is 105 million, subject to the adjustments described in the Asset Purchase Agreement. The Company anticipates that the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement will close in the month of November 2024, subject to customary closing conditions, including the completion of aircraft inspections. 
 The Asset Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants by WUP LLC and the Seller Parties that are customary for transactions of this type, which were made solely for the benefit of the parties thereto. Concurrently with the closing under the Asset Purchase Agreement, WUP LLC and Seller expect to enter into: (i) a transition services agreement (the TSA ), pursuant to which Seller will provide WUP LLC certain specified flight-related services on a temporary basis; and (ii) a master aircraft operating agreement (the Operating Agreement ), 
 37 

pursuant to which Seller will conduct certain on-demand flight operations using the Acquired Assets after the closing date while such aircraft are transitioned from a U.S. Federal Aviation Administration FAA operating certificate held by Seller to the FAA operating certificate held by Wheels Up Private Jets LLC WUPJ ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company (the Phenom Fleet Transition ). It is anticipated that the TSA and Operating Agreement will terminate upon completion of the Phenom Fleet Transition. The Company is currently a party to an agreement with Seller pursuant to which Seller has provided the Company s members and customers with certain dedicated Embraer Phenom 300 and Phenom 300E aircraft since November 2021, which is also expected to terminate at the closing under the Asset Purchase Agreement. 
 Committed Financing from Bank of America 
 On October 22, 2024, WUP LLC entered into a commitment letter (the Commitment Letter pursuant to which Bank of America, N.A. Bank of America committed to provide up to 332 million under a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility ). Delta is expected to provide credit support for the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility, which will effectively guarantee WUP LLC s payment obligations thereunder upon the occurrence and continuation of specified events of default. The anticipated maturity date for the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility is five years following the initial closing date. The Company expects that the initial closing for the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility will occur concurrently with the closing under the Asset Purchase Agreement in the month of November 2024. 
 The Revolving Equipment Notes Facility is expected to utilize an enhanced equipment trust certificate (EETC) loan structure that is similar to the existing fixed rate equipment notes that were issued by WUP LLC on October 14, 2022 (collectively, the Equipment Notes ). The Revolving Equipment Notes Facility is expected to be secured by first-priority liens on WUP LLC s owned aircraft fleet (the Owned Aircraft ). A term sheet describing, among other things, the material terms that are expected to be included in the definitive documentation for the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility is attached as Annex A to the Commitment Letter. It is anticipated that any principal amounts under the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility paid down between the initial closing date and the third anniversary of the initial closing date (the Availability Period ), either through regular principal amortization payments or from the early redemption of principal amounts related to any aircraft secured by the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility (without prepayment premiums), will again become available to be reborrowed for the purchase of additional aircraft to be secured by such facility during the Availability Period. 
 The Company anticipates that the net proceeds from the initial closing of the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility will be used: (i) to fund the purchase price for the Acquired Assets; (ii) to redeem in-full all outstanding Equipment Notes, which are currently secured by the Equipment Note Collateral (as defined below); and (iii) for general corporate purposes, including the potential acquisition of additional Embraer Phenom 300 series and Bombardier Challenger 300 series aircraft, to the extent there are any remaining net proceeds. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, approximately 148.9 million aggregate principal amount of Equipment Notes were outstanding, and the redemption amount for such Equipment Notes upon the initial closing of the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility, if at all, will include accrued interest thereon and applicable prepayment premiums. In addition, 20.0 million held as a deposit for the benefit of the Equipment Note lenders is expected to be netted against the redemption amount for the Equipment Notes. Assuming the expected uses of net proceeds described above, the netting of the deposit with respect to the Equipment Notes and the consummation of sales of certain Owned Aircraft that are currently under contract prior to the initial closing of the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility, the Company currently expects that upon the initial closing of the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility, approximately 75 to 115 million of net proceeds (before transaction related expenses) will become available for general corporate purposes. 
 Under the Commitment Letter, Bank of America will act as sole lead arranger for the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility. The commitment to provide the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility is subject to certain conditions, including the negotiation of definitive documentation and other customary conditions to the commitment. In addition, the Company anticipates that certain conforming amendments to the Credit Agreement (as defined below) will be made to permit the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility. The Company expects to pay certain customary fees and expenses in connection with obtaining and maintaining the Revolving Equipment Notes Facility. 
 38 

Evolving Our Commercial Strategy 
 Streamlining Our Product Portfolio 
 As described above, in June 2024, we announced enhancements to our member programs and charter offerings that are intended to streamline our product portfolio. We believe that our newly aligned product portfolio Wheels Up Membership and Wheels Up Charter will simplify the private aviation experience for our members and customers, provide attractive benefits for the full spectrum of private fliers, and grant private fliers the freedom to tailor each trip to their specific needs. We anticipate that the streamlining of Wheels Up Membership and Wheels Up Charter will be beneficial to members and customers, and will allow the Company to benefit from its scale and operational network worldwide. We also introduced booking experience upgrades for our website and mobile app, which make it easier for private fliers to explore our dynamic rates across dates, departure and arrival destinations. 
 Enhanced Delta Benefits 
 On June 15, 2024, Wheels Up Partners Holdings LLC WUP and WUP LLC, each a subsidiary of Wheels Up, entered into the Amended and Restated Commercial Cooperation Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2024 (the Amended CCA ), with Delta. The Amended CCA replaced the Commercial Cooperation Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2020, which was originally entered into in connection with the closing of Wheels Up s acquisition of WUPJ from Delta in January 2020 and subsequently amended. 
 The Amended CCA marks a continued commitment by Wheels Up and Delta to further their long-term commercial endeavors and provides for, among other things: (i) the terms on which certain of Wheels Up s members can continue to purchase discounted premium commercial air travel with Delta, including by the use of eligible Prepaid Blocks; (ii) an amendment to a related agreement that governs the terms on which certain of Wheels Up s members and customers may receive enhanced benefits under the Delta SkyMiles and Delta Medallion programs; and (iii) certain other in-kind benefits among the parties in furtherance of their joint sales efforts and related to the facilitation of their respective businesses. The Delta-related benefits for Wheels Up Membership and Wheels Up Charter described above are pursuant to the Amended CCA and related agreements. 
 Network Optimization and Cost Reduction Initiatives 
 Capitalizing on Our Primary Service Area 
 We continue to take steps to consolidate our operations more fully within our Primary Service Area, which is a crucial step in our efforts to transition our business to areas where we expect to generate sustainable profits. Starting in June 2023, we implemented changes to our member programs that were designed to focus our controlled aircraft fleet into our Primary Service Area, while continuing to service all regions using our charter solutions. By concentrating our controlled aircraft fleet in our Primary Service Area, where our members enjoy fixed or capped rate pricing, we expect to benefit from improved network density with significant cost and operating advantages for us, as well as attractive pricing and leading service levels for our members and customers. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, substantially all pre-June 2023 Prepaid Block rule sets have been exhausted. We also expect that our streamlined Wheels Up Membership and Wheels Up Charter offerings will drive additional sales and flight activity, which we anticipate will drive demand and improve aircraft utilization for our controlled aircraft fleet in our Primary Service Area while demonstrating the prevalence of our global charter solutions. 
 New PBI Maintenance Facility 
 We continue to implement changes to our aircraft fleet management and maintenance operations that are intended to improve the efficiency of our operations and the availability of our aircraft, as well as reduce our operating costs. In April 2024, we announced that we expect to open a new flagship maintenance facility at Palm Beach International Airport (the PBI Maintenance Facility by the end of the first quarter of 2025. In preparation for the opening of the PBI Maintenance Facility, we are reallocating resources from existing underutilized facilities as a result of, among other actions: the closure of existing maintenance operations in Cincinnati, Ohio and Broomfield, Colorado; the relocation of mobile service units in Sacramento, California, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Salt Lake City, Utah, and certain service units in Burbank, California, to the Eastern U.S.; and the forthcoming relocation 
 39 

of resources currently stationed at the Company s Fort Lauderdale facility to the PBI Maintenance Facility. We believe these actions will better align our maintenance resources to the Primary Service Area and flight demand density. 
 Certificate Consolidation 
 We continue to progress with the consolidation of our FAA operating certificates, which is intended to simplify our flight operations by harmonizing our procedures across the entire company. In February 2023, we consolidated our Cessna Citation CJ3 aircraft to one FAA operating certificate. In September 2023, we sold our non-core aircraft management business, which included the disposition of the two related FAA operating certificates. In November 2023, the FAA approved the movement of our Cessna Citation Excel/XLS fleet to WUPJ, which already included our Hawker 400XP fleet, and we completed the fleet transition in March 2024. Additionally, in March 2024, the FAA issued operational authority that allowed us to begin transitioning our King Air 350i, Cessna Citation CJ3 and Cessna Citation X aircraft fleets to a single FAA operating certificate held by WUPJ. In June 2024, we completed the transition of our King Air 350i fleet to WUPJ. In July 2024, we satisfied FAA gatekeeping milestones allowing for the transition of our owned and leased Cessna Citation X fleet to WUPJ and have transitioned substantially all of our Cessna Citation X aircraft as of the date of this Quarterly Report. In October 2024, the FAA approved our revised certificated consolidation plans addressing the streamlined addition of the Embraer Phenom 300 and Phenom 300E, and Bombardier Challenger 300 and Challenger 350 aircraft types to the WUPJ FAA operating certificate. We expect our FAA certificate consolidation and related operational efficiency efforts, including the addition of such new aircraft types, will continue to contribute meaningfully to our service delivery and financial results in future periods. 
 Additional Operational Efficiency Initiatives 
 Since the beginning of 2023, we have taken numerous actions intended to improve our operating efficiency and reduce our fixed costs, including the opening of our Member Operations Center located in the Atlanta, Georgia area (the Atlanta Member Operations Center in May 2023 and strategically reducing the number of owned and leased aircraft in our fleet. We expect to continue to take actions to simplify our business, drive our asset utilization, and focus on our core private aviation services. We also expect to strategically adjust our controlled aircraft fleet to match demand as we focus on improved asset utilization, and implement discrete cost reduction initiatives that do not adversely impact the customer experience or our service offerings. We believe these actions are important to achieving operational excellence and supporting future profitable flying. 
 Key Investor Lock-Up Extension 
 On September 22, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to Investment and Investor Rights Agreement (the Investor Rights Agreement Amendment ), with each of Delta, CK Wheels LLC CK Wheels ), Cox Investment Holdings, LLC CIH and, collectively with Delta and CK Wheels, the Lead Investors ), Whitebox Multi-Strategy Partners, LP Whitebox MSP ), Whitebox Relative Value Partners, LP Whitebox RVP ), Pandora Select Partners, LP Pandora ), Whitebox GT Fund, LP Whitebox GT and, collectively with Whitebox MSP, Whitebox RVP and Pandora, the Whitebox Entities and Kore Air LLC Kore and, collectively with the Whitebox Entities, the Additional Investors and, collectively with the Lead Investors, the Investors ), to amend and extend, among others, certain transfer restrictions set forth in the Investment and Investor Rights Agreement, dated September 20, 2023, by and among, the Company and the Investors (as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated as of November 15, 2023, the Investor Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement Amendment, the Lead Investors agreed to extend the lock-up restriction with respect to all of their shares of the Company s Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock ), issued pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement Shares for an additional year, until September 20, 2025, and the Additional Investors agreed to extend the lock-up restriction with respect to 72.5 of their Shares for an additional year, until September 20, 2025, in each case subject to limited exceptions for transfers to Permitted Transferees (as defined in the Investor Rights Agreement). Any transfers or sales of Shares held by the Additional Investors that are not subject to the extended lock-up restriction may not be at a price less than the minimum price per share specified in the Investor Rights Agreement Amendment. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement Amendment, approximately 97.2 of the Shares will remain subject to a lock-up restriction until September 20, 2025. 
 40 

In addition, on September 22, 2024, the holders that collectively beneficially own in excess of 66.67 of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2023, by and among the Company and the equity holders set forth on Schedule 1 thereto) extended the deadline by which the Company must file an initial shelf registration statement to register the Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to September 20, 2025. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results of operations below, we report certain key financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). 
 These non-GAAP financial measures are in addition to, and not a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to any performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures of financial results provide useful supplemental information about Wheels Up to investors and are utilized internally by our management team to assess certain aspects of our performance. However, there are a number of limitations related to the use of these non-GAAP financial measures and their nearest GAAP equivalents, including that they exclude significant expenses that are required by GAAP to be recorded in Wheels Up s financial measures. In addition, other companies may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to calculate their financial performance, and therefore, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as Net income (loss) adjusted for (i) Interest income (expense), (ii) Income tax expense, (iii) Depreciation and amortization, (iv) Equity-based compensation expense, (v) Acquisition and integration related expenses and (vi) other items not indicative of our ongoing operating performance, including but not limited to, restructuring charges. We include Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure for assessing operating performance and for the following: 
 To be used in conjunction with bonus program target achievement determinations, strategic internal planning, annual budgeting, allocating resources and making operating decisions; and 
 To provide useful information for historical period-to-period comparisons of our business, as it removes the effect of certain non-cash expenses and other items not indicative of our ongoing operating performance. 
 41 

The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA to Net loss, which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (57,731) (144,813) (252,097) (406,272) Add back (deduct) Interest expense 16,041 11,258 47,263 27,035 Interest income (907) (404) (1,248) (6,090) Income tax expense 405 579 732 751 Other expense, net 149 (613) 499 (716) Depreciation and amortization 12,484 15,459 43,472 45,027 Change in fair value of warrant liability (107) 61 (9) (685) Gain (loss) on divestiture 2,991 (3,403) 2,991 Gain (loss) on disposal of assets, net (70) 1,757 1,538 Equity-based compensation expense 7,885 3,508 33,364 21,650 Acquisition and integration expense (1) 
 2,108 Restructuring charges (2) 
 970 22,213 7,485 40,905 Atlanta Member Operations Center set-up expense (3) 
 10,765 3,481 26,895 Certificate consolidation expense (4) 
 1,143 3,279 5,955 10,799 Impairment of goodwill (5) 
 56,200 126,200 Other (6) 
 (244) 988 6,183 117 Adjusted EBITDA (19,982) (18,529) (106,566) (107,747) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Consists of expenses incurred associated with acquisitions, as well as integration-related charges incurred within one year of the acquisition date primarily related to system conversions, re-branding costs and fees paid to external advisors. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily includes charges for contract termination fees and employee separation programs as part of our ongoing cost reduction and strategic business initiatives. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, includes restructuring charges related to the restructuring plan that we announced on March 1, 2023 (the Restructuring Plan and related strategic business initiatives implemented in the first quarter of 2023, as well as expenses incurred during the second quarter of 2023 to support significant changes to our member programs and certain aspects of our operations, primarily consisting of consultancy fees associated with designing and implementing changes to our member programs, and severance and recruiting expenses associated with executive transitions. 
 (3) Consists of expenses associated with establishing the Atlanta Member Operations Center and its operations primarily including redundant operating expenses during the transition period, relocation expenses for employees and costs associated with onboarding new employees. The Atlanta Member Operations Center began operating on May 15, 2023. 
 (4) Consists of expenses incurred to execute the consolidation of our FAA operating certificates primarily including pilot training and retention programs and consultancy fees associated with planning and implementing the consolidation process. 
 (5) Represents a non-cash impairment charge related to goodwill recognized in the second and third quarters of 2023. 
 (6) Includes (i) collections of certain aged receivables which were added back to Net loss in the reconciliation presented for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, (ii) reserves and/or write-off of certain aged receivables associated with the aircraft management business which was divested on September 30, 2023, (iii) expenses incurred associated with ongoing litigation matters, and (iv) amounts reserved during the second quarter of 2024 related to Parts and supplies inventory deemed in excess after revision of future business needs associated with strategic business initiatives. 
 
 42 

Adjusted Contribution and Adjusted Contribution Margin 
 We calculate Adjusted Contribution as Gross profit (loss) excluding Depreciation and amortization and adjusted further for equity-based compensation included in Cost of revenue and other items included in Cost of revenue that are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance. Adjusted Contribution Margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted Contribution by total revenue. We include Adjusted Contribution and Adjusted Contribution Margin as supplemental measures for assessing operating performance and for the following: 
 To be used to understand our ability to achieve profitability over time through scale and leveraging costs; and 
 To provide useful information for historical period-to-period comparisons of our business and to identify trends. 
 The following table reconciles Adjusted Contribution to Gross profit (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 193,903 320,063 587,289 1,006,937 Less: Cost of revenue (166,859) (299,887) (556,809) (981,581) Less: Depreciation and amortization (12,484) (15,459) (43,472) (45,027) Gross profit (loss) 14,560 4,717 (12,992) (19,671) Gross margin 
 7.5 1.5 (2.2) (2.0) Add back: Depreciation and amortization 12,484 15,459 43,472 45,027 Equity-based compensation expense in Cost of revenue 
 535 826 2,097 3,097 Restructuring charges in Cost of revenue (1) 
 172 320 3,875 1,075 Atlanta Member Operations Center set-up expense in Cost of revenue (2) 
 10,642 1,860 22,440 Certificate consolidation expense in Cost of revenue (3) 
 1,032 3,279 4,503 7,720 Other in Cost of revenue (4) 
 (25) 3,256 Adjusted Contribution 
 28,758 35,243 46,071 59,688 Adjusted Contribution Margin 
 14.8 11.0 7.8 5.9 
 __________________ 
 (1) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily includes charges for employee separation programs as part of our ongoing cost reduction and strategic business initiatives. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, includes restructuring charges related to the Restructuring Plan and related strategic business initiatives implemented during 2023. 
 (2) Consists of expenses associated with establishing the Atlanta Member Operations Center and its operations primarily including redundant operating expenses during the transition period, relocation expenses for employees and costs associated with onboarding new employees. The Atlanta Member Operations Center began operating on May 15, 2023. 
 (3) Consists of expenses incurred to execute the consolidation of our FAA operating certificates primarily including pilot training and retention programs and consultancy fees associated with planning and implementing the consolidation process. 
 (4) Consists of amounts reserved during the second quarter of 2024 related to Parts and supplies inventory deemed in excess after revision of future business needs associated with strategic business initiatives. 
 
 43 

Key Operating Metrics 
 In addition to financial measures, we regularly review certain key operating metrics to evaluate our business, determine the allocation of resources and make decisions regarding business strategies. We believe that these metrics can be useful for understanding the underlying trends in our business. 
 The following table summarizes our key operating metrics: 
 As of September 30, 
 2024 2023 Change Active Members 6,699 10,775 (38) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Active Users 8,215 12,549 (35) On-Time Performance (D-60) 82 86 n/m Completion Rate 98 98 n/m Live Flight Legs 12,776 16,581 (23) Private Jet Gross Bookings (1) 
 204,289 255,415 (20) Total Gross Bookings (1) 
 255,102 303,407 (16) Private Jet Gross Bookings per Live Flight Leg 15,990 15,404 4 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Live Flight Legs 37,385 50,107 (25) Private Jet Gross Bookings (1) 
 597,738 780,238 (23) Total Gross Bookings (1) 
 729,965 914,517 (20) Private Jet Gross Bookings per Live Flight Leg 15,989 15,571 3 
 __________________ 
 n/m Not meaningful 
 (1) Amount shown in thousands. 
 Active Members 
 We define Active Members as the number of membership accounts that generated membership revenue in the applicable period and are active as of the end of the reporting period. We use Active Members to assess the adoption of our premium offerings which is a key factor in our penetration of the market in which we operate and a key driver of membership and flight revenue. 
 44 

Active Users 
 We define Active Users as Active Members as of the reporting date plus unique non-member customers who completed a revenue generating flight at least once in the applicable period and excluding wholesale flight activity. While a unique customer can complete multiple revenue generating flights on our platform in a given period, that unique customer is counted as only one Active User. We use Active Users to assess the adoption of our platform and frequency of transactions, which are key factors in our penetration of the market in which we operate and our ability to generate revenue. 
 On-Time Performance (D-60) 
 We define On-Time Performance (D-60) as the percentage of total flights flown that departed within 60 minutes of the scheduled time, inclusive of air traffic control, weather, maintenance and customer delays. On-Time Performance (D-60) excludes all cancelled flights and wholesale flight activity. 
 Completion Rate 
 We define Completion Rate as the percentage of total scheduled flights operated and completed. Completion Rate excludes customer-initiated flight cancellations and wholesale flight activity. 
 Live Flight Legs 
 We define Live Flight Legs as the number of completed one-way revenue generating private jet flight legs in the applicable period, excluding empty repositioning legs and owner legs related to aircraft under management. We believe Live Flight Legs is a useful metric to measure the scale and usage of our platform, and our ability to generate flight revenue. 
 Private Jet Gross Bookings Total Gross Bookings 
 We define Private Jet Gross Bookings as the total gross spend by our members and customers on all private jet flight services under our member programs and charter offerings (excluding all group charter flights, which are charter flights with 15 or more passengers Group Charter Flights ), and cargo flight services Cargo Services )). We believe Private Jet Gross Bookings provides useful information about the aggregate amount our members and customers spend with Wheels Up versus our competitors. 
 We define Total Gross Bookings as the total gross spend by our members and customers on all private jet flight services under our member programs and charter offerings, Group Charter Flights and Cargo Services. We believe Total Gross Bookings provides useful information about the scale of the overall global aviation solutions that we provide our members and customers. 
 For each of Private Jet Gross Bookings and Total Gross Bookings, the total gross spend by our members and customers is the amount invoiced to the member or customer, and includes the cost of the flight and related services, such as catering, ground transportation, certain taxes, fees and surcharges. We use Private Jet Gross Bookings and Total Gross Bookings to provide useful information for historical period-to-period comparisons of our business and to identify trends, including relative to our competitors. Our calculation of Private Jet Gross Bookings and Total Gross Bookings may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 In our Annual Report and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for each of the three months ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, as well as certain other earnings materials furnished in connection therewith, Total Private Jet Flight Transaction Value and Total Flight Transaction Value were presented as non-GAAP financial measures, and Total Private Jet Flight Transaction Value per Live Flight Leg was presented as a key operating metric. To improve the clarity of our reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and to use comparable terminology to other registrants, beginning with this Quarterly Report, we relabeled Total Private Jet Flight Transaction Value, Total Flight Transaction Value and Total Private Jet Flight Transaction Value per Live Flight Leg as Private Jet Gross Bookings, Total Gross Bookings and Private Jet Gross Bookings per Live Flight Leg, respectively. In addition, we now present Private Jet Gross Bookings and Total Gross Bookings as key 
 45 

operating metrics given their usage. We will no longer present Private Jet Charter FTV or Other Charter FTV, which were included in such past filings. 
 Private Jet Gross Bookings per Live Flight Leg 
 We use Private Jet Gross Bookings per Live Flight Leg to measure the average gross spend by our members and customers on all private jet flight services under our member programs and charter offerings (excluding Group Charter Flights and Cargo Services) for each Live Flight Leg. 
 46 

Components of Results of Our Operations 
 The key components of our results of operations include: 
 Revenue 
 Revenue is derived from flight, membership and other services. 
 Flight revenue consists of retail and wholesale flights and certain related fees and surcharges. Members can either pay as they fly or prepay for flights, including through the use of Prepaid Blocks. 
 Membership revenue is comprised of a one-time initiation fee paid at the commencement of a membership and recurring annual dues. Historically, a portion of the initiation fee is applied to annual dues; however, we discontinued initiation fees starting in July 2024. The remainder of the initiation fee, less any flight credits, is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated duration of the member relationship period, which is estimated to be three years. Members are charged recurring annual dues to maintain their membership. Revenue related to the annual dues is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the related contractual period. If a member qualifies to earn Delta miles in the Delta SkyMiles Program as part of their membership, then a portion of the membership fee is allocated at contract inception. 
 Aircraft management revenue consists of contractual monthly management fees charged to aircraft owners, recovery of owner incurred expenses including maintenance coordination, cabin crew and pilots, and recharging of certain incurred aircraft operating costs such as maintenance, fuel, landing fees and parking. We pass recovery and recharge amounts back to owners at either cost or at a predetermined margin. We sold our aircraft management business to an unrelated third-party effective September 30, 2023. We do not expect to realize any significant revenue or expenses associated with aircraft management activities in future periods. 
 Other revenue includes sales of whole aircraft, group charter revenue, cargo revenue, revenue sponsorships and partnership fees, safety and security revenue and special missions including government, defense, emergency and medical transport. In addition, other revenue includes flight management fees, software subscription fees from third-party operators for access to UP FMS, fees from third-party sponsorships and partnership fees and special missions revenue, including government, defense, emergency and medical transport. 
 Costs and Expenses 
 Costs and expenses consist of the following components: 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue primarily consists of direct expenses incurred to provide flight services and facilitate operations, including aircraft lease costs, fuel, crew travel, maintenance and third-party flight costs. Cost of revenue also consists of compensation expenses, including equity-based compensation and related benefits, for employees that directly facilitate flight operations. In addition, cost of revenue includes aircraft management expenses incurred such as maintenance coordination, cabin crew and pilots, and certain aircraft operating costs such as maintenance, fuel, landing fees and parking. 
 Technology and Development 
 Technology and development expense primarily consists of compensation expenses for engineering, product development and design employees, including equity-based compensation and related benefits, expenses associated with ongoing improvements to, and maintenance of, our platform offerings and other technology. Technology and development expense also includes software expenses and technology consulting fees. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense primarily consists of compensation expenses in support of sales and marketing such as commissions, salaries, equity-based compensation and related benefits. Sales and marketing expense also 
 47 

includes expenses associated with advertising, promotions of our services, member experience, account management and brand marketing. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense primarily consists of compensation expenses, including allocable portions of equity-based compensation and related benefits, for our executive, finance, human resources and legal teams, and other personnel performing administrative functions. General and administrative expense also includes any other cost or expense incurred not deemed to be related to cost of revenue, sales and marketing expense or technology and development expense. 
 We allocate overhead such as facility costs and telecommunications charges, based on department headcount, as we believe this to be the most accurate measure. As a result, a portion of general overhead expenses are reflected in each operating expense category. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense primarily consists of depreciation of capitalized aircraft as well as amortization of capitalized software development costs and acquired finite-lived intangible assets. 
 Gain on Sale of Aircraft Held for Sale 
 Gain on sale of aircraft held for sale consists of the gain on aircraft previously held as property and equipment and subsequently elected to actively market for sale or aircraft purchased with the intent to sell. 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 Impairment of goodwill consists of any write-off of goodwill during the period. An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value as of the impairment assessment date. 
 Gain (loss) on divestiture 
 Gain (loss) on divestiture primarily consists of the net working capital adjustment received in the first quarter of 2024 associated with the divestiture of the of our aircraft management business on September 30, 2023. 
 Gain (loss) on disposal of assets, net 
 Gain (loss) on disposal of assets, net, consists of any gains or losses on disposal of other assets during the period. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt consists of fees incurred to extinguish debt instruments in advance of the maturity date. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability consists of unrealized gain (loss) on warrants assumed as part of the business combination consummated on July 13, 2021 between WUP and Aspirational Consumer Lifestyle Corp. Aspirational ), a blank check company (the Business Combination ), including 7,991,544 redeemable public warrants Public Warrants and 4,529,950 redeemable private warrants (the Private Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ), in each case exercisable for 1/10th of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 115.00 per whole share of Common Stock. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income primarily consists of interest earned on cash equivalents in money market funds. 
 48 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense primarily consists of the interest paid or payable and the amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs on our credit facilities, promissory notes and other debt obligations. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense consists of income taxes recorded using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. These differences are measured using the enacted tax rates that are expected to be in effect when these differences are anticipated to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management believes it is not more likely than not to be realized. 
 49 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change in 2024 2023 Revenue 193,903 320,063 (126,160) (39) Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of items shown separately below) 166,859 299,887 (133,028) (44) Technology and development 9,594 19,962 (10,368) (52) Sales and marketing 20,029 22,548 (2,519) (11) General and administrative 27,058 42,853 (15,795) (37) Depreciation and amortization 12,484 15,459 (2,975) (19) (Gain) loss on sale of aircraft held for sale (190) (7,841) 7,651 n/m Impairment of goodwill 56,200 (56,200) n/m Total costs and expenses 235,834 449,068 (213,234) (47) Loss from operations (41,931) (129,005) 87,074 67 Other income (expense) Gain (loss) on divestiture (2,991) 2,991 n/m Gain (loss) on disposal of assets, net 70 70 n/m Loss on extinguishment of debt (289) (1,936) 1,647 n/m Change in fair value of warrant liability 107 (61) 168 n/m Interest income 907 404 503 125 Interest expense (16,041) (11,258) (4,783) (42) Other income (expense), net (149) 613 (762) n/m Total other income (expense) (15,395) (15,229) (166) 1 Loss before income taxes (57,326) (144,234) 86,908 60 Income tax benefit (expense) (405) (579) 174 n/m Net loss (57,731) (144,813) 87,082 60 Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to Wheels Up Experience Inc. (57,731) (144,813) 87,082 60 
 __________________ 
 n/m Not meaningful 
 50 

Revenue 
 Revenue decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, as follows (in thousands). 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change in 2024 2023 Membership 13,231 20,622 (7,391) (36) Flight 155,355 214,645 (59,290) (28) Aircraft management 1,410 53,235 (51,825) (97) Other 23,907 31,561 (7,654) (24) Total 193,903 320,063 (126,160) (39) 
 The decrease in Membership revenue was primarily driven by a 38 decrease in Active Members year-over-year. The decrease in Active Members was primarily as a result of the regionalization of our member programs and focus on profitable flying, as well as streamlining our membership offering. 
 The decrease in Flight revenue was primarily driven by a 23 reduction in Live Flight Legs year-over-year, which resulted in a 49.3 million reduction to Flight revenue, as well as a 6 decrease in Flight Revenue per Live Flight Leg, which resulted in a 10.0 million reduction to Flight revenue primarily due to our focus on more profitable flying. 
 The decrease in Aircraft management revenue is attributable to our divestiture of our aircraft management business on September 30, 2023. We do not expect to realize any significant revenue associated with aircraft management activities in future periods. 
 The decrease in Other revenue was primarily attributable to the absence of 5.9 million in software licensing revenue recognized in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue decreased by 133.0 million, or 44 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cost of revenue was primarily driven by decrease in revenue. The decrease was also driven by a 10.6 million decrease in expenses associated with setting up our Atlanta Member Operations Center during fiscal year 2023, as well as a 2.2 million decrease in expenses associated with our FAA certificate consolidation. 
 Adjusted Contribution Margin increased 380 basis points for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to the realization of cost savings as a result of the Restructuring Plan and other restructuring actions taken during fiscal years 2023 and 2024, as well as discrete cost optimization and operational efficiency measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for a definition of Adjusted Contribution Margin, information regarding our use of Adjusted Contribution Margin and a reconciliation of Gross margin and Adjusted Contribution Margin to Revenue. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Technology and Development 
 Technology and development expenses decreased by 10.4 million, or 52 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to a 5.3 million reduction in employee compensation, bonus and allocable costs driven by headcount reduction actions taken during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, as well as a 4.8 million decrease in enterprise software and other IT expenses, including the absence of a 2.7 million charge in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 associated with a software implementation project that was abandoned during the period. 
 51 

Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 2.5 million, or 11 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to a 2.3 million reduction in employee compensation and allocable costs driven by headcount reduction actions taken during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, a 0.6 million reduction in sales commissions, primarily driven by a decrease in memberships and lower Flight revenue, and a 0.5 million reduction in other marketing expenses driven by consulting and other marketing spend. The decreases were partially offset by a 0.9 million increase in advertising spend. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 15.8 million, or 37 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by a 13.6 million reduction in third party consulting spend, including the absence of 10.8 million in charges associated with professional fees incurred for executing the Company s operational and efficiency initiatives, as well as a 2.4 million reduction in legal expenses of which 1.2 million was attributable to a one-time legal settlement charge. The decrease was also driven by a 2.4 million reduction in employee compensation, bonus and allocable costs driven by headcount reduction actions taken during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. The decreases were partially offset by a 5.4 million increase in equity-based compensation expense primarily attributable to the Executive Performance Awards (as defined in Note 10 ). 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased 3.0 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of aircraft sales as we execute our fleet modernization strategy. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income was relatively consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to paid-in-kind interest expense associated with the Term Loan (as defined below) entered into during the second half of 2023. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net was relatively consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 52 

Results of Our Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in 2024 2023 Revenue 587,289 1,006,937 (419,648) (42) Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of items shown separately below) 556,809 981,581 (424,772) (43) Technology and development 31,204 50,265 (19,061) (38) Sales and marketing 62,946 71,500 (8,554) (12) General and administrative 99,244 122,334 (23,090) (19) Depreciation and amortization 43,472 45,027 (1,555) (3) (Gain) loss on sale of aircraft held for sale (2,680) (11,328) 8,648 n/m Impairment of goodwill 126,200 (126,200) n/m Total costs and expenses 790,995 1,385,579 (594,584) (43) Loss from operations (203,706) (378,642) 174,936 (46) Other income (expense) Gain (loss) on divestiture 3,403 (2,991) 6,394 n/m Gain (loss) on disposal of assets, net (1,757) (1,538) (219) n/m Loss on extinguishment of debt (2,800) (2,806) 6 n/m Change in fair value of warrant liability 9 685 (676) n/m Interest income 1,248 6,090 (4,842) (80) Interest expense (47,263) (27,035) (20,228) 75 Other income (expense), net (499) 716 (1,215) n/m Total other income (expense) (47,659) (26,879) (20,780) 77 Loss before income taxes (251,365) (405,521) 154,156 38 Income tax benefit (expense) (732) (751) 19 n/m Net loss (252,097) (406,272) 154,175 38 Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to Wheels Up Experience Inc. (252,097) (406,272) 154,175 38 
 __________________ 
 n/m Not meaningful 
 53 

Revenue 
 Revenue decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as follows (in thousands). 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in 2024 2023 Membership 
 46,131 63,780 (17,649) (28) Flight 469,968 681,691 (211,723) (31) Aircraft management 
 7,560 165,431 (157,871) (95) Other 
 63,630 96,035 (32,405) (34) Total 
 587,289 1,006,937 (419,648) (42) 
 The decrease in Membership revenue was driven by a 38 decrease in Active Members year-over-year, partially offset by the impact of lower incentive discounts on memberships in the current period. The decrease in Active Members was primarily as a result of the regionalization of our member programs and focus on profitable flying, as well as streamlining our membership offering. 
 The decrease in Flight revenue was primarily driven by a 25 decrease in Live Flight Legs year-over-year, which resulted in a 173.1 million reduction to revenue during the period, as well as a 8 reduction in Flight Revenue per Live Flight Leg, which resulted in a 38.6 million reduction to Flight revenue, primarily due to our focus on more profitable flying. 
 The decrease in Aircraft management revenue is attributable to our divestiture of our aircraft management business on September 30, 2023. We do not expect to realize any significant revenue associated with aircraft management activities in future periods. 
 The decrease in Other revenue was primarily attributable to a 17.1 million reduction in sales of aircraft inventory, as the Company has reduced its focus on whole aircraft sales, and the absence of 7.0 million in software licensing revenue recognized during fiscal year 2023. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue decreased by 424.8 million, or 43 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cost of revenue was primarily driven by the decreases in revenue noted above. The decrease was also driven by a 20.6 million decrease in expenses associated with setting up our Atlanta Member Operations Center and a 3.2 million decrease in expenses associated with our FAA certificate consolidation. The decreases were partially offset by charges for a 3.3 million reserve established for certain parts inventory deemed obsolete or in excess of forecasted demand for aircraft maintenance during the three months ended June 30, 2024, and a 2.8 million increase in restructuring charges associated with certain employee restructuring actions implemented in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Adjusted Contribution Margin increased 190 basis points for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to the operational efficiency initiatives discussed above. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for a definition of Adjusted Contribution Margin, information regarding our use of Adjusted Contribution Margin and a reconciliation of Gross margin and Adjusted Contribution Margin to Revenue. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Technology and Development 
 Technology and development expenses decreased by 19.1 million, or 38 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by a 14.1 million 
 54 

reduction in employee compensation, bonus and allocable costs driven by headcount reduction actions taken in fiscal year 2023, including the absence of 2.3 million of one-time charges associated with the Restructuring Plan recognized during the first quarter of 2023, as well as a 7.1 million decrease in IT-related charges, including the absence of a 2.7 million charge in the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 associated with a software implementation project that was abandoned during the period. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 8.6 million, or 12 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by a 7.3 million reduction in employee compensation and allocable costs driven by headcount reduction actions taken in fiscal year 2023, including the absence of 2.1 million of one-time charges associated with the Restructuring Plan recognized during the first quarter of 2023, a 2.6 million decrease in sales commissions, primarily driven by the decrease in year-over-year membership and revenues from whole aircraft sales, and a 1.3 million reduction in equity-based compensation expense. The decreases were partially offset by a 1.1 million increase in consulting spend, primarily driven by a 1.6 million one-time charge associated with terminating a consultancy agreement in the first quarter of 2024, and a 0.5 million increase in advertising spend. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 23.1 million, or 19 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by a 23.2 million reduction in consulting and legal expenses associated with integration-related activities and strategic planning, a 7.4 million reduction employee compensation and allocable costs primarily driven by headcount reduction actions taken in fiscal year 2023 and the absence of 5.4 million of one-time charges associated with the Restructuring Plan recognized during the first quarter of 2023. The decreases were partially offset by a 15.2 million increase in equity-based compensation expense primarily attributable to the Executive Performance Awards (as defined in Note 10 ). 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased 1.6 million, or 3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of aircraft sales as we execute our fleet modernization strategy. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income decreased by 4.8 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was attributable to holding lower levels of cash equivalents in money market funds during the period. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 20.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to paid-in-kind interest expense associated with the Term Loan (as defined below) entered into during the second half of 2023. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net was relatively consistent for nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 55 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview and Liquidity Outlook 
 Our principal sources of liquidity have historically consisted of financing activities, including proceeds from debt financing transactions, and operating activities, primarily from the increase in deferred revenue associated with the sale of Prepaid Blocks. As of September 30, 2024, we had 115.9 million of cash and cash equivalents and 32.9 million of restricted cash, and our long-term debt obligations consisted primarily of approximately 165.2 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of Equipment Notes (as defined below) and 431.7 million aggregate principal amount outstanding, including capitalized paid-in-kind interest, associated with the Term Loan (as defined below). In addition, we had a working capital deficit of 617.1 million as of September 30, 2024 and net cash used in operating activities was 115.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness and Contractual Obligations Our obligations in connection with our contractual agreements, including operating leases and debt financing obligations, could impair our liquidity and thereby harm our business, results of operations and financial condition in our Annual Report for more information about our contractual obligations. 
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement (as defined below), Delta has provided commitments for the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) in the aggregate original principal amount of 100.0 million, which may be drawn under certain circumstances and is subject to liquidity-driven repayment conditions. As of each of September 30, 2024 and the date of this Quarterly Report, no amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 We expect to meet our liquidity needs for the next 12 months with a combination of cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations, strategic dispositions of non-core or underutilized assets and, if needed, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. Our ability to satisfy our long-term liquidity needs will depend on, among others, our ability to generate cash flows from operations and enter into additional or alternate financing arrangements. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 2022-1 Equipment Notes 
 In October 2022, WUP LLC, entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2022 Note Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which WUP LLC issued 270.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Equipment Notes using an EETC (enhanced equipment trust certificate) loan structure. The Equipment Notes bear interest at the rate of 12 per annum with annual amortization of the principal amount equal to 10 per annum and balloon payments due at each maturity date. Interest and principal payments on the Equipment Notes began on January 15, 2023 and are payable quarterly on each January 15, April 15, July 15 and October 15. The stated final expected distribution date of the Equipment Notes varies from July 15, 2025 to October 15, 2029 depending on the type of aircraft, subject to certain prepayment requirements under the Omnibus Amendment (as defined below) and WUP LLC s ability to redeem Equipment Notes prior to maturity. As of September 30, 2024, the Equipment Notes were secured by first-priority liens on 105 of the Company s owned aircraft fleet and by liens on certain intellectual property assets of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (the Equipment Note Collateral ). 
 The Equipment Notes were sold pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, and issued under separate Trust Indentures and Mortgages, dated as of October 14, 2022 (each, an Indenture and, collectively, the Indentures ). In connection with the entering into the Credit Agreement (as defined below), the Company, WUP LLC, certain other subsidiaries of the Company that guaranteed and/or granted collateral to secure WUP LLC s obligations under the Equipment Notes entered into the Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated September 20, 2023 (the Omnibus Amendment ), in order to amend certain of the agreements governing the Equipment Notes, including the Note Purchase Agreement, Indentures and related guarantees. The Note Purchase Agreement and the Indentures and related guarantees, as each was amended by the Omnibus Amendment, contain certain covenants, including, among others: a liquidity covenant that requires the Company and its subsidiaries to maintain minimum aggregate available cash and Cash Equivalents (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) of 75.0 million on any date, inclusive of 20.0 million held as a deposit for the benefit of the Equipment Note lenders and presented in Other non-current assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; a covenant 
 56 

that limits the maximum loan to appraised value ratio of all aircraft financed, subject to certain cure rights of the Company; that if a prepayment under the Term Loan (as defined below) results in the weighted average life of the Term Loan being shorter t han that of the Equipment Notes, a redemption of a portion of the Equipment Notes is required; that if an Equipment Note has a maturity date on or after the maturity of the Term Loan (as defined below), all obligations under such Equipment Note will be due 90 days prior to the maturity of the Term Loan; and restrictive covenants that provide limitations under certain circumstances on certain acquisitions, mergers or disposals of assets, making certain investments or entering into certain transactions with affiliates, prepaying, redeeming or repurchasing the Equipment Notes, subject to certain exceptions, and paying dividends and making certain other specified restricted payments. Each Indenture contains customary events of default for Equipment Notes of this type, including cross-default provisions among the Equipment Notes and the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility. WUP LLC s obligations under the Equipment Notes are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, and the Company also must cause additional subsidiaries and affiliates of WUP LLC to become guarantors under certain circumstances. The Equipment Notes issued with respect to each aircraft are cross-collateralized by the other aircraft for which Equipment Notes were issued under the Indentures. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company redeemed in-full the Equipment Notes for 17 aircraft, which reduced the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Equipment Notes by 32.8 million. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 165.2 million aggregate principal amount of Equipment Notes were outstanding and the carrying value of the 105 aircraft that were subject to first-priority liens under the Equipment Notes was 249.4 million. 
 Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility 
 On September 20, 2023, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Original Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company as guarantors (collectively with the Company, the Loan Parties ), Delta, CK Wheels and CIH (in such capacities as lenders, collectively with Delta and CK Wheels, the Initial Lenders ), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (as defined below) and as collateral agent for the secured parties (the Agent ), which was subsequently amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated November 15, 2023 (together with the Original Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, as borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, as guarantors, the Initial Lenders, each of the Whitebox Entities and Kore (in such capacities as lenders, collectively with the Initial Lenders, the Lenders ), and the Agent, pursuant to which (i) the Lenders provided a term loan facility in the aggregate original principal amount of 390.0 million (the Term Loan ), the net proceeds of which were received in the third and fourth quarters of 2023, and (ii) Delta provided commitments for a revolving credit facility in the aggregate original principal amount of 100.0 million (the Revolving Credit Facility and together with the Term Loan, the Credit Facility ). 
 The scheduled maturity date for the Term Loan is September 20, 2028, and for the Revolving Credit Facility, is the earlier of September 20, 2028 and the first date after September 20, 2025 on which all borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility have been repaid, subject in each case to earlier termination upon the occurrence and continuation of an event of default. Interest on the Term Loan and any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility (each, a Loan and, collectively, the Loans accrues at a rate of 10 per annum on the unpaid principal balance of the Loans then outstanding. Accrued interest on each loan is payable in kind as compounded interest and capitalized to the principal amount of the applicable Loan on the last day of each of March, June, September and December and the applicable maturity date. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants that place limitations on, among other things: prepaying, redeeming, repurchasing, or issuing and selling new equity interests of the Company and its subsidiaries; paying dividends and making certain distributions; making certain investments and consummating certain acquisitions, mergers or disposals of assets; and the replacement of existing indebtedness and incurrence of new indebtedness and encumbrances. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default, including a cross-default provision among the Equipment Notes and other Material Indebtedness (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first-priority lien on unencumbered assets of the Loan Parties (excluding certain assets), and a junior lien on the Equipment Note Collateral. The Credit Agreement is guaranteed by all U.S. and certain non-U.S. direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company. In the future, the Company may be 
 57 

required to add any new or after-acquired subsidiaries of the Company that meet certain criteria as guarantors. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants under the Credit Agreement and related credit documents. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 431.7 million aggregate principal outstanding, including capitalized paid-in-kind interest, associated with the Term Loan. 
 In addition, Delta has provided commitments for the Revolving Credit Facility in the aggregate original principal amount of 100.0 million under the Credit Agreement. The Company may request to make borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time until September 20, 2025 in an amount and to the extent that after giving pro forma effect to any borrowing thereunder, the Company s Unrestricted Cash Amount (as defined in the Credit Agreement) will not exceed 100.0 million. The Company generally must promptly repay any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility prior to maturity as follows: (i) at any time prior to September 20, 2025, to the extent the Unrestricted Cash Amount (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is greater than 100.0 million; and (ii) on or after September 20, 2025 but prior to maturity, to the extent that the Unrestricted Cash Amount (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is greater than 125.0 million and if Consolidated Cash Flow (as defined in the Credit Agreement) has been positive for any fiscal quarter since September 20, 2023. As of each of September 30, 2024 and the date of this Quarterly Report, no amounts were outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 58 

Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (115,814) (661,494) Net cash provided by investing activities 26,058 36,619 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (52,961) 283,171 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,274) (4,287) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (143,991) (345,991) 
 Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 The cash outflow from operating activities consisted of our net loss during the respective periods, net of non-cash items of 106.5 million and 187.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and the balance from a decrease in net operating assets and liabilities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 405.3 million of Prepaid Blocks compared to 274.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The year-over-year increase in Prepaid Block purchases was attributable to a higher volume of purchases in the first half of 2024 as compared to the prior year. We have historically experienced greater purchases of Prepaid Blocks from our members during the third and fourth quarters of the calendar year. Prepaid Blocks are cash deposits that are accounted for as Deferred revenue until the time at which they are used by members or customers in accordance with the terms applicable to such Prepaid Block. 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 The cash inflow from investing activities was primarily attributable to 47.6 million in proceeds from the sale of aircraft that were classified as held for sale and 6.8 million in cash proceeds associated with the divestiture of the aircraft management business on September 30, 2023. The inflows were partially offset by cash outflows of 26.2 million for capital expenditures, including 11.5 million of capitalized software development costs. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 The cash outflow from financing activities was primarily attributable to the repayments of long-term debt of 52.5 million. 
 59 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, our principal ongoing commitments consisted of contractual cash obligations to pay principal and interest payments under the Equipment Notes, principal and accrued interest under the Credit Agreement when due at maturity, operating leases for certain controlled aircraft, leased facilities, including our corporate headquarters at the Atlanta Member Operations Center, our corporate office in New York, New York, and other operational facilities, such as hangars and maintenance facilities, and ordinary course arrangements involving our obligation to provide services for which we have already received deferred revenue. For further information about our lease obligations, see Note 9 , Leases of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 We have future cash contractual obligations to make certain permitted mandatory redemptions and prepayments under the Equipment Notes and Credit Agreement, respectively, prior to maturity under certain circumstances, and to pay in full all amounts owed with respect to the Equipment Notes, Term Loan and any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility as they come due. For further information on the Equipment Notes, Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility, see Long-Term Debt above and Note 7 , Long-Term Debt of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 Our obligation to provide services for which we have already received deferred revenue are to our members and customers, none of which individually comprises a material amount of our deferred revenue. Certain customers have the right to demand the prompt return of certain amounts included in deferred revenue under certain conditions. These contractual obligations require that we have sufficient levels of working capital and liquidity on-hand in the future to perform such services. For further information about deferred revenue, see Note 2 , Revenue Recognition of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 For further information on our critical accounting policies and estimates, see Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates included in our Annual Report. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For further information on recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 , Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 In the ordinary course of operating our business, we are exposed to market risks. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position or results of operations due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our principal market risks have related to interest rates, aircraft fuel and foreign currency exchange. There have not been any material changes to the market risks described in Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in our Annual Report. 

60 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024, to ensure that material information was accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

61 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty. See Note 13 , Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein for a discussion of loss contingencies, if any. Below is a discussion of the Company s significant pending legal proceedings: 
 GRP Litigation 
 On July 5, 2023, we filed a lawsuit against Exclusive Jets, LLC d/b/a flyExclusive, a subsidiary of flyExclusive, Inc. FE ), in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, which was re-filed against FE in the Supreme Court of the State of New York in New York County on August 23, 2023. We instituted the action to enforce our rights and remedies for wrongful termination by FE of that certain Fleet Guaranteed Revenue Program Agreement, dated November 1, 2021, between WUP and FE (the GRP Agreement ). On June 30, 2023, FE notified us in writing of its immediate termination of the GRP Agreement. We believe that FE wrongfully terminated such agreement in breach thereof. We are seeking compensatory damages, including the return of the material deposits held by FE under the GRP Agreement (collectively, the GRP Deposit that were recorded in Other non-current assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, as well as attorneys fees and costs. On October 31, 2024, FE filed its defenses to the Company s claims and simultaneously presented certain counterclaims for unpaid amounts it claims it is owed under the GRP Agreement. 
 We intend to vigorously pursue the action to recover the outstanding deposits and other damages from FE and defend against any counterclaims, but there can be no assurance as to the outcome of the dispute with FE. Our success in recovering the amounts from FE will depend upon several factors including the ability of FE to satisfy recoverable amounts using available liquidity or other assets. In its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on May 1, 2024, FE disclosed that upon termination of the GRP Agreement, it applied a portion of the GRP Deposit against certain receivable balances that FE claims it was owed under the GRP Agreement. In its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2024 filed with the SEC on August 14, 2024, FE disclosed that: (i) it expects to incur operating losses in the near term as [FE] advances its fleet modernization and associated cost savings initiatives (ii) as of June 30, 2024, FE had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 9.3 million and available borrowing capacity of approximately 4.9 million under existing lines of credit, against a working capital deficit of approximately 73.5 million; (iii) FE s net cash flows used by operating activities were approximately 42.1 million during the six months ended June 30, 2024; and (iv) FE believes its cash and cash equivalents on hand, operating cash flows, and proceeds from possible financings and the fractional program will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditure requirements, for at least 12 months after August 14, 2024, but it might need additional capital to fund growth plans or as circumstances change, which it claims it could obtain through equity issuances, refinancing existing debt or new borrowings, and if it is not able to refinance existing indebtedness, FE s liquidity and business would be materially adversely impacted. We are in the process of evaluating the effects of the foregoing events and we cannot make a reasonable estimate of any outcome, recovery or loss at this time. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Some of our business is dependent on our third-party operators to provide flights for our members and customers. If such third-party operators do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships with us, our costs may increase and our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected in our Annual Report for further information. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the significant risk factors and uncertainties known to the Company and disclosed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors included in our Annual Report. 
 62 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 The table below sets forth information regarding purchases of our Common Stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 
 August, 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 
 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 
 46,233 1.75 Total 46,233 1.75 
 _________________ 
 (1) Reflects shares withheld for payment of tax liability arising as a result of the vesting of restricted stock units for certain officers. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (a) None. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K, except as follows: 
 , , one of our , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the potential sale of up to shares of Common Stock, subject to certain conditions. The expiration date of such arrangement is . 
 63 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report. 
 No. 
 Description of Exhibit 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Wheels Up Experience Inc., filed on November 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2023) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Wheels Up Experience Inc., effective as of November 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024) 
 10.1 + Separation and Release Agreement, dated August 20, 2024, by and between Laura Heltebran and Wheels Up Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 21 , 2024) 
 10.2 Offer Letter, dated August 20, 2024, by and between Matthew Knopf and Wheels Up Partners LLC 
 10.3 Amendment No. 2 to Investment and Investor Rights Agreement, dated September 22, 2024, by and among Wheels Up Experience Inc. and the Investors listed on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 23, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Interim Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Interim Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. Identifies each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. + Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted pursuant to Item (601)(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 64 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 WHEELS UP EXPERIENCE INC. 
 Date: November 7, 2024 
 /s/ George Mattson 
 Name: 
 George Mattson 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: November 7, 2024 
 /s/ Alex Chatkewitz 
 Name: 
 Alex Chatkewitz 
 Title: 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

65 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 ex-102xknopfofferletterdat.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

August 20, 2024 
 
 Matthew Knopf 
 By Email 
 
 Dear Matthew, 
 
 We are pleased to offer you a position at Wheels Up Partners LLC (the Company ). We are excited to have you join the Company and anticipate that you will be a great addition to our team. 
 
 Your first day with the Company will be September 9, 2024, or on such other date that we mutually agree upon after your acceptance of this offer (your Start Date ). 
 
 The following will outline the general terms of our employment offer 
 
 1. Position and Duties . Your title will be Chief Legal Officer and you will perform the duties and services assigned to you by the Company. You will report to George Mattson, Chief Executive Officer. Your employment will be subject to all Company policies, procedures and practices as may currently exist or as may be modified or implemented in the future, including our Employee Handbook. This offer is made contingent upon the successful completion of the pre-employment process, including, but not limited to, satisfactory completion of a background check. 
 2. Place of Employment . The primary location for your employment will be the Member Operations Center in Atlanta, Georgia. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the duties to be performed by you hereunder are such that you may need to travel as reasonably required in accordance with the Company s policy on travel and expenses. 
 3. Annual Salary . Your annual base salary will be 525,000 (the Base Salary ), less payroll deductions and all required withholdings, payable in accordance with the Company s payroll policies, as may be amended from time to time. As an exempt employee, you are not eligible for overtime under the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
 4. Discretionary Bonus . Beginning in 2024, you will be eligible to participate in the Company s annual bonus plan applicable to other senior executives of the Company. The target amount for your position is equal to one hundred percent (100 of your Base Salary. You will be subject to the terms of the Company s annual bonus plan however, your 2024 annual bonus target shall be prorated for hire date. Your payment of a bonus under the plan is made on an annual basis, based upon Company performance against company and individual performance targets, and can be increased or decreased based on the actual results, your individual performance toward key performance indicators, and any other factors determined in the sole discretion of the Company. 
 5. Special Equity Award . The Company will recommend to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors Compensation Committee that you be granted a one-time equity award of restricted stock units (the Special Equity Award in the amount of 1,750,000, which shall vest in equal, annual installments over a three-year period on the anniversary of the grant date. The Special Equity Award shall be subject to the terms of the Company s long-term 

incentive plans applicable to other senior executives of the Company, and as may be amended from time to time at the discretion of the Company. The Special Equity Award grant is expected to be made at the next regularly scheduled Compensation Committee meeting. 
 6. Annual Equity Award . Commencing in 2025, you will be eligible for an Annual Equity Award. The award is based on performance and will be aligned to your level at the time of the award Currently, the award target for your role is 125 of your salary. Equity awards are granted based on individual performance and are subject to approval by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 7. Executive Flight Hours . You shall receive flight hours in accordance with the Executive Flight Hour plan as established by the Company. Beginning in 2025 you will receive, on an annual basis twenty (20) flight hours on a King Air aircraft. The hours will be distributed to you in equal increments at the beginning of each calendar quarter. For 2024, you will receive a flight hour deposit of 5.0 King Air hours for the fourth quarter. The Company reserves the right to amend the Executive Flight Hour plan from time to time. 
 8. Paid Time Off . You will be eligible for paid time off, depending on years of service, during each calendar year of your employment with the Company in accordance with the Company s paid time off policy applicable to other senior executives of the Company, as may be amended from time to time. 
 9. Benefits . You will be entitled to the benefits that the Company customarily makes available to employees in positions comparable to yours. Please refer to the plan documents for more details, including eligibility. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend, change or cancel the benefits at any time. 
 10. Employment Relationship . In accepting this offer, you understand and agree that your employment with the Company will be at-will. This means that your employment is not for any specific length of time and that either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause and with or without notice. You further understand and acknowledge that there is no written or oral contract providing you with any definite or specific term of employment. You further understand and agree that due to your at-will status, the Company may, at any time, modify the terms of your employment, including, but not limited to, your job title, job responsibilities, compensation and benefits. 
 11. Severance Plan . Although your employment is at-will, if the Company terminates your employment without good cause (as such term is defined in the Company s Executive Severance Plan) or you resign your employment for good reason (as such term is defined in the Company s Executive Severance Plan), upon separation you will be entitled to receive severance as set forth in the Company s Executive Severance Plan as applicable for the EVP level. 
 12. Conditions of Employment . Simultaneous with the execution of this letter agreement, you shall sign the Employee Confidentiality Agreement and Restrictive Covenants Restrictive Covenant Agreement ), a copy of which is attached hereto as Appendix A . You acknowledge that your employment with the Company is conditioned upon the execution and delivery of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement and the terms thereof shall be fully incorporated herein. 
 2 

13. No Other Understandings . This letter agreement sets forth our entire agreement and understanding and supersedes any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between you and the Company and or its affiliates and any of their respective officers, directors, managers and or principals. 
 14. Other Conditions and Obligations. By signing this agreement, you represent that you are not subject to any currently effective employment contract, or any other contractual or other binding obligation, including without limitation, any obligation relating to non-competition, confidentiality, trade secrets, proprietary information or works for hire, that would restrict your employment or employment activities with or on behalf of the Company. In your work for the Company, you will be expected not to use or disclose any confidential information, including trade secrets, of any former employer or other person to whom you have an obligation of confidentiality. You agree that you will not bring onto Company premises any unpublished documents or property belonging to any former employer or other person to whom you have any obligation of confidentiality. 
 15. Board Positions . It is the Company s policy that senior executives limit outside Board activity to one Board of Directors position. You may not serve on the Board of Directors or Advisory Board of more than one for-profit company without the prior written consent of the Company. You may serve as an officer, manager or director of or otherwise participate in charitable, educational, welfare, social, religious and civic organizations so long as such activities do not interfere with your employment with the Company. 
 16. Business Time . The employee shall devote full working time, energy, attention, and talents to the performance of the duties and responsibilities hereunder. You may not, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer directly or indirectly, operate, participate in the management, operations or control of, or act as an employee, officer, consultant, partner, member agent or representative of, any type of business or service other than as an employee of the Company. 
 17. Truthful Representations . You acknowledge and confirm that all of the representations you have made and all of the information that you have provided to the Company on any employment application, resume or any other document, or orally during the interview process, concerning, among other things, your prior employment history, education, experience and other qualifications, are true and correct. You understand and agree that any falsifications, misrepresentations, or omissions with respect to any of the representations and information that you have made or provided to the Company may be grounds for the withdrawal of this offer of employment or, if hired, the termination of your employment. 
 You further understand and acknowledge that your employment with the Company is contingent upon your satisfactory completion of background and drug checks, as applicable, that are conducted by the Company and your completion of Section 1 of the Form I-9 on or before the end of your first (1 st day of employment and your presentation of your original documentation verifying your work eligibility and identification on or before the end of your third (3 rd day of employment. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 3 

Please indicate your acceptance of our offer on the terms set forth above by countersigning in the appropriate space below no later than two (2) business days from the date hereof. The offer contained herein shall automatically expire two business days from the date hereof. We are excited at the prospect of you joining our team and look forward to having you on board. 

Sincerely, 

s George Mattson 
 George Mattson 
 Wheels Up Chief Executive Officer 

Signature 

s Matthew Knopf 
 Matthew Knopf 
 Date August 20, 2024 
 Signature Page to Offer Letter 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex-311xcertificationofthec.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, George Mattson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of Wheels Up Experience Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By 
 s George Mattson 

Name George Mattson 

Title Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex-312xcertificationofthei.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Eric Cabezas, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report of Wheels Up Experience Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 By 
 s Eric Cabezas 

Name Eric Cabezas 

Title Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex-321xcertificationofthec.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Wheels Up Experience Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, George Mattson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date November 7, 2024 
 By 
 s George Mattson 

Name George Mattson 

Title Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex-322xcertificationofthei.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Wheels Up Experience Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Eric Cabezas, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date November 7, 2024 
 By 
 s Eric Cabezas 

Name Eric Cabezas 

Title Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 up-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 up-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 up-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 up-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 up-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

