<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1645873_0001645873-24-000174.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10373679</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143859</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1719232</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3386459</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2688493</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2257380</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001645873-24-000174.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105185600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001645873-24-000174
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001645873
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				474156046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40814
		FILM NUMBER:		241428858

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2195 SOUTH DOWNING STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-686-6348

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2195 SOUTH DOWNING STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Modiv Industrial, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230811

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MODIV INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RW HOLDINGS NNN REIT, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001645873-24-000174.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 cik0001645873-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cik0001645873-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from____________to____________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 , , 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were shares of Class C Common Stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX 
 PART I - 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Income Three and Nine Months Ended Septem ber 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 PART II - 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 46 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 46 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1 Financial Statements 
 
 MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Real estate investments: Land Buildings and improvements Equipment Tenant origination and absorption costs Total investments in real estate property Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total real estate investments, net, excluding unconsolidated investment in real estate property and real estate investments held for sale, net Unconsolidated investment in a real estate property Total real estate investments, net, excluding real estate investments held for sale, net Real estate investments held for sale, net Total real estate investments, net Cash and cash equivalents Tenant deferred rent and other receivables 
 Above-market lease intangibles, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Investment in preferred stock 
 Interest rate swap derivative 
 Other assets related to real estate investments held for sale Total assets Liabilities and Equity Mortgage notes payable, net Credit facility term loan, net Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities Distributions payable 
 Below-market lease intangibles, net Interest rate swap derivative Other liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 11 
 Series A cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 with an aggregate liquidation value of 
 Class C common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Class S common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in-capital Treasury stock, at cost, and shares held as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Cumulative distributions and net losses ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Modiv Industrial, Inc. equity Noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income: 
 Rental income Management fee income 
 Total income 
 Expenses: General and administrative Stock compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Property expenses Impairment of real estate investment property Total expenses Gain (loss) gain on sale of real estate investments, net 
 ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income (expense): 
 Interest income Dividend income 
 Income from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property Interest expense, including unrealized gain or loss on interest rate swaps and net of derivative settlements 
 ) ) ) ) Loss on sale of investment in common stock 
 ) Increase (decrease) in fair value of investment in preferred and common stock 
 ) Other expense, net 
 ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income 
 ) ) ) Less: net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 
 ) Net (loss) income attributable to Modiv Industrial, Inc. 
 ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic ) ) ) Net (loss) earnings per share attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interests: 
 Diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Weighted-average number of common shares and Class C OP Units outstanding: 
 Diluted Distributions declared per common share and Class C OP Unit 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: cash flow hedge adjustment 
 Amortization of unrealized holding gain on interest rate swap 
 ) ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) ) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 
 ) Other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership: cash flow hedge adjustment 
 Amortization of unrealized holding gain on interest rate swap 
 Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 
 ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Modiv Industrial, Inc. 
 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Preferred Stock Class C 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative 
 Distributions 
 and Net 
 Losses 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Modiv Industrial, Inc. Equity Noncontrolling Interests in the Operating Partnership Total Equity Common Stock CS 
 Treasury Stock Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock - distribution reinvestments ATM offering of common stock, net (Note 9) Stock compensation expense Repurchase of CS and Class C OP Units 
 ) ) ) ) ) Dividends declared, preferred stock ) ) ) Cash distributions declared, CS and Class C OP Units 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 ) ) ) ) Adjustment to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Preferred Stock Class C Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions and Net Losses Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Modiv Industrial, Inc. Equity Noncontrolling Interests in the Operating Partnership Total Equity CS 
 Treasury Stock Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock -distribution reinvestments Stock compensation expense OP Units compensation expense Dividends, preferred stock ) ) ) Cash distributions declared, CS and Class C OP Units ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 Preferred Stock Class C Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative 
 Distributions 
 and Net 
 Losses 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Modiv Industrial, Inc. Equity Noncontrolling Interests in the Operating Partnership Total Equity CS 
 Treasury Stock Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock - distribution reinvestments ATM offering of common stock, net Note 9) 
 Exchange for Class C OP Units to common stock 
 ) ) Stock compensation expense OP Units compensation expense Repurchase of CS and Class C OP Units 
 ) ) ) ) ) Dividends declared, preferred stock ) ) ) Cash distributions declared, CS and Class C OP Units 
 ) ) ) ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income 
 ) ) ) ) Adjustment to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Preferred Stock Class C Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions and Net Losses Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Modiv Industrial, Inc. Equity Noncontrolling Interests in the Operating Partnership Total Equity CS 
 Treasury Stock Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock -distribution reinvestments Issuance of Class C OP Units Stock compensation expense OP Units compensation expense Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends, preferred stock ) ) ) Cash distributions declared, CS and Class C OP Units ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Stock compensation expense Amortization of deferred rents ) ) Amortization of deferred lease incentives ) Amortization of deferred financing costs and premium/discount 
 Amortization of (below) above market lease intangibles, net ) ) Impairment of real estate investment property Decrease (increase) in fair value of investment in common and preferred stock 
 ) (Gain) loss on sale of real estate investments 
 ) Unrealized loss (gain) on interest rate swap valuation 
 ) Income from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property Change in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in tenant deferred rent and other receivables 
 ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets 
 ) ) Decrease (increase) in accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities 
 ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Acquisitions of real estate investments ) ) Additions to existing real estate investments ) ) Net proceeds from sale of real estate investments Purchase deposits, net ) Net proceeds from sale of investment in common stock Refund of lease incentives 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Borrowings from credit facility term loan Repayments of credit facility revolver, net ) Principal payments on mortgage notes payable ) ) Proceeds from offering of common stock, net 
 Repurchases of common stock and Class C OP Units 
 ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) ) Distributions paid to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders 
 ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities: Distribution of GIPR common stock to Class C Common Stock and Class C OP Units 
 Receipt of GIPR common stock in exchange of GIPR preferred stock 
 ) Conversion of Classes M, P and R OP Units to Class C OP Units 
 ) Exchange of Class C OP Units for Class C Common Stock 
 Investment in preferred stock Accrued real estate improvements 
 Issuance of Class C OP Units in the acquisition of a real estate investment Reinvested distributions from common stockholders Increase in accrued distribution 
 Supplemental disclosure related to changes in real estate investments held for sale, net: Real estate investments held for sale, net ) Other assets related to real estate investments held for sale ) Other liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INDUSTRIAL, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 (expressed as a percentage of annual base rent ABR )) of industrial properties in its portfolio. The Company has the authority to issue shares of stock, consisting of shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which shares are designated as Series A cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock Series A Preferred Stock ), shares of Class C common stock Class C Common Stock ), par value per share, and shares of Class S common stock, par value per share. The Company's Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol MDV.PA and has been trading since September 17, 2021. The Company's Class C Common Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol MDV and has been trading since February 11, 2022. 
 The Company holds its investments in real property primarily through special purpose limited liability companies which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ). The Operating Partnership was formed on January 28, 2016. The Company is the sole general partner of, and owned an approximate and partnership interest in, the Operating Partnership as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Operating Partnership's limited partners are holders of Class C Operating Partnership units, as described in Note 12 . 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's portfolio of approximately million square feet of aggregate leasable space consisted of investments in real estate properties, comprised of industrial properties, which represent approximately of the portfolio (expressed as a percentage of ABR) as of September 30, 2024) and includes an approximate tenant-in-common interest in a Santa Clara, California industrial property (the TIC Interest ), and non-core properties, which represent approximately of the portfolio. 
 At the Market Offering 
 On March 30, 2022, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-263985), and on May 27, 2022, the Company filed Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3, to issue and sell from time to time, together or separately, the following securities at an aggregate public offering price that will not exceed : Class C Common Stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights and units. The Form S-3, as amended, became effective on June 2, 2022, and the Company filed a prospectus supplement for the Company s at-the-market offering of up to of its Class C Common Stock (the ATM Offering on June 6, 2022. On November 13, 2023, the Company filed Supplement No. 1 to the Prospectus Supplement dated June 6, 2022, and to the Prospectus dated June 2, 2022, to reflect the Amended and Restated At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated November 13, 2023, and the change in the Company's corporate name. During January 2024, the Company sold and issued shares of Class C Common Stock under the ATM Offering for , net of sales commissions of . During September 2024, additional shares were sold at an average price of per share and issued for , net of sale commissions of . The resulting net proceeds from the ATM Offering for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were after legal, accounting, investor relations and other offering costs of . 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 On February 15, 2022, the Company's board of directors amended and restated the Company's distribution reinvestment plan (the Second Amended and Restated DRP with respect to the Class C Common Stock to change the purchase price at which the Class C Common Stock is issued to stockholders who elect to participate in the Company's distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP ). The purpose of this change was to reflect the fact that the Company's Class C Common Stock was listed on the NYSE and no longer priced based on net asset value NAV per share. As more fully described in the Second Amended and Restated DRP, the purchase price for the Class C Common Stock under the DRP depends on whether the Company issues new shares to DRP participants or the Company or any third-party administrator obtains shares to be issued to DRP participants by purchasing them in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The purchase price for the Class C Common Stock issued directly by the Company is of the Market Price (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated DRP) of the Class C Common Stock, reflecting a discount (or such other discount as may then be in effect). This discount is subject to change from time to time, in the Company s sole discretion, but will be between to of the market price. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 of the average price per share (as described in the Second Amended and Restated DRP) actually paid for such shares of Class C Common Stock, excluding any processing fees. The Second Amended and Restated DRP also reflects the per share processing fee that will be paid to the Company's transfer agent by DRP participants for each share of Class C Common Stock purchased through the DRP. The Second Amended and Restated DRP was effective beginning with distributions paid in February 2022. 
 Through September 30, 2024, the Company has issued shares of Class C Common Stock pursuant to the DRP. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On December 21, 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized up to in repurchases of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023 2023 SRP ). Repurchases made pursuant to the 2023 SRP were made from time-to-time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or in any other manner as permitted by federal securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases were determined by the Company in its discretion and were subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. Under the 2023 SRP, the Company repurchased an aggregate of shares of its Class C Common Stock for an aggregate value of at an average cost of per share. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's board of directors has not authorized a new stock repurchase program for the repurchase of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Private Repurchase Transaction 
 On July 31, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with First City Investment Group, LLC First City ), an affiliate of Group of Trophy, LLC, to purchase the remaining Class C OP Units held by First City and to repurchase shares of Class C Common Stock also held by First City. Under this agreement, the purchase price was based on the average daily closing price of the Class C Common Stock on the NYSE for the consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date that the Company received notice from First City on July 29, 2024 that it would like to consummate the closing, as prescribed by the Operating Partnership agreement. The transaction closed on August 1, 2024 at a price of per share and unit, for total net consideration of . As a result of this transaction, the KIA auto dealership property located in Carson, California is no longer subject to a tax protection agreement. 
 
 NOTE 2. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 from to resulting in a decrease by the same amount in the net loss attributable to common stockholders from ) to ). The effect of this change decreased the Company s basic loss per share attributable to common stockholders from ) per share to ) per share and by the same amount for diluted loss per share attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interests. See Note 13 for further details of the earnings (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interests. 
 This immaterial error correction did not impact the net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership presented on the statements of operations and equity for the three and nine month periods, since those amounts are calculated using the cumulative earnings approach, which is the year-to-date period less the prior quarter s year-to-date net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership. 
 The statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 have been corrected to subtract, rather than add, the amortization of unrealized holding gain on interest rate swap from net loss. As a result, the comprehensive (loss) attributable to Modiv Industrial, Inc. for the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased from ) to ) and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 comprehensive loss attributable to Modiv Industrial, Inc. increased from ) to ). This correction is limited to the statement of comprehensive loss and did not have any impact on the Company s balance sheet, statements of operations, cash flows or equity. Consequently, this correction did not impact income from continuing operations, net loss, or per share amounts and it did not impact any key performance metrics including funds from operations, adjusted funds from operations, leverage and debt covenants. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 was properly presented. Management discovered these presentation errors during the preparation of the Company's quarterly financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and related reconciliations of the 2023 amounts. 
 
 NOTE 3. 
 consisted of wholly-owned operating properties, excluding the TIC Interest, located in states. 
 Acquisitions 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 On July 15, 2024, the Company acquired an industrial manufacturing property that produces optical systems for the defense and aerospace industries for . The property is located in the Tampa, Florida metropolitan area and the tenant entered into a -year sale-leaseback agreement at an initial cap rate of and a weighted average cap rate of , with annual rent escalations of . The Company defines initial cap rate for property acquisitions as the initial annual cash rent divided by the purchase price of the property and defines weighted average cap rate as the average annual cash rent including rent escalations over the lease term, divided by the purchase price of the property. The total acquisition cost, including legal fees and transaction costs, was . The seller is not affiliated with the Company or its affiliates. The Company recognized of rental income related to this property during each of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company acquired industrial manufacturing real estate properties for an aggregate of . These properties are located in Princeton, Savage, Detroit Lakes and Plymouth, Minnesota; Gap and Reading, Pennsylvania; Roscoe, Illinois; Lansing, Michigan; Ashland and Piqua, Ohio; Alleyton, Texas; and Andrews, South Carolina. These properties had a weighted average lease term of approximately years upon acquisition. The Company recognized and of rental income related to these properties during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and of rental income related to these properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Cummins Nashville, TN 2/28/2024 Office Lindsay (Land parcel) Fulton, OH 9/27/2024 Industrial 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold non-core real estate properties retail and office) comprising square feet for an aggregate contract sale price of , an aggregate loss on sale of and aggregate net proceeds of , net of commissions, closing costs and repayment of the outstanding mortgages. 
 Impairment Charge 
 In March 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge of related to its property located in Nashville, Tennessee, leased to Cummins Inc. Cummins ). The Company determined that an impairment charge was triggered by expectations of a shortened holding period and estimated the property's fair value based upon market comparables at that time. This property was held for sale as of December 31, 2023 and sold on February 28, 2024 as described in Dispositions above. 
 Asset Concentration 
 
 Rental Income Concentration 
 industrial properties located in: Colorado ), Ohio ), Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida 
 KIA retail property, Carson, CA 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 industrial properties located in: Colorado ), Ohio ), Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida 
 KIA retail property, Carson, CA 
 
 Operating Leases 
 The Company s real estate properties are primarily leased to tenants under net leases for which terms and expirations vary. The Company monitors the credit of all tenants to stay abreast of any material changes in credit quality. The Company monitors tenant credit by (1) reviewing the credit ratings of tenants (or their parent companies or lease guarantors) that are rated by nationally recognized rating agencies; (2) reviewing financial statements and related metrics and information that are publicly available or that are required to be provided pursuant to the lease; (3) monitoring news reports and press releases regarding the tenants (or their parent companies or lease guarantors), and their underlying business and industry; and (4) monitoring the timeliness of rent collections. Except for properties leased to Solar Turbines Incorporated in San Diego, California and State of California's Office of Emergency Services in Rancho Cordova, California, all of the Company's operating leases contain options to extend the lease terms of to -year extensions or to -year extensions. 
 In September 2024, the Company extended the lease term of its San Diego, California property leased to WSP USA Inc. (f/k/a Wood Group) for an additional , to February 28, 2034, and is continuing to explore potential lease extensions for certain of its other properties. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Intangible Assets, Net Related to the Company's Real Estate 
 ) ) Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Net ) ) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) Thereafter ) ) Weighted-average remaining amortization period years years years 
 Pending Real Estate Disposition 
 On April 1, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to the January 11, 2024 purchase and sale agreement with KB Home, a national homebuilder, for the sale of the Company's office property located in Issaquah, Washington leased to Costco until July 31, 2025. As a result of the City of Issaquah s setback requirements, the number of townhomes planned for the property had to be reduced. The Company and the homebuilder therefore agreed to reduce the sales price from to , with the ability to increase the purchase price by for each additional townhome the buyer can add to the development prior to closing. The buyer completed its due diligence on April 26, 2024 and deposited into escrow on May 1, 2024, bringing the total non-refundable deposit to . 
 Completing the sale remains subject to the buyer obtaining development approvals and the sale will not close until the earlier of (a) days following the later of buyer obtaining all necessary development approvals and tenant vacating the property, but not prior to February 1, 2025, and (b) August 15, 2025 unless extended. The amendment to the purchase and sale agreement provides that the buyer can extend the outside closing date up to times for days for each extension. The nonrefundable extension fee for the first extension is with applicable to the purchase price. The nonrefundable extension fees for the second and third extensions are and , respectively, and none of these extension fees will be applicable to the purchase price. The buyer is not affiliated with the Company or its affiliates. Since the pending disposition is not probable of being completed within 12 months of the balance sheet date, the property is not classified as a real estate investment held for sale as of September 30, 2024. 
 Real Estate Investments Held For Sale 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company classified properties as held for sale, both of which were sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company's industrial property located in Sacramento, California that was leased to Levins Auto Supply, LLC was sold on January 10, 2024 and its office property located in Nashville, Tennessee that was leased to Cummins, Inc. was sold on February 28, 2024. No properties were classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2024. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Tenant origination and absorption costs Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) Real estate investments held for sale, net Other assets, net Total assets related to real estate investments held for sale Liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale: Other liabilities, net Total liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale 
 
 NOTE 4. 

TIC Interest 
 During 2017, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, acquired an approximate TIC Interest. The remaining approximate interest in the Santa Clara, California property is held by third parties. 
 The Company and the third parties each hold an individual, undivided ownership interest in the Santa Clara property. Undivided ownership interests are arrangements in which two or more parties jointly own the property and the title is held individually to the extent of each party s interest. Based upon the nature of the Company s interest, consolidation is not appropriate, as the consolidation guidance applies to the consolidation of separate legal entities. As the Santa Clara property is subject to joint control, the Company accounts for its TIC Interest using the equity method. The property lease expiration date is March 16, 2026, and the lease provides for renewal options. The mortgage on this property bears interest at and has a maturity date of October 1, 2027. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 of the cash flow distributions and recognizes approximately of the results of operations. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company received cash distributions of and , respectively, from the TIC Interest, and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 As part of the Company s continued effort to increase balance sheet simplicity, management is currently exploring opportunities to acquire the minority interests in the property in which we hold the TIC Interest, which would result in consolidation of the asset, or to sell the TIC Interest. 
 Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Mortgage note payable, net Below-market lease, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income 
 Expenses: 
 Depreciation and amortization Other expenses Total expenses 
 Operating income Interest expense Net income 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5. 
 
 On August 10, 2023, the Company disposed of properties consisting of retail properties and office properties in a sale to Generation Income Properties, Inc. (NASDAQ: GIPR) GIPR ). These properties were sold for with paid in cash and the remaining paid in shares of GIPR's newly-created Series A Redeemable Preferred Stock (the GIPR Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of per share and an annual dividend yield of from August 10, 2023 to August 9, 2024, and an annual dividend rate of thereafter. The Company elected to record its investment in preferred stock at fair value. The fair value of the GIPR Preferred Stock at the closing date of the sale of the Company's properties was included in the net proceeds from sale to determine the loss on sale. 
 GIPR exercised its right to redeem all shares of the GIPR Preferred Stock in exchange for shares of GIPR common stock (the GIPR Common Stock ), which were issued to the Company on January 31, 2024. The Company distributed shares of the GIPR Common Stock to the holders of the Company s Class C Common Stock and Class C OP Units. By May 9, 2024, the Company sold the remaining shares of GIPR Common Stock, which had a fair value of as of March 31, 2024, at an average price of per share for aggregate net proceeds of , resulting in a net loss on sale of . 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 Tenant rent and billed reimbursements Unbilled tenant reimbursements Total 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 
 Construction advances (1) Other assets 
 Deferred financing costs on credit facility revolver Total 
 
 (1) The balance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 represents advances for improvements to be made to the Lindsay property in Franklinton, North Carolina. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued expenses 
 Accrued interest payable Unearned rent Security deposits 
 Lease incentive obligation Total 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 Credit facility: Term loan, net (1) 
 Total 
 (1) The increase in the net balance of the term loan reflects ongoing amortization of deferred financing costs o ver the remaining term of the loan at the rate of approximately per quarter. Deferred financing costs for the revolver are included in other assets in accordance with GAAP and are being amortized at the rate of per quarter. 
 Mortgage Notes Payable, Net 
 01/01/2030 Taylor Fresh Foods property 11/01/2029 Total mortgage notes payable Less unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Mortgage notes payable, net 
 (1) Represents the contractual interest rate in effect under the respective mortgage note payable as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 line of credit comprised of a revolving line of credit, which may be extended by up to months subject to certain conditions (the Revolver and a term loan (the Term Loan and together with the Revolver, the Credit Facility with KeyBank and the other lending institutions party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), including KeyBank as Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Agent ). The Credit Facility is available for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, repayment of existing indebtedness, and capital expenditures. 
 The Credit Facility includes an accordion option that allows the Company to request additional Revolver and Term Loan lender commitments up to a total of subject to customary conditions, including the receipt of new commitments from the Lenders. The Company's Revolver and Term Loan s maturity is in January 2026 and in January 2027, respectively, with options to extend the Revolver for a total of months. 
 On December 20, 2022, the Credit Agreement was amended to allow the Company to draw on the additional Term Loan commitment up to times by April 19, 2023, in exchange for a quarterly unused fee. The Term Loan commitment was fully drawn by April 19, 2023 and unused fees amounted to and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The Credit Facility is priced on a leverage-based grid that fluctuates based on the Company's actual leverage ratio at the end of the prior quarter. With the Company's leverage ratio at as of June 30, 2024, the spread over the secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), including a -basis point credit adjustment, is basis points and the interest rate on the Revolver was on September 30, 2024; however, there was outstanding balance on the Revolver. The Company also pays an annual unused fee of up to basis points on the Revolver, depending on the daily amount of the unused commitment, and incurred total unused fees of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company entered into a swap agreement, effective from May 31, 2022 to January 17, 2027, subject to the Company counterparty s one-time cancellation option on December 31, 2024, to fix SOFR at with respect to its original Term Loan. The swap agreement resulted in a fixed interest rate of on the Term Loan based on the Company's leverage ratio of as of September 30, 2024. 
 On October 26, 2022, the Company entered into a second swap agreement, effective from November 30, 2022 to November 30, 2027, subject to the Company counterparty s one-time cancellation option on December 31, 2024, to fix SOFR at with respect to its expanded Term Loan. The swap agreement resulted in a fixed interest rate of on the additional borrowed under the expanded Term Loan based on the Company's leverage ratio of as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Credit Facility includes customary representations, warranties and covenants. The Credit Facility is secured by a pledge of all of the Operating Partnership s equity interests in certain of the single-purpose, property-owning entities (the Subsidiary Guarantors that are indirectly owned by the Company, and various cash collateral owned by the Operating Partnership and the Subsidiary Guarantors. In connection with the Credit Facility, the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into an Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance in favor of the Agent, pursuant to which the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors agreed to guarantee the full and prompt payment of the Operating Partnership s obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 Compliance with All Debt Agreements 
 Pursuant to the terms of mortgage notes payable on certain of the Company s properties and the Credit Facility, the Company and/or the subsidiary borrowers are subject to certain financial loan covenants. The Company and/or the subsidiary borrowers were in compliance with such financial loan covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total principal Less: deferred financing costs, net ) ) ) Net principal 
 Interest Expense, Including Unrealized Gain or Loss on Interest Rate Swaps and Net of Derivative Settlements 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs Credit facility: Interest expense Unused commitment fees Amortization of deferred financing costs Swap derivatives: Derivative cash settlements (1) ) ) ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on interest rate swap valuation for first swap (2) 
 ) Amortization of unrealized gain on interest rate swap valuation (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on interest rate swap valuation for second swap (3) 
 ) ) Other Interest expense, net 
 (1) Derivative cash settlements received from swap instruments entered into by the Company covering (i) its original Credit Facility Term Loan (first swap) effective May 31, 2022 and (ii) its additional Term Loan commitment (second swap) effective November 30, 2022, as described above and in Note 8 . 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 derivative instrument failed to qualify as a cash flow hedge because it was deemed ineffective, as described in Note 8. The and of unrealized losses on the swap valuation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and the and ) of unrealized loss (gain) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, are recognized as an increase (decrease) in interest expense. Furthermore, the unrealized gain on interest rate swap derivative previously recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership is being amortized on a straight-line basis as a reduction to interest expense through the maturity date of the loan agreement (see Note 8 for more details). 
 (3) The Company's derivative instrument was not designated as a cash flow hedge and, therefore, the and of unrealized losses on the valuation of this swap for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, are reflected as increases in interest expense. The and of unrealized gains on the valuation of this swap for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, are reflected as decreases in interest expense (see Note 8 for more details). 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 swap agreement on May 10, 2022 to fix SOFR at effective May 31, 2022 related to the variable interest rate on its original Term Loan. The swap agreement matures on January 15, 2027 and the financial institution counterparty has a one-time option to cancel the swap on December 31, 2024. The Company designated the pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap with the terms described in the table below as of July 1, 2022 as a cash flow hedge which was effective through December 31, 2022. The derivative instrument failed to qualify as a cash flow hedge during the year ended December 31, 2023 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as described below. 
 The Company, through its Operating Partnership, entered into another swap agreement on October 26, 2022 to fix SOFR at effective November 30, 2022 related to the variable interest rate on its additional Term Loan commitment. The swap agreement matures on November 30, 2027, and the financial institution counterparty has a one-time option to cancel the swap on December 31, 2024 at no cost. The Company did not designate the pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap with the terms described in the table below as of November 30, 2022 as a cash flow hedge. 
 USD - SOFR years USD - SOFR years 
 (i) The notional amount of the Company s swaps corresponds to the principal balance on the Term Loan. The minimum notional amount (outstanding principal balance at the maturity date) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was . 
 (ii) Based on the terms of the Credit Facility, the fixed pay rate increases if the Company's leverage ratio increases above . 
 ) Interest Rate Swap 
 Liability - Interest rate swap derivatives, at fair value ) ) ) 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Term Loan was designated as a cash flow hedge for financial accounting purposes from July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, based on the Company's prospective effectiveness testing of the derivative instrument, the swap failed to qualify as a cash flow hedge because it was deemed ineffective due to the potential for a reduced term of the swap that could result from the cancellation option described above as compared with the maturity of the Term Loan. 
 As a result, the net change in fair value of the first Term Loan swap is recorded as a component of interest expense with losses reflecting an increase to interest expense and gains reflecting a decrease to interest expense. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized unrealized losses of and , respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized an unrealized loss (gain) of and ), respectively. 
 Due to the above Term Loan derivative instrument's failure to qualify as a cash flow hedge subsequent to December 31, 2022, the unrealized gain on interest rate swap derivative of as of December 31, 2022 (recorded in the Company's financial statements as follows: (i) of accumulated other comprehensive income and (ii) of noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership) is being amortized on a straight-line basis as a reduction to interest expense through the maturity date of the debt agreement. There is no income tax expense resulting from this amortization. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense was reduced by and , respectively, and and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for amortization of the unrealized gain on this swap previously recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's unamortized unrealized gain on interest rate swap derivative in accumulated other comprehensive income and noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership in the Company's consolidated balance sheet amounted to . The Company estimates that of the remaining unrealized gain on interest rate swap derivative will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income and noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership as a reduction to interest expense in the Company's accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations over the remaining three months in 2024. 
 The second interest rate swap derivative on the additional Term Loan was not designated as a cash flow hedge for financial accounting purposes. The decreases in the fair value of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, were recorded as unrealized losses on interest rate swap valuation and reflected as increases in interest expense in the Company's accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The unrealized losses on the second swap during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflect recent decreases in the forward curve for future SOFR rates through December 31, 2024 (the one-time cancellation option date). The increases in the fair value of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, were recorded as unrealized gains on the interest rate swap valuation and reflected as reductions to interest expense in the Company s accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 shares of preferred stock. In connection with an underwritten public offering in September 2021 (discussed below in detail), the Company classified and designated shares of its authorized preferred stock as authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, shares of authorized Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 
 Series A Preferred Stock - Terms 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends in the amount of per share each year, which is equivalent to the rate of of the liquidation preference per share per annum. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed, converted or otherwise repurchased. Except in limited circumstances relating to the Company's qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and as described in the articles supplementary governing the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Articles Supplementary ), the Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable prior to September 17, 2026. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 per share, plus an amount equal to all dividends accrued and unpaid (whether or not authorized or declared), if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or a Change of Control (each as defined in the Articles Supplementary), the Company may, subject to certain conditions, at its option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, (i) after the first date on which the Delisting Event occurred or (ii) on, or within days after, the first date on which the Change of Control occurred, as applicable, by paying the liquidation preference of per share, plus an amount equal to all dividends accrued and unpaid (whether or not authorized or declared), if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control during a continuing Delisting Event, unless the Company has elected to exercise its redemption right, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have certain rights to convert the Series A Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s Class C Common Stock. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event, the dividend rate will be increased on the day after the occurrence of the Delisting Event by per annum to the rate of of the liquidation preference per share per annum (equivalent to per share each year) from and after the date of the Delisting Event. Following the cure of such Delisting Event, the dividend rate will revert to the rate of of the liquidation preference per share per annum. The necessary conditions to convert the Series A Preferred Stock into the Company's Class C Common Stock have not been met as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company's Class C Common Stock with respect to dividend rights and rights upon the Company s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Voting rights for holders of Series A Preferred Stock exist primarily with respect to the ability to elect additional directors to the board of directors if or more quarterly dividends (whether or not authorized or declared or consecutive) payable on the Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears, and with respect to voting on amendments to the Company s charter (which includes the Articles Supplementary) that materially and adversely affect the rights of the Series A Preferred Stock or create additional classes or series of shares of the Company s capital stock that are senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. Other than the limited circumstances described above and in the Articles Supplementary, holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. 
 Series A Preferred Stock Dividends 
 Dividends on the Company's Series A Preferred Stock accrue in an amount equal to per share each year per share each quarter) to holders of Series A Preferred Stock, which is equivalent to of the liquidation preference per share per annum. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if not a business day, the next succeeding business day) to holders of record on the applicable record date. Any accrued and unpaid dividends payable with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock become part of the liquidation preference thereof. 
 On March 1, 2024 and March 9, 2023, the Company s board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of for the first quarters of 2024 and 2023. The amounts were accrued as of March 31, 2024 and 2023 and were paid on April 15, 2024 and April 17, 2023, respectively. On May 1, 2024 and June 15, 2023, the Company s board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of for the second quarters of 2024 and 2023. The amounts were accrued as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 and were paid on July 15, 2024 and July 17, 2023, respectively. On July 31, 2024 and August 7, 2023, the Company s board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023. The amounts were accrued as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 and were paid on October 15, 2024 (see Note 14 and October 16, 2023, respectively. 
 Common Stock Offerings 
 On March 30, 2022, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-263985), and on May 27, 2022, the Company filed Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3, to issue and sell from time to time, together or separately, the following securities at an aggregate public offering price that will not exceed : Class C Common Stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights and units. The Form S-3, as amended, became effective on June 2, 2022 and the Company filed a prospectus supplement for the Company's at-the-market offering of up to of its Class C Common Stock (the ATM Offering on June 6, 2022 (the ATM Prospectus ). 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class C Common Stock for , net of sales commissions of . On September 9, 2024, the ATM Offering resumed and the Company sold and issued shares of Class C Common Stock at an average price of per share for , net of sales commissions of during September 2024, resulting in net proceeds of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, after legal, accounting, investor relations and other offering costs of . 
 Common Stock Repurchase 
 See Notes 1 and 12 for a description of the repurchase of shares of Class C Common Stock held by First City, an affiliate of Group of Trophy, LLC, on August 1, 2024. 
 Common Stock Distributions 
 Aggregate distributions declared per share of Class C Common Stock were for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; which reflect an annualized distribution rate of per share for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 
 Value of shares issued for services rendered Total Number of shares issued for services rendered 
 Transactions with Other Related Parties 
 On January 31, 2022, the Company acquired an industrial property and related equipment leased to Kalera Inc. Kalera in Saint Paul, Minnesota, for . Kalera was introduced to the Company by Curtis B. McWilliams, a former director of the Company. Since Mr. McWilliams was serving as a director of the Company and as an executive of Kalera at the time of the acquisition, all of the disinterested members of the Company s board of directors approved this transaction in January 2022. Mr. McWilliams resigned as a director of the Company effective September 18, 2024. His resignation was not due to any disagreement with the Company, the Company s board of directors, or the Company s management on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies, or practices, including the Kalera bankruptcy. 
 On April 4, 2023, Kalera filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code and Mr. McWilliams was appointed as Kalera s independent director as Kalera continued to operate its business while in bankruptcy. Mr. McWilliams served as Kalera Inc. s independent director from April 2023 until December 2023 and, while he was an independent director of the Company, recused himself from any matters that related to the Company s property in Saint Paul, Minnesota which was previously leased to Kalera (see in Note 11 for additional information on the Saint Paul, Minnesota property). 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Company's share in TIC management fee expense 
 
 Stock and OP Unit Repurchases from Related Party 
 See Notes 1 and 12 for a description of the Company s repurchases of Class C Common Stock and Class C OP Units from First City Investment Group, LLC which were completed on August 1, 2024. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 and , respectively, for on-site building and tenant improvements to be incurred by tenants. 
 Legal Matters 
 From time-to-time, the Company or its subsidiaries may become party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Except for the Kalera bankruptcy proceeding, the Company, including its subsidiaries, is not a party to any legal proceeding, nor is the Company aware of any pending or threatened litigation that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition should such litigation be resolved unfavorably. 
 On October 31, 2023, Kalera filed a motion with the bankruptcy court to reject the Company s lease and abandon all of its property located at the premises in Saint Paul, Minnesota effective as of October 31, 2023, subject to approval of the motion by the bankruptcy court. On November 21, 2023, the Company filed (i) a limited objection to retroactive rejection of its lease and (ii) a motion to compel Kalera to pay post-petition rent and related charges with the bankruptcy court. The Company and Kalera entered into a settlement agreement for these claims on March 18, 2024, which was approved by the bankruptcy court on April 12, 2024. Kalera s revised motion to reject the Company s lease effective as of October 31, 2023 was approved by the bankruptcy court on June 28, 2024. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12. 
 Class P 
 Class R 
 Total 
 The Class C OP Units are exchangeable for the Company s shares of Class C Common Stock on a -for-1 basis, or for cash at the sole and absolute discretion of the Company. 
 For the three months ended March 31, 2024, was charged to stock compensation expense for the final vesting of the Class P OP Units and was charged to stock compensation expense for the final vesting of the Class R OP Units. 
 Class R OP Units - Time Vested Units 
 Class R OP Units - Performance Vested Units 
 Class C Common Stock issued to the board of directors for services (see Note 10 
 Total 
 Purchase of Class C OP Units and Repurchase of Class C Common Stock 
 On February 15, 2024, the Class C OP Units issued to Group of Trophy, LLC in January 2022 were assigned to its affiliate, First City, and on February 16, 2024, of these Class C OP Units were exchanged for Class C Common Stock. On July 31, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with First City to purchase the remaining Class C OP Units held by First City and to repurchase shares of Class C Common Stock also held by First City. Under this agreement, the purchase price was based on the average daily closing price of the Class C Common Stock on the NYSE for the consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date that the Company received notice from First City on July 29, 2024 that it would like to consummate the closing, as prescribed by the Operating Partnership agreement. The transaction closed on August 1, 2024 at a price of , for total net consideration of . The Company funded this transaction with available cash on hand. As a result of this transaction, the KIA auto dealership property is no longer subject to a tax protection agreement. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Class C OP Units net (loss) income allocation 
 ) ) ) 
 
 NOTE 13.) ) ) Less: net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership (a) 
 ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Numerator - Diluted: Net (loss) income ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Class C OP Units (b) 
 Weighted average shares and units outstanding - diluted 
 (Loss) earnings per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) (Loss) earnings per share attributable to common stockholders and noncontrolling interests: 
 Diluted ) ) ) 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Class M OP Units, Class P OP Units, and Class R OP Units, discussed in Note 12, was excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive since the units did not vest until the first quarter of 2024 and were not yet entitled to participate in earnings (losses). 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 for the third quarter of 2024, which were declared by the Company s board of directors on July 31, 2024. 
 On November 4, 2024, the Company s board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of for the fourth quarter of 2024, which are scheduled to be paid on January 15, 2025. 
 Common Stock and Class C OP Unit Distributions 
 On October 25, 2024, the Company paid its monthly distributions of per share to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders of record as of September 30, 2024, which were authorized by the Company's board of directors on May 1, 2024. 
 On July 31, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized monthly distributions payable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders of record as of October 31, 2024, November 29, 2024 and December 31, 2024, which will paid on or about November 25, 2024, December 24, 2024 and January 27, 2025, respectively. The monthly distribution amount of per share represents an annualized distribution rate of per share of common stock. 
 On November 4, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized a 1.7 increase in the annual distribution rate from 1.15 per share to 1.17 per share commencing with monthly distributions payable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders of record as of January 31, 2025, February 28, 2025 and March 31, 2025, which will be paid on or about February 25, 2025, March 25, 2025 and April 25, 2025, respectively. 
 On November 4, 2024, the Company, with the authorization of the board of directors of the Company, increased the discount for the purchase price of shares of Class C Common Stock under the Company s DRP from 3 to 5 , which will go into effect on December 7, 2024. 
 ATM Offering 
 From October 1, 2024 through October 15, 2024, the Company sold and issued shares of Class C Common Stock at an average price of for net of sales commissions of , in connection with the ATM Offering. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 , from November 1, 2025 through October 31, 2030 with annual rate increases of . Labcorp has remaining option to extend its lease for an additional . 
 Real Estate Acquisition 
 On October 31, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire an industrial property through an UPREIT transaction wherein the contributor is scheduled to receive Class C OP Units valued at , based on an agreed upon value of per Class C OP Unit. The property is located in the Jacksonville, Florida metropolitan statistical area and is subject to an existing lease that expires on December 31, 2032, with annual rent escalations based on the consumer price index. The tenant, Science Interactive Group, LLC, specializes in educational science equipment, providing resources designed to support hands-on learning for students from K-12 to higher education. The Company priced this transaction at an cap rate in conjunction with a rent increase effective July 1, 2025. The transaction remains subject to completion of due diligence and customary closing conditions. The contributor is not affiliated with the Company or its affiliates. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows together with the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 7, 2024. 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On a regular basis, we evaluate these estimates. These estimates are based on management s historical industry experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and we intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provisions created thereby. For this purpose, any statements made that are not historical or current facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as anticipates, believes, seeks, estimates, expects, intends, continue, can, may, plans, potential, projects, should, could, will, would or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. 
 The forward-looking statements included herein represent our management s current expectations and assumptions based on information available as of the date of this report. These statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Readers should carefully review these risks, as well as the additional risks described in other documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC including the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A., Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. In light of the significant risks and uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that such results will be achieved, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking information, which speak only as of the date of this report. 
 New risks and uncertainties emerge from time-to-time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual future results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. 
 Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation with issued and outstanding stock consisting of Series A Preferred Stock, listed on the NYSE under the symbol MDV.PA, and Class C Common Stock, listed on the NYSE under the symbol MDV. We currently own and manage single-tenant net-lease properties throughout the United States, which are primarily, but not exclusively, industrial properties. Our focus for future acquisitions is on critical industrial manufacturing properties with long-term leases to tenants that fuel the national economy and strengthen the nation's supply chains. We elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016. We believe that we have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Since December 31, 2019, we have been internally managed. 
 
 The Company 
 We primarily generate revenues by leasing properties to industrial manufacturing tenants pursuant to net leases. As of September 30, 2024, our real estate investment portfolio consisted of 43 properties as further described below. The net book value of our real estate investments as of September 30, 2024 was 477,691,631. 
 Details of our diversified portfolio of 43 operating properties, including an approximate 72.7 tenant-in-common interest in a Santa Clara, California industrial property (the TIC Interest ), as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 39 industrial properties, which represent approximately 77 of the portfolio (expressed as a percentage of annualized base rent ABR ), of 40,205,913 as of September 30, 2024) and include the TIC Interest, and four non-core properties which represent approximately 23 of the portfolio by ABR; 
 33 of the portfolio by ABR is leased by investment grade tenants; 
 Weighted average remaining lease term WALT ), excluding tenant rights to extend leases, of approximately 13.8 years; 
 Occupancy rate of 98 based on square footage; 
 Located in 15 states; 
 Leased to 29 different commercial tenants doing business in 12 separate industries; 
 Approximately 4.5 million square feet of aggregate leasable space, including the TIC Interest; 
 An average leasable space per property of approximately 105,000 square feet; approximately 108,000 square feet per industrial property and approximately 76,000 square feet per non-core property; and 
 Outstanding mortgage notes payable balance of 31,011,068 for two consolidated properties and credit facility term loan balance of 250,000,000. 
 On January 10, 2024 and February 28, 2024, we sold one industrial real estate property and one office real estate property, respectively, with aggregate leasable area of 163,230 square feet for aggregate contract sales prices of 15,265,000 with net proceeds of 15,022,626 (net of commissions and closing costs) and net gains on sales of 3,359,807. 
 31 

Recent Events and Uncertainties 
 There are continuing significant uncertainties in the market in which we operate related to inflation and interest rates, the 2024 presidential election in the U.S., and negative impacts associated with the violence and unrest in the Middle East, the ongoing Russian war against Ukraine and sanctions which have been implemented by the United States and other countries against Russia and Iran. Volatility in stock and bond markets, and particularly the uncertainty regarding if and when the Federal Reserve may continue to cut interest rates may negatively impact our operating results, liquidity and sources of borrowings. 
 The debt market remains sensitive to the macro environment, such as inflation, Federal Reserve interest rate policy, lingering impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on office properties, market sentiment and regulatory factors affecting the banking and commercial mortgage-backed securities industries. We, our tenants and operating partners are impacted by currently elevated inflation and interest rates. While the rate of inflation has declined from historic highs, inflation remains above the Federal Reserve's 2 target and there is continued uncertainty over the future rate of inflation and interest rates. Depending on the future course of inflation, as well as other macroeconomic factors, the Federal Reserve's September 2024 reduction in the federal funds rate may not be followed by additional reductions as they continue to try to rein in inflation. Such action or inaction could contribute to a recession and would negatively impact our future results due to higher borrowing costs on any future borrowing. As of September 30, 2024, 100 of our 281,011,068 outstanding debt is at fixed rates with a weighted average rate of 4.52 as a result of the swap agreements entered into in May 2022 and October 2022. The Company has evaluated various alternatives available to enter into new swap agreements given that it anticipates the exercise of the cancellation options discussed above and intends to implement a new hedging arrangement prior to December 31, 2024. 
 In addition, continued elevated interest rates would make the costs of future borrowing and refinancing of our current indebtedness more expensive for us. Any future uncertainties in the capital markets may cause difficulty in refinancing debt obligations prior to maturity at terms as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. If we are not able to refinance our indebtedness on attractive terms, or at all, at the various maturity dates, we may be forced to dispose of some of our assets. Market conditions can change quickly, potentially negatively impacting the value of real estate investments. However, including extensions available on our Revolver, we do not have any debt maturities prior to January 2027. 
 Possible future declines in rental rates and expectations of future rental concessions, including free rent to renew tenants early, to retain tenants who are up for renewal, or to attract new tenants, may result in decreases in cash flows from our office properties. We expect these impacts to be less significant to us because our real estate portfolio includes only three office properties, one of which, our office property in Issaquah, Washington is under contract to be sold as described in Note 3 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our office property in Rancho Cordova, California is leased to the State of California s Office of Emergency Services OES until December 31, 2034. 
 Potential future declines in economic conditions could negatively impact commercial real estate fundamentals and result in lower occupancy, lower rental rates and declining values in our real estate portfolio, which could have the following negative effects on us: the values of our investments in commercial properties could decrease below the amounts paid for such investments; and/or revenues from our properties could decrease due to fewer tenants, lower rental rates or tenants having difficulties meeting their contractual obligations, making it more difficult for us to make distributions or meet our debt service obligations. In addition, sustained elevated inflation rates may negatively impact our longer term leases if contractual rent increases are not sufficient to keep up with market leases. 
 We successfully negotiated lease extensions for one property in the third quarter of 2024 and three properties during 2023; however, changing circumstances may make future lease extensions more difficult. We have two leases expiring in the next 12 months (both at the end of July 2025), one of which is the office property in Issaquah, Washington that is under contract to be sold as discussed in Note 3 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Generally, our cash requirements for property acquisitions, debt payments and refinancings, capital expenditures and other investments will be funded by bank borrowings through our Credit Facility, mortgage indebtedness on our properties, real estate property sales, internally generated funds, and/or offerings of shares of Class C Common Stock including through our ATM Offering, through which we raised 3,260,959, net of commissions and offering costs of 517,981 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and an additional 1,291,619, net of commissions of 29,055 from October 1, 2024 through October 15, 2024. 
 Purchases of properties in the near-term will be funded primarily with cash on hand, proceeds from our ATM Offering and potential proceeds from dispositions of remaining non-core properties. We have 150 million of borrowing capacity available under our Credit Facility (defined below), which we may utilize in the near or medium-term if we identify attractive investment opportunities in advance of completing dispositions or raising additional equity, which could result in temporary increases in leverage. 
 Our cash requirements for operating and interest expenses, dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock, and distributions on our Class C Common Stock will be funded by internally generated funds. We expect to have adequate liquidity to meet our cash requirements for the next 12 months and beyond. 
 Credit Facility and Mortgages 
 Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (our Operating Partnership ), entered into an agreement for a line of credit (the Credit Agreement on January 18, 2022, which was amended on October 21, 2022, and currently provides a 400,000,000 line of credit agreement comprised of a 150,000,000 four-year revolving line of credit (the Revolver ), which may be extended by up to 12 months subject to certain conditions, and a 250,000,000 five-year term loan Term Loan with KeyBank National Association KeyBank and the other lending institutions party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), including KeyBank as Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Agent ), as further described in Note 7 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Credit Facility is available for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, repayment of existing indebtedness and capital expenditures. 
 The Credit Facility includes an accordion option that allows us to request additional Revolver and Term Loan lender commitments up to a total of 750,000,000 subject to customary conditions, including the receipt of new commitments from the Lenders. The Revolver s maturity is in January 2026 with options to extend for a total of 12 months, and the Term Loan s maturity is in January 2027. 
 The Credit Facility is priced on a leverage-based grid that fluctuates based on our actual leverage ratio at the end of the prior quarter. With our leverage ratio at 48 as of September 30, 2024, the spread over SOFR, including a 10-basis point credit adjustment, is 185 basis points for the Revolver. Therefore, the interest rate on the Revolver was 6.7250 as of October 31, 2024; although there was no outstanding balance on the Revolver. We also pay an annual unused fee of up to 25 basis points on the Revolver, depending on the daily amount of the unused commitment, and paid total unused fees of 95,833 and 94,525 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 285,416 and 282,983 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On May 10, 2022, we entered into a swap agreement, effective from May 31, 2022 to January 17, 2027, subject to our counterparty s one-time cancellation option on December 31, 2024, to fix SOFR at 2.258 with respect to our original 150,000,000 Term Loan. We granted the cancellation option because it reduced the swap rate by approximately 50 basis points. This swap agreement resulted in a fixed interest rate of 4.058 on our original 150,000,000 Term Loan based on our leverage ratio of 48 as of September 30, 2024, as described in Note 8 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 33 

On October 26, 2022, we entered into a swap agreement, effective from November 30, 2022 to November 30, 2027, subject to our counterparty s one-time cancellation option on December 31, 2024, to fix SOFR at 3.44 with respect to our expanded Term Loan. We granted the cancellation option because it reduced the swap rate by approximately 50 basis points. This swap agreement resulted in a fixed interest rate of 5.24 on the additional 100,000,000 borrowed under the expanded Term Loan based on our leverage ratio of 48 as of September 30, 2024, as described in Note 8 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal balance of our mortgage notes payable on the operating properties was 31,011,068 and 31,200,000, respectively, our Revolver outstanding principal balance was zero, and our Term Loan outstanding principal balance was 250,000,000 as of both balance sheet dates. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our approximately 72.7 pro-rata share of the TIC Interest s mortgage note payable was 9,078,403 and 9,256,466, respectively, which is not included in our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Compliance with All Debt Agreements 
 Pursuant to the terms of our Credit Facility and our two mortgage notes payable secured by certain of our properties, we and/or our subsidiary borrowers are subject to certain financial loan covenants. We and/or our subsidiary borrowers were in compliance with such financial loan covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions of Real Estate Investments 
 Acquisitions: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 On July 15, 2024, we acquired an industrial manufacturing property that produces optical systems for the defense and aerospace industries for 5,125,000. The property is located in the Tampa, Florida metropolitan area and the tenant entered into a 20-year sale-leaseback agreement at an initial cap rate of 8.00 and a weighted average cap rate of 10.59 , with annual rent escalations of 2.85 . We define initial cap rate for property acquisitions as the initial annual cash rent divided by the purchase price of the property and we define weighted average cap rate as the average annual cash rent including rent escalations over the lease term, divided by the purchase price of the property. The total acquisition cost, including legal fees and transaction costs, was 5,183,443, which we funded with available cash on hand. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we acquired 12 industrial manufacturing real estate properties for 129,753,499. These properties are located in Princeton, Savage, Detroit Lakes and Plymouth, Minnesota; Gap and Reading, Pennsylvania; Roscoe Illinois; Lansing, Michigan; Ashland and Piqua, Ohio; Alleyton, Texas; and Andrews, South Carolina and had a weighted average lease term of approximately 20.6 years at acquisition. 
 Dispositions: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold two real estate properties (one industrial with a lease expiring at the end of 2024 and one office) comprised of 163,230 square feet and a land parcel which was part of an industrial property in Canal Fulton, Ohio, which was sold to the city to be converted into a park, for aggregate contract sales prices of 15,265,000, with net proceeds of 15,022,626 (net of commissions and closing costs) and net gains on sales of 3,359,807 (see Note 3 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details of these dispositions). 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold 14 non-core real estate properties (11 retail and three office) comprised of 241,795 square feet for aggregate contract sales prices of 47,466,960, with net proceeds of 44,473,792 (net of commissions and closing costs) and a net loss on sales of 1,708,801 (see Note 3 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details of these dispositions). 
 34 

Capital Expenditures and Tenant Improvements 
 Other than as discussed below, we do not have plans to incur any significant costs to renovate, improve or develop our properties. We believe that our properties are adequately insured. Pursuant to lease agreements, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had obligations to pay 3,040,236 and 2,439,098, respectively, for future on-site building and tenant improvements to be incurred by tenants. We expect that such improvements will be funded with cash on hand, operating cash flow, borrowings under our Credit Facility or potential offerings of shares of Class C Common Stock. 
 In addition, we have identified approximately 497,162 of capital expenditures that are expected to be completed in the next 12 months that are not recoverable from tenants with double-net leases. These improvements will be funded from cash on hand or operating cash flows. More information on our properties and investments can be found in Note 3 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 12,835,060 11,210,166 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 9,881,100 (90,995,924) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (19,020,727) 76,818,719 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 The increase in cash provided by operating activities of 1,624,894 primarily reflects a decrease in property expenses which resulted from the August 2023 sale of properties subject to gross leases. The decrease in property expense was partially offset by an increase in interest expense, net of derivative cash receipts, during the first nine months of 2024 compared with the first nine months of 2023. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 The net cash provided by investing activities during the first nine months of 2024 primarily reflects the net proceeds from the sale of two real estate properties and a land parcel aggregating 15,022,626, partially offset by the cost of one acquisition and building additions aggregating 6,946,143. The net cash used in investing activities for the first nine months of 2023 primarily reflects funds used for acquisitions of 12 properties aggregating 122,778,215, additions to existing real estate properties of 1,744,462 and net purchase deposits of 1,259,452, offset in part by net proceeds from sale of real estate properties of 34,737,474 during the first nine months of 2023. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 The net cash used in financing activities during the first nine months of 2024 primarily reflects the net cost of repurchasing Class C OP Units and shares of Class C Common Stock for 11,532,768, our dividends and distributions paid to preferred and common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders and monthly repayments of one mortgage note payable, partially offset by net proceeds from the offering of common stock under our ATM in January and September 2024. The net cash provided by financing activities during the first nine months of 2023 primarily reflects our net borrowings of 97,000,000 from the Credit Facility, partially offset by repayments of principal on a mortgage note payable, funds used to repurchase common stock and dividends and distributions paid to preferred and common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders. 
 35 

Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 In order to provide a more complete understanding of the operating performance of a REIT, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit promulgated a measure known as Funds from Operations FFO ). FFO is defined as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains and losses from sales of depreciable operating property, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs and depreciation of non-real estate assets), and after adjustment for unconsolidated investments, preferred dividends and real estate impairments. Because FFO calculations adjust for such items as depreciation and amortization of real estate assets and gains and losses from sales of operating real estate assets (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar conditions based on historical cost accounting and useful-life estimates), they facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and between other REITs. As a result, we believe that the use of FFO, together with the required GAAP presentations, provides a more complete understanding of our performance relative to our competitors and a more informed and appropriate basis on which to make decisions involving operating, financing, and investing activities. It should be noted, however, that other REITs may not define FFO in accordance with the current Nareit definition or may interpret the current Nareit definition differently than we do, making comparisons less meaningful. 
 Additionally, we use Adjusted Funds From Op e rations AFFO as a non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our operating performance. AFFO excludes non-routine and certain non-cash items such as stock-based compensation, amortization of deferred rent, amortization of below/above market lease intangibles, amortization of deferred financing costs, gain or loss from the extinguishment of debt, unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments, and write-offs of due diligence expenses for abandoned pursuits. We also believe that AFFO is a recognized measure of sustainable operating performance of the REIT industry. Further, we believe AFFO is useful in comparing the sustainability of our operating performance with the sustainability of the operating performance of other real estate companies. Management believes that AFFO is a beneficial indicator of our ongoing portfolio performance and ability to sustain our current distribution level. More specifically, AFFO isolates the financial results of our operations. AFFO, however, is not considered an appropriate measure of historical earnings as it excludes certain significant costs that are otherwise included in reported earnings. Further, since the measure is based on historical financial information, AFFO for the period presented may not be indicative of future results or our future ability to pay our dividends. By providing FFO and AFFO, we present information that assists investors in aligning their analysis with management s analysis of long-term operating activities. 
 For all of these reasons, we believe the non-GAAP measures of FFO and AFFO, in addition to income or loss from operations, net income or loss and cash flows from operating activities, as defined by GAAP, are helpful supplemental performance measures and useful to investors in evaluating the performance of our real estate portfolio. AFFO is useful in assisting management and investors in assessing our ongoing ability to generate cash flow from operations and continue as a going concern in future operating periods. However, a material limitation associated with FFO and AFFO is that they are not indicative of our cash available to fund distributions since other uses of cash, such as capital expenditures at our properties and principal payments of debt, are not deducted when calculating FFO and AFFO. Therefore, FFO and AFFO should not be viewed as a more prominent measure of performance than income or loss from operations, net income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities and each should be reviewed in connection with GAAP measurements. 
 Neither the SEC, Nareit, nor any other applicable body has opined on the acceptability of the adjustments contemplated to adjust FFO in order to calculate AFFO and its use as a non-GAAP performance measure. In the future, the SEC or Nareit may decide to standardize the allowable exclusions across the REIT industry, and we may have to adjust the calculation and characterization of this non-GAAP measure. 
 36 

The following are the calculations of FFO and AFFO for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income (in accordance with GAAP) 
 (1,047,736) (6,905,242) 4,851,323 (6,854,210) Preferred stock dividends (921,875) (921,875) (2,765,625) (2,765,625) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders 
 (1,969,611) (7,827,117) 2,085,698 (9,619,835) FFO adjustments: Depreciation and amortization of real estate properties 4,166,992 4,175,209 12,437,021 11,403,603 Amortization of lease incentives 1,197 40,397 (1,391) 217,537 Depreciation and amortization for unconsolidated investment in a real estate property 188,934 187,479 566,787 567,721 Impairment of real estate investment property 3,499,438 (Gain) loss on sale of real estate investments, net 
 (172,001) 1,708,801 (3,359,807) 1,708,801 FFO attributable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders 2,215,511 (1,715,231) 11,728,308 7,777,265 AFFO adjustments: Stock compensation expense 
 75,000 8,469,867 1,521,002 9,790,206 Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 221,496 165,708 664,488 556,134 Abandoned pursuit costs 
 239,191 1,208 239,191 347,598 Amortization of deferred rents (1,284,995) (1,772,403) (4,378,863) (4,528,120) Unrealized loss (gain) on interest rate swap valuation 
 2,422,801 (795,424) 1,683,479 (2,781,840) Amortization of (below) above market lease intangibles, net (211,600) (204,010) (634,798) (596,194) Loss on sale of investment in common stock 4,513 (Increase) decrease in fair value of investment in preferred and common stock 
 (440,000) 20,574 (440,000) Other adjustments for unconsolidated investment in a real estate property 23,825 11,819 71,476 35,457 AFFO attributable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders 3,701,229 3,721,534 10,919,370 10,160,506 Weighted Average Outstanding Shares/Units: 
 Fully diluted (1) 10,959,030 11,128,772 11,245,080 11,022,386 FFO Per Share/Unit: 
 Fully diluted 0.20 (0.23) 1.04 0.71 AFFO Per Share/Unit: 
 Fully diluted 0.34 0.33 0.97 0.92 
 (1) Includes the Class M OP Units which automatically converted to Class C OP Units on January 30, 2024, and Class P and Class R OP Units which automatically converted to Class C OP Units as of March 31, 2024, to compute the fully diluted weighted average number of shares. 
 37 

Property Portfolio Information 
 Following the issuance of our publicly listed Series A Preferred Stock in September 2021, we began to significantly transform our portfolio in furtherance of our strategic plan to reduce our exposure to office properties and increase our WALT. The following is a summary of how we have transformed the composition of our real estate portfolio over time, resulting in a majority of our ABR produced by industrial properties, including the TIC Interest, as shown and described below. 
 Percentage of Annual ABR: 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 
 Industrial core 41 59 76 77 Non-core 59 41 24 23 WALT (years) 6.1 11.9 14.1 13.8 
 Following the public listing of our Class C Common Stock in February 2022, we began to focus exclusively on strategically acquiring industrial manufacturing properties while at the same time continuing the tactical reduction of our non-core properties exposure. To that end, we acquired 15 industrial manufacturing properties and sold eight non-core properties during 2022. 
 In 2023, we acquired 12 more industrial manufacturing properties and made a significant step in transforming our portfolio in August 2023 when we sold 13 non-core properties to Generation Income Properties, Inc. (NASDAQ: GIPR), comprised of 11 retail properties and two office properties (see Notes 3 and 5 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for details), followed by the sale of another office property at the end of August 2023. 
 We continued our transformation in the first nine months of 2024 with the sale of two non-core properties in January and February and the acquisition of an industrial manufacturing property in July 2024. With the July 2024 acquisition, industrial properties now comprise 77 of the portfolio ABR and 23 is attributable to non-core properties. Our goal is to have a portfolio consisting of 100 industrial manufacturing properties over the intermediate-term. 
 The following is a breakdown of our income by property type for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Industrial Core (1) 
 Non-Core (2) 
 Total 
 Total rental income 26,326,958 8,506,500 34,833,458 Management fee income 197,979 197,979 
 (1) Industrial core properties include an approximate 72.7 TIC interest in the Santa Clara, California property. 
 (2) Non-core properties include the following: 
 (i) our non-core acquisition of a leading KIA auto dealership located in a prime location in Los Angeles County acquired in January 2022, which was structured as an UPREIT transaction resulting in a favorable equity issuance of 32,809,550 represented by 1,312,382 units of Class C limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership Class C OP Units at a cost basis of 25 per share. We repurchased 656,191 of those units and 123,809 shares of Class C Common Stock, which had been previously converted from Class C OP Units, at 14.80 per share on August 1, 2024, resulting in the KIA auto dealership property no longer being subject to a tax protection agreement, as described in Notes 1 and 12 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; 
 38 

(ii) our 12-year lease with OES executed in January 2023 for one of our legacy assets located in Rancho Cordova, California that includes an attractive purchase option, which OES may exercise until December 31, 2026. We have received preliminary indications from OES of interest in exercising the option. (We define legacy assets as those that were acquired by different management teams utilizing different investment objectives and underwriting criteria); 
 (iii) our legacy property leased to Costco located in Issaquah, Washington, which offers compelling redevelopment opportunities following Costco's lease expiration given its higher density infill location and the fact that the land is zoned to allow for multi-family development. We entered into a purchase and sale agreement with KB Home, a national homebuilder, for the sale of this property in January 2024 and the buyer made a substantial non-refundable deposit in May 2024 (see Note 3 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details of the pending sale); and 
 (iv) two legacy office properties, including a property leased to Solar Turbines that we expect to sell after we complete a parcel split to maximize its value and a property leased to Cummins that was sold on February 28, 2024 (see Note 3 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details of this sale). 
 The following is a breakdown of our assets by property type: 
 As of September 30, 2024 Industrial Core (1) 
 Non-Core (2) 
 Total investments in real estate property 392,991,468 138,548,608 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (46,292,755) (17,045,879) Total real estate investments, net, excluding unconsolidated investment in real estate property 346,698,713 121,502,729 Unconsolidated investment in a real estate property (3) 
 9,490,189 Total real estate investments, net 356,188,902 121,502,729 Tenant deferred rent and other receivables 12,033,917 5,354,202 Above-market lease intangibles, net 1,258,460 Prepaid expenses and other assets 1,259,223 238,949 Total assets 370,740,502 127,095,880 
 (1) See footnote (1) above 
 (2) See footnote (2) above 
 (3) As part of our continued effort to increase balance sheet simplicity, management is currently exploring opportunities to acquire the minority interests in the property in which we hold the TIC Interest, which would result in consolidation of the asset, or to sell the TIC Interest. 
 We have one mortgage secured by an industrial core property and one mortgage secured by a non-core property. All other consolidated properties are financed by our credit facility or are unencumbered. See details of mortgage debt in Note 7 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 39 

Results of Operations 
 As of September 30, 2024, we owned 43 operating properties, including the TIC Interest. We acquired one industrial manufacturing property on July 15, 2024 and 12 industrial manufacturing properties during the first seven months of 2023. We sold two properties (one industrial property with a lease term expiring at the end of 2024 and one office property) during the first quarter of 2024 and 14 properties (11 retail and three non-core) in August 2023. The operating results of the properties that were sold during the first two months of 2024 are included in our continuing results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 We expect that rental income, depreciation expense, and interest expense will increase for the full year of 2024 as compared with the full year of 2023, as a result of the 12 industrial manufacturing property acquisitions during 2023 and one industrial manufacturing property acquired in July 2024, which were partially offset by the sale of 16 properties completed in August 2023 and the first two months of 2024. Our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 may not be indicative of those expected for the full year of 2024. 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Rental Income 
 Rental income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 11,589,370 and 12,500,338, respectively, including tenant reimbursements of 466,625 and 549,327, respectively. The decrease in rental income of 910,968, or 7 , as compared with the third quarter of 2023 primarily reflects the disposition of two properties during the first quarter of 2024 and the sale of 14 properties in August 2023, which included tenant reimbursements for modified gross leases and double-net leases, partially offset by rental income from one industrial manufacturing property acquired on July 15, 2024. Pursuant to most of our lease agreements, tenants are required to pay property operating expenses directly, however some tenants reimburse all or a portion of the property operating expenses which they do not pay directly. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses were 1,660,520 and 1,735,104 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease of 74,584, or 4 , quarter-over-quarter reflects reduced consulting expenses, partially offset by increases in legal and other professional services fees in the current year as compared with the prior year. 
 Stock Compensation Expense 
 Stock compensation expense was 75,000 and 8,469,867 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The significant decrease of 8,394,867 quarter-over-quarter reflects the final amortization expense for our Class P OP Units and our Class R OP Units effective with their automatic conversion to Class C OP Units on the last business day of March 2024. Stock compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 reflects only the portion of independent directors' fees that were paid in common stock. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was 4,166,992 and 4,175,209 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The purchase price of properties acquired is allocated to tangible assets, identifiable intangibles and assumed liabilities, if any, and depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation and amortization expense was generally flat quarter-over-quarter primarily reflecting an increase in depreciation of two real estate properties acquired in the second half of 2023 and one real estate property acquired in July 2024, offset by reductions related to properties sold in August 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. 
 Property Expenses 
 Property expenses were 1,025,051 and 1,195,224 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These expenses primarily relate to property taxes and repairs and maintenance expenses, the majority of which are reimbursed by tenants and included in rental income. The decrease of 170,173, or 14 quarter-over-quarter primarily reflects decreases in property taxes, repairs and maintenance, and insurance related to properties sold during August 2023, offset in part by an increase in non-recoverable environmental insurance expenses. 
 40 

Gain (Loss) on Sale of Real Estate Investments 
 Gain on sale of real estate investment was 172,001 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to a loss on sale of real estate investment of 1,708,801 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The gain on sale of real estate investment for the current quarter reflects the sale in September 2024 of an unutilized land parcel of an operating property, which was sold to the City of Canal Fulton, Ohio as park space. The loss on sale of real estate investments for the prior year quarter includes the 1,887,040 loss on sale of the 13 properties (11 retail and two office) to GIPR on August 10, 2023, partially offset by the 178,239 gain on sale of the flex property sold on August 31, 2023. The loss includes the 2,380,000 difference between the 12,000,000 liquidation value and the 9,620,000 fair value of our investment in GIPR s newly-created Series A Redeemable Preferred Stock received on August 10, 2023 as a portion of the sale proceeds (see Note 5 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details). 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest income was 81,622 and 26,386 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in interest income reflects higher interest rates on higher average cash and cash equivalents balances quarter-over-quarter following the sale of two properties in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Dividend income was 190,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting dividends received on the GIPR preferred shares during the prior year quarter, as described in Note 5 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Income from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property, which reflects our approximate 72.7 TIC Interest in the Santa Clara, California property's results of operations, was 74,509 and 79,166 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in income primarily reflects greater property tax and insurance recoveries in the 2023 period due to delayed timing of reimbursements from the prior year. 
 Interest expense, including unrealized gain or loss on interest rate swaps and net of derivative settlements was 6,103,668 and 2,922,918 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (see Note 7 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for details of the components of interest expense, net). The increase of 3,180,750 quarter-over-quarter primarily reflects the net unrealized loss on swap valuations and related amortization of 2,422,801 which increased interest expense during the third quarter of 2024, compared with the net unrealized gain on swap valuations and related amortization of 795,424 which decreased interest expense during the third quarter of 2023. 
 The change in fair value of our investment in GIPR preferred stock of 440,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2023 reflects the fair value adjustment for the period from August 10, 2023 when the preferred stock was acquired through September 30, 2023. 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Rental Income 
 Rental income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 34,833,458 and 34,648,083, respectively, including tenant reimbursements of 1,534,411 and 2,235,745, respectively. The increase in rental income of 185,375, or 1 , as compared with the first nine months of 2023 primarily reflects the rental income contribution from the addition of 12 industrial manufacturing properties acquired in 2023 and one industrial manufacturing property acquired on July 15, 2024, partially offset by the decrease related to the sale of two properties in the first quarter of 2024 and 14 properties in August 2023, which included tenant reimbursements for modified gross leases and double-net leases. Pursuant to most of our lease agreements, tenants are required to pay or reimburse all or a portion of the property operating expenses. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses were 5,078,814 and 5,240,935 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease of 162,121, or 3 period-over-period primarily reflects reduced consulting costs, partially offset by non-recurring legal and transfer agent costs related to the distribution of GIPR's common stock to our stockholders in January 2024. 
 41 

Stock Compensation Expense 
 Stock compensation expense was 1,521,002 and 9,790,206 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The significant decrease of 8,269,204 as compared with the first nine months of 2023 primarily reflects the first quarter of 2024 stock compensation expense of 1,222,218 for our Class P OP Units and Class R OP Units, which included 733,332 during the first quarter of 2024 related to our achievement of management s performance target for FFO of 1.05 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared with 9,555,205 in the prior period, which included a one-time, non-cash catch-up adjustment of 7,822,197 for performance-based stock compensation expense based on our determination that it was probable that we would achieve management's performance target for FFO of 1.05 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2023. Amortization of the stock compensation expense related to our Class P OP Units and Class R OP Units was completed effective with their automatic conversion to Class C OP Units on the last business day of March 2024. At this time, given there are no other stock incentive awards outstanding, there is no further stock compensation to expense in future periods, other than the portion of independent directors' fees that are paid in common stock. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was 12,437,021 and 11,403,603 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The purchase price of properties acquired is allocated to tangible assets, identifiable intangibles and assumed liabilities, if any, and depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful lives. The increase of 1,033,418, or 9 period-over-period primarily reflects an increase in depreciation of industrial manufacturing properties acquired in 2023 and an industrial manufacturing property acquired on July 15, 2024, partially offset by reductions due to properties sold in August 2023 and the first quarter of 2024, along with reductions in amortization of intangible lease assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to the disposition of properties with acquired leases rather than leases initiated by us. 
 Property Expenses 
 Property expenses were 2,703,076 and 4,429,936 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These expenses primarily relate to property taxes and repairs and maintenance expenses, the majority of which are reimbursed by tenants and included in rental income. The significant decrease of 1,726,860, or 39 period-over-period primarily reflects decreases in repairs and maintenance and property taxes related to 14 properties sold during August 2023, offset in part by an increase in non-recoverable environmental insurance expenses. 
 Impairment of Real Estate Investment Property 
 Impairment of real estate investment property amounted to 3,499,438 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the first quarter of 2023, we determined that the impairment charge was required based on the plan to sell our property in Nashville, Tennessee, which was leased to Cummins and sold on February 28, 2024. The impairment charge represented the excess of the property's carrying value over the property's estimated fair value. We did not incur any impairment of real estate property for the first nine months of 2024. 
 Gain (Loss) on Sale of Real Estate Investments 
 The gain on sale of real estate investments of 3,359,807 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relates to the aggregate gain on sale of two properties (one industrial property with a lease expiration at the end of 2024 and one office property), which were sold during first quarter of 2024 and the gain on sale of a land parcel in September 2024 (see Note 3 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more details of the gain on sale of real estate investments). The loss on sale of real estate investments of 1,708,801 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes the 1,887,040 loss on sale of the 13 properties (11 retail and two office) sold to GIPR on August 10, 2023, partially offset by the 178,239 gain on sale of the flex property sold on August 31, 2023. The loss includes the 2,380,000 difference between the 12,000,000 liquidation value and the 9,620,000 fair value of our investment in GIPR s newly-created Series A Redeemable Preferred Stock received on August 10, 2023 as a portion of the sale proceeds (see Note 5 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details). 
 42 

Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest income was 403,344 and 296,921 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest income for 2024 primarily reflects interest earned on the proceeds from the sale of two properties (one industrial and one office) sold during first two months of 2024 and higher interest rates earned on available cash and cash equivalents. Interest income for 2023 primarily reflects interest earned on cash proceeds from the April 2023 draws on the Term Loan, prior to utilizing such cash to acquire industrial manufacturing properties. 
 Dividend income was 113,328 and 190,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, reflecting dividends received on our investment in GIPR preferred stock for August and September 2023 and January 2024 and dividends received prior to sale of the 171,444 shares of common stock issued by GIPR and retained by us as described in Notes 5 and 6 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Income from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property, which reflects our approximate 72.7 TIC Interest in the Santa Clara, California property's results of operations, was 222,574 and 207,506 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in income primarily reflects an increase in common area maintenance recoveries. 
 Interest expense, including unrealized gain or loss on interest rate swaps and net of derivative settlements was 12,514,167 and 6,761,779 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (see Note 7 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for details of the components of interest expense, net). The significant increase of 5,752,388, or 85 period-over-period, primarily reflects (i) the unrealized loss on interest rate swaps of 1,683,479 which increased interest expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the unrealized gain on interest rate swaps of 2,781,840 which decreased interest expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and (ii) the 2,591,343 net increase in interest expense and unused commitment fees incurred on our Credit Facility due to larger balances outstanding during 2024, since the Term Loan was not fully drawn until April 2023. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of 315,787 in mortgage notes interest expense period-over-period as a result of paying off the mortgage on the property leased to OES in December 2023. 
 Loss on sale of investment in common stock of 4,513 reflects the loss on the sale of our 171,444 shares in GIPR common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We completed the sale of all 171,444 shares by May 9, 2024 at an average price of 3.80 per share for total net proceeds of 652,118. 
 The loss related to the change in fair value of our investment in GIPR common stock of 20,574 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflects the decrease in the fair value of the common stock as of March 31, 2024 compared with December 31, 2023 and the gain related to the change in fair value of our investment in GIPR preferred stock of 440,000 during the first nine months of 2023 reflects the fair value adjustment for the period from August 10, 2023 when the preferred stock was acquired through September 30, 2023. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 Preferred Dividends 
 On March 1, 2024, May 1, 2024 and July 31, 2024, our board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of 921,875 for each of the first, second and third quarters of 2024, which were paid on April 15, 2024, July 15, 2024 and October 15, 2024, respectively. 
 Common Stock Distributions 
 We have historically paid distributions on a monthly basis, and we paid our first distribution on August 10, 2016. The distribution rate is determined by the board of directors based on our financial condition and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. The board of directors has not pre-established a percentage range of return for distributions to stockholders. We have not established a minimum distribution level, and our charter does not require that we make distributions to our stockholders other than as necessary to meet REIT qualification requirements. 
 43 

Beginning with distributions in 2022 when we listed our Class C Common Stock, distributions generally are declared during the month or two prior to the beginning of a quarter and paid based on a month end record date and a monthly rate per share. The distribution rate details for the distribution periods from January 2024 to March 2025 are as follows: 
 Distribution Period Rate Per Share Per Month Declaration Date Payment Date 2024 January 1-31 0.09583300 November 6, 2023 February 28, 2024 February 1-29 0.09583300 November 6, 2023 March 25, 2024 March 1-31 0.09583300 November 6, 2023 April 25, 2024 April 1-30 0.09583300 March 1, 2024 May 28, 2024 May 1-31 0.09583300 March 1, 2024 June 25, 2024 June 1-30 0.09583300 March 1, 2024 July 25, 2024 July 1-31 0.09583300 May 1, 2024 August 26, 2024 August 1-31 0.09583300 May 1, 2024 September 25, 2024 September 1-30 0.09583300 May 1, 2024 October 25, 2024 October 1-31 0.09583300 July 31, 2024 November 25, 2024 (1) November 1-30 0.09583300 July 31, 2024 December 24, 2024 (1) December 1-31 0.09583300 July 31, 2024 January 27,2025 (1) 2025 
 January 1-31 0.09750000 November 4, 2024 February 25, 2025 (1) February 1-28 
 0.09750000 November 4, 2024 March 25, 2025 (1) March 1-31 0.09750000 November 4, 2024 April 25, 2025 (1) 
 (1) Reflects the expected payment date since the distribution has not been paid as of the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Election as a REIT 
 We elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We intend to continue to qualify as a REIT. To continue to qualify and maintain status as a REIT, we must meet certain requirements relating to our organization, sources of income, nature of assets, distributions of income to our stockholders and recordkeeping. As a REIT, we generally would not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders so long as we distribute at least 90 of our annual taxable income (computed without regard to the distributions paid deduction and excluding net capital gains). 
 If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We will not be able to deduct distributions paid to our stockholders in any year in which we fail to qualify as a REIT. We also will be disqualified for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost, unless we are entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income or loss and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to continue to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. No provision for federal income taxes has been made in our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. We are subject to certain state and local taxes related to the operations of properties in certain locations, which have been provided for in our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our accounting policies have been established to conform with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, thus resulting in a different presentation of the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. A discussion of the accounting policies that management considers critical in that they involve significant management judgments, assumptions and estimates is included under Critical Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024. There have been no significant changes to our accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 We may be subject to certain commitments and contingencies with regard to certain transactions (see Note 11 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for discussion of commitments and contingencies). 
 
 Related-Party Transactions and Agreements 
 See Note 10 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for details of the various related-party transactions and agreements. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 See Note 14 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for events that occurred subsequent to September 30, 2024 through the filing date of this report. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 Not applicable as we are a smaller reporting company. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to us, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and we necessarily were required to apply our judgment in evaluating whether the benefits of the controls and procedures that we adopt outweigh their costs. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, an evaluation as of September 30, 2024 was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 45 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 None. 
 For information regarding other legal matters, see Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Matters to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 7, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we issued an aggregate of 4,464 shares of Class C Common Stock to non-employee members of the board of directors for their service as board of directors' members during the third quarter of 2024, based upon elections to receive stock in lieu of cash compensation. Such issuances were made in reliance on the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company, nor the Company itself, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index below are included herewith or incorporated herein by reference. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The following exhibits are included, or incorporated by reference, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Modiv Industrial, Inc. (f/k/a Modiv Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55776) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2021) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Modiv Industrial, Inc., adopted on March 9, 2023 (f/k/a Modiv Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2023) 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary designating 7.375 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2021) 
 3.4 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Modiv Inc. changing its name to Modiv Industrial, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2023) 
 4.1 Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2022) 
 10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 101.SCH INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 101.CAL INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE 101.DEF INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE 101.LAB INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE 101.PRE INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE 104 COVER PAGE INTERACTIVE DATA FILE (FORMATTED AS INLINE XBRL AND CONTAINED IN EXHIBIT 101) Filed herewith. In accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Modiv Industrial, Inc. (Registrant) By: /s/ AARON S. HALFACRE Name: Aaron S. Halfacre Title: Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) By: /s/ RAYMOND J. PACINI Name: Raymond J. Pacini Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 Date: November 5, 2024 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 modivreit-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Aaron S. Halfacre, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the registrant, Modiv Industrial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 s AARON S. HALFACRE Name Aaron S. Halfacre Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 modivreit-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Raymond J. Pacini, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the registrant, Modiv Industrial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 s RAYMOND J. PACINI Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 modivreit-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 Each of the undersigned officers of Modiv Industrial, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, for purposes of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s AARON S. HALFACRE Name Aaron S. Halfacre Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s RAYMOND J. PACINI Name Raymond J. Pacini Date November 5, 2024 
 Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates this certification by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cik0001645873-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cik0001645873-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cik0001645873-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cik0001645873-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cik0001645873-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

