<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241227_10-Q_edgar_data_1836100_0001493152-24-052179.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5712804</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134011</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>972785</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1607733</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1320544</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1546107</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-052179.hdr.sgml : 20241227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241226201933
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-052179
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goal Acquisitions Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001836100
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				853660880
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40026
		FILM NUMBER:		241582049

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13001 W. HWY 71
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-287-1871

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13001 W. HWY 71
		STREET 2:		SUITE 201
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-052179.txt : 20241227

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________to __________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or others jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Not
Applicable 

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

None 

None 

None 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes
 No 

As
of December 26, 2024, a total of shares of common stock, par value per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Goal
Acquisitions Corp. 

 Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q 

 Table
of Contents 

Page 
 No. 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 7 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 28 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 28 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Other Information 
 28 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Exhibits 
 29 
 
 Signatures 
 30 

- 2 - 

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Financial Statements 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Restricted Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Due from Sponsor 

Forward Purchase Agreement proceeds receivable from Sponsor 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Marketable securities held in the trust account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to Trust Account 

Sponsor loans issued under the Expense Advancement Agreement 

Income taxes payable 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Advances - Related Party 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Warrant liabilities 

Forward Purchase Agreement liability 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 6) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

- 3 - 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

For the Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Operating costs 

Business combination expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account 

Change in fair value of forward Purchase Agreement liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Total other income, net 

(Loss) income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, non-redeemable common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

- 4 - 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (UNAUDITED) 

FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Balance 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net income 

Net income (loss) 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

- 5 - 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

2024 
 2023 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and investments held in the Trust Account 

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in current assets and current liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Forward Purchase Agreement proceeds receivable from Sponsor 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Principal deposited in Trust Account in connection with monthly extension deposits 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for redemption of common shares 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Redemption of common shares 

Proceeds from sponsor loans issued under the Expense Advancement Agreement 

Proceeds received in connection with Forward Purchase Agreement 

Advances from Sponsor 

Repayment of advances from Sponsor 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities: 

Remeasurement of common shares subject to redemption 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Accrual of amount to be funded by Sponsor for overwithdrawal of Trust Account 

Reconciliation of Cash and Restricted Cash: 

Cash Beginning of Year 

Restricted Cash Beginning of Year 

Cash and Restricted Cash Beginning of Year 

Cash End of Year 

Restricted Cash End of Year 

Cash and Restricted Cash End of Year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

- 6 - 

GOAL
ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the common stock
included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units ), at a price of 
per Private Unit to Goal Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating total gross proceeds of . 

The
Company granted the underwriters in the IPO a 45-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any. On February 24, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of
the additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ). The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a
price of per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of . On February 24, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and
sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Units (together with the IPO Private
Placement, the Private Placements ), generating gross proceeds of . 

Transaction
costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting discount, and of other offering costs. 

Trust
Account 

Following
the closing of the IPO on February 16, 2021 and the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on February 24, 2021,
 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO, the sale of Over-Allotment Units, and the sale
of the Private Units was placed in a Trust Account, which are held as cash or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the
meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company
Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the
funds in the Trust Account. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
Company will provide holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated
to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect
to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary
equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement (the First
Trust Agreement Amendment ), dated February 10, 2021 (the Investment Management Trust Agreement ), by and between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental ), to change the date on which Continental must
commence liquidation of the amount on deposit in the trust account (the Trust Account established in connection with the
Company s IPO from February 16, 2023 to March 18, 2023, subject to extension by the board of directors for up to five additional
thirty-day periods (the latest of which such date (August 15, 2023 if the board of directors exercises all five extensions). The Board
exercised all five additional thirty-day extensions. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company s stockholders also approved an amendment (the First Charter Amendment to the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Charter to (i) extend the initial period of time by which
the Company has to consummate an initial business combination through August 15, 2023 and (ii) make other related administrative and
technical changes in the Charter, in each case, pursuant to an amendment in the form set forth in Annex A of the proxy statement the
Company filed with the SEC on January 9, 2023. The Company filed the First Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware on February 8, 2023. 

In
connection with the Company s stockholders approval and implementation of the First Charter Amendment, the holders of 
shares of the Company s common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . Following such redemptions, Public Shares
remained outstanding. 

On
August 14, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment (the Second Trust Agreement Amendment to the Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between the Company Continental, to change the date on which Continental
must commence liquidation of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s initial public
offering from August 16, 2023 to August 23, 2023, subject to extension by the board of directors on a day-by-day basis, with the ability
to extend up to seven days at a time in advance, for a maximum of ninety-days, or November 15, 2023. 

On
August 14, 2023, the Company s stockholders also approved an amendment (the Second Charter Amendment to the Charter
to (i) extend the initial period of time by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination to November 14, 2023
and (ii) make other administrative and technical changes in the Charter in connection with the new termination date, in each case, pursuant
to an amendment in the form set forth in Annex A of the proxy statement. The Company filed the Second Charter Amendment with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware on August 14, 2023. 

In
connection with the stockholders approval and implementation of the Second Charter Amendment proposal, the holders of 
Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of . Following such redemptions, Public Shares remained outstanding. 

On
November 8, 2023, the Company held a meeting and approved an amendment to the Charter (the Third Charter Amendment to
extend the initial period of time by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination to February 10, 2024. In connection
with the stockholders approval and implementation of the Third Charter Amendment proposal, the holders of Public Shares
exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of . Following such redemptions, Public Shares remained outstanding. 

On
February 7, 2024, the Company approved an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Third Trust Agreement Amendment ),
dated February 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to change the date on which Continental
must commence liquidation of the amount on deposit in the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public
offering from February 10, 2024 to August 8, 2024. 

On
February 7, 2024, the Company s stockholders also approved an amendment to the Charter (the Fourth Charter Amendment to the Charter to extend the period of time by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination to August 8, 2024.In
connection with the stockholders approval and implementation of the Fourth Charter Amendment proposal, the holders of Public
Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately . Following such redemptions, Public Shares remained outstanding. 

On
February 12, 2024, the Company received a written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that it was no longer in compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Company
has filed an appeal of this decision and will present it s case in front of a Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel was
held on April 16, 2024. On May 7, 2024, the Company received the decision from the Panel notifying the Company that the trading in the
Company s securities was suspended at the open of trading on May 9, 2024. The Company had a 15 day window to appeal; the Company
did not proceed with filing an appeal after the determination was received. 

On
April 1, 2024, 

On
April 23, 2024, 

On
August 6, 2024, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Charter (the Fifth Charter Amendment to
(i) extend the period of time by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination from August 8, 2024 to May 8, 2025
(the New Termination Date and (ii) make other administrative and technical changes in the Charter in connection with the
New Termination Date. In connection with the stockholders approval and implementation of the Fifth Charter Amendment, the holders
of Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share,
for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . Following such redemptions, Public Shares remained outstanding
(see also Note 9). 

The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least immediately prior to or
upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the then outstanding shares
of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the Business Combination are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its Charter, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be
included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required
by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks
stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note
5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. 

Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules, the Charter provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with
whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have agreed (a) to waive redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares
and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the
Charter (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s
initial Business Combination and certain amendments to the Charter or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with
any such amendment. 

As
a result of the stockholder approval of the Trust Agreement Amendment, the Company will have until the New Termination Date to complete
a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period and stockholders do not approve any further amendment to the Charter to further extend the New Termination Date, the
Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the Trust Account including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining
stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the
Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
holders of the Founder Shares have agreed to waive liquidation distributions with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquired Public Shares in or after the IPO, such Public
Shares would be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available
for distribution will be less than the IPO price per Unit ). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such
lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in
the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligation and up to
 for liquidation expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the Trust Account (even if such waiver is deemed to be unenforceable) and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriters of IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (with the exception
of its independent registered public accountant), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Amended
and Restated Business Combination Agreement and Merger Agreement 

On
February 8, 2023, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Amended and Restated Business
Combination Agreement with Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp., a Nevada corporation Goal Nevada ), Digital Virgo Group,
a French corporation soci t par actions simplifi e ( Digital Virgo ), all shareholders of
Digital Virgo (the Digital Virgo Shareholders ), and IODA S.A., in its capacity as the DV Shareholders Representative 
(as defined in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement), which amends and restates the Business Combination Agreement,
dated as of November 17, 2022, by and among the Company, Digital Virgo, and certain other parties in its entirety. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Goal Nevada entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company will, prior to the Closing (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), reincorporate as a Nevada corporation by merging with and into Goal Nevada, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, with Goal Nevada surviving the merger (the Reincorporation Merger ). 

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and after the consummation of the Reincorporation Merger, Digital Virgo will
acquire all of the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada whereby the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada will be exchanged for shares of Digital
Virgo by means of a statutory share exchange under Nevada law (the Exchange ). 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and the Exchange, as well as the Merger Agreement and the Reincorporation Merger,
were approved by the board of directors of the Company. 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto.
The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement is subject to certain conditions
as further described therein. 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed
Merger is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

The
Reincorporation Merger and the Exchange 

Subject
to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Company will, prior to the Closing, reincorporate as
a Nevada corporation by merging with and into Goal Nevada, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with Goal Nevada surviving
the merger. Each unit of the Company (which is comprised of one share of common stock of the Company and one warrant to purchase one
share of common stock of the Company), share of common stock of the Company and warrant to purchase shares of common stock of the Company
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Reincorporation Merger will be converted, respectively, into units
of Goal Nevada, shares of common stock of Goal Nevada and warrants to purchase shares of common stock of Goal Nevada (respectively, Goal
Nevada Units, Goal Nevada Shares and Goal Nevada Warrants on a one-for-one basis, which will have
substantially identical rights, preferences and privileges as the units sold in the Company s IPO and simultaneous private placement,
the Company s common stock, par value per share, and the warrants which were included in the units that were sold in the
Company s IPO and simultaneous private placement. 

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions set forth therein,
Digital Virgo will effect a series of related transactions, in each case, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, including the following: 

Prior
 to the Closing, Digital Virgo will convert into a French public limited company soci t anonyme ); 

After
 the conversion into a French public limited company soci t anonyme and prior to the Closing, Digital Virgo
 and the Digital Virgo Shareholders intend to effect a placement of ordinary shares of Digital Virgo to certain institutional and
 other investors (the PIPE Investors through both primary and/or secondary offerings (the PIPE Investment ),
 including the sale of a number of Digital Virgo ordinary shares held by the Digital Virgo Shareholders in exchange for 
 in cash; 

Immediately
 after the PIPE Investment, Digital Virgo will 

Subject
to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, at the Closing, (i)
Digital Virgo will acquire all of the issued outstanding Goal Nevada Shares pursuant to articles of exchange filed with the Nevada Secretary
of State in accordance with the Nevada Revised Statutes, whereby each issued and outstanding Goal Nevada Share will be exchanged for
one Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Share by means of the Exchange and (ii) each Goal Nevada Warrant will be automatically exchanged for
one warrant issued by Digital Virgo that will be exercisable for one Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Share. All outstanding Goal Nevada
Units will be separated into their underlying securities immediately prior to the Exchange. 

In
addition, at the Closing, (i) Class C preferred shares, par value per share, of Digital Virgo (the DV Earnout
Shares will be issued to and deposited with one or more escrow agents and will be disbursed to the Digital Virgo Shareholders,
in whole or in part, after the Closing, if both an earnout milestone based on EBITDA (as defined in the Amended and Restated
Business Combination Agreement) and a share price milestone are met and (ii) Class C preferred shares, par value 
per share, of Digital Virgo (the Sponsor Earnout Shares will be issued to and deposited with an escrow agent and will
be disbursed to the Sponsor, after the Closing, if a share price milestone is met. The earnout milestone will be met if Digital Virgo s
EBITDA for any fiscal year ending on or before December 31, 2027 is equal or greater than , in which case DV Earnout
Escrow Shares will be released to the Digital Virgo Shareholders. The share price milestone will be met if Digital Virgo s share
price is equal to or greater than for at least 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days (counting only those trading days in which
there is trading activity) from the period starting from the date immediately following the Closing Date and ending on December 31, 2026,
in which case DV Earnout Escrow Shares will be released to the Digital Virgo Shareholders and all of the Sponsor Earnout Shares
will be released to the Sponsor. Any DV Earnout Shares remaining in the earnout escrow account that have not been released to the Digital
Virgo Shareholders will be released to Digital Virgo, and any Sponsor Earnout Shares remaining in the earnout escrow account that have
not been released to the Sponsor will be released to Digital Virgo. The Class C preferred shares of Digital Virgo will have identical
rights to the Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares except that the Class C preferred shares will have no voting rights. If and when
the Class C preferred shares are released from escrow to the Digital Virgo Shareholders or the Sponsor, as applicable, such shares shall
automatically be converted into Digital Virgo Class A Ordinary Shares, on a one-for-one basis, with full voting rights as of their respective
date of disbursement by the escrow agent. EBITDA means the Adjusted EBITDA of Digital Virgo as currently
calculated by Digital Virgo for its reporting requirements under its existing credit facility. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to forfeit shares of common stock of the Company for no consideration effective as of the Closing. 

The
Company has received two notices from Digital Virgo purporting to unilaterally terminate the Amended and restated Business Combination
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.03(d) of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement. Since receipt of that correspondence,
the Company attempted to communicate with Digital Virgo have about these matters to resolve the dispute and proceed with the transaction,
but Digital Virgo has refused. Therefore, the Company commenced Arbitration with the International Chamber of Commerce ICC as prescribed within the Amended and restated Business Combination Agreement to enforce its rights under this agreement. 

On
April 29, 2024 the SEC issued an order declaring Digital Virgo s Registration Statement abandoned. Digital Virgo Group S.A. had
a filed a registration statement to register securities under Section 6(a) of the Securities Act of 1933. This registration statement
had been on file for more than nine months and not yet become effective. Digital Virgo failed to respond to notice under Rule 479 that
the registration statement would be declared abandoned unless it was timely amended or withdrawn; in view of the foregoing, the SEC ordered
that the statement be declared abandoned. 

Other
Agreements 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contemplates the execution of various additional agreements and instruments, including,
among others, an Amended and Restated Sponsor Support Agreement, Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, and Amended and Restated
Initial Shareholders Forfeiture Agreement. 

Use
of Funds Restricted for Payment of Taxes 

From
inception to date, the Company has withdrawn a total of of interest from the Trust Account of which was paid for
franchise taxes. Of the aggregate withdrawals, was restricted for the payment of the Company s income taxes. The Company
utilized of these withdrawals towards funding operating expenses, as well as the monthly extension deposits. As such, the
Company recorded a receivable due from the Sponsor and a related payable to the Trust for as of September 30, 2024. The receivable
reflects the amount due to be reimbursed to the Trust Account from the Sponsor for the funds used for funding operating expenses as well
as the monthly extension deposits. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has restricted cash of and a receivable from the Sponsor
of . The Company intends to deposit back into the Trust Account or use the (or a portion thereof) for
tax obligations until a deposit is made into the trust on a future date. 

The
Company filed its corporate tax return for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of the date of these financial statements, the Company
has not yet remitted any payment for its income taxes and is subject to additional interest and penalties until payment is remitted.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s provision for income taxes included and ,
respectively, for interest and penalties (See Note 2 Income Taxes) . 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had in restricted cash and a working capital deficit of . In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s initial stockholders, or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us with working capital loans. There are currently no amounts outstanding under
any working capital loans. See Note 5 for a description of all the Sponsor and other related party funding transactions. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or its
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company
will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to of such working capital loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 
per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company s net tangible assets were below the threshold for consummating an initial Business
Combination as described above and stated in the Company s Charter. If the Company is successful in consummating an initial Business
Combination, the Company will need to raise additional capital to satisfy this requirement. The Company will need to raise additional
capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s
officers, directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever
amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may
not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, the Company may be required to take
additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will
be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements
- Going Concern, the Company has until the New Termination Date, currently May 8, 2025 to consummate a business combination. It
is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated
by this date and an extension of the period of time the Company has to complete a business combination has not been approved by the Company s
stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. The Company has determined that the Company s
insufficient capital and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and an extension not approved by the stockholders
of the Company, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern one year from the date these financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 8, 2025. The Company intends to continue to complete a business
combination, including the transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Transaction ),
before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the date that these financial
statements were issued. 

The
Company s financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Under
the current rules and regulations of the SEC the Company is not deemed an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act
of 1940 (the Investment Company Act however, on March 30, 2022, the SEC proposed new rules (the Proposed Rules relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company
Act and the regulations thereunder. The Proposed Rules provide a safe harbor for companies from the definition of investment company 
under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration
limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically,
to comply with the safe harbor, the Proposed Rules would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has
entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date
of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial
business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of such registration statement. 

There
is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, which includes the Company like ours.
The Company did not enter into a definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of our registration
statement relating to our IPO and there is a risk that we may not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of such
date. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If the
Company is deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, the Company may be forced to abandon our efforts
to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If the Company is required to liquidate, the Company s
investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation
in the value of the Company s stock and warrants following such a transaction. 

Currently,
the funds in the Company s Trust account are held only in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations
and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act defines an investment company
as any issuer which (i) is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing,
reinvesting, or trading in securities; (ii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the
installment type, or has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding; or (iii) is engaged or proposes to engage
in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities
having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. 

The
longer that the funds in the Company s Trust account are held in money market funds, there is a greater risk that the Company may
be considered an unregistered investment company. In the event the Company is deemed an investment company under the Investment Company
Act, whether based upon the Company s activities, the investment of the Company s funds, or as a result of the Proposed Rules
being adopted by the SEC, the Company may determine that we are required to liquidate the money market funds held in the Company Trust
account and may thereafter hold all funds in our trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of the Company s business
combination or liquidation. As a result, if the Company is to switch all funds to cash, the Company will likely receive minimal interest,
if any, on the funds held in the Company s Trust account after such time, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders
would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic
(i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the
repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 
of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax,
repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of
stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury
(the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or
avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company s stockholders elected to redeem shares for a total of . On August 17, 2023,
the Company s stockholders elected to redeem shares for a total of . On November 8, 2023, the Company s
stockholders elected to redeem shares for a total of . On February 14, 2024, the Company s stockholders elected
to redeem shares for a total of . On August 12, 2024, the Company s stockholders elected to redeem shares
for a total of . As a result of such redemptions, the Company has recorded a excise tax liability in the aggregate amount
of and on the Company s balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The
liability does not impact the Company s statements of operations and is offset against additional paid-in capital or accumulated
deficit if additional paid-in capital is not available. This excise tax liability can be offset by future share issuances within the
same fiscal year which will be evaluated and adjusted in the period in which the issuances occur. 

Any
redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, a vote by stockholders
to extend the period of time to complete a Business Combination or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent
the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on
a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with a Business Combination,
extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other
equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued
within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In
addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment
of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business
Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination, including the Transaction. 

During
the second quarter of 2024, the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise
tax. These regulations provided that the filing and payment deadline for any liability incurred during the period from January 1, 2023
to December 31, 2023 would be October 31, 2024. 

cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company had and 0 of restricted cash, respectively, related to funds withdrawn from the Trust Account reserved for the payment
of income and state franchise taxes. 

and held in money market funds which are invested
primarily in U.S. Treasury securities, respectively. From inception through September 30, 2024, the Company withdrew an aggregate of
 of interest income from the Trust Account of which was used to pay its franchise tax obligations and was utilized
for operating expenses and is included in Due to Trust on the Company s condensed balance sheets. An aggregate amount of principal
and interest of in connection with redemptions and deposited in connection with extension payments. There were
no extension payments paid or required to be paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

. At September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, the Company had not experienced losses on this account. 

and shares of
common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
deficit section of the Company s balance sheets, respectively. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized
the remeasurement from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable common stock resulted
in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption carrying value to redemption value 

Less: 

Redemption of common shares 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

shares of common stock in the aggregate. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common stock 

private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants included as part of the Private
Units as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as
liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
at each balance sheet date until exercised or expired, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statement of
operations. The fair value of warrants issued by the Company in connection with the Private Units have been estimated using Monte-Carlo
simulations at each measurement date (see Note 8). 

The
Company accounts for its prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement (as defined in Note 6) as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815-40.
Accordingly, the Company recognizes the deployments received under the Forward Purchase Agreement as liabilities at fair value and adjusts
the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until
certain contingent repayment conditions are met, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statement of operations.
The fair value of the Forward Purchase Agreement liability has been estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis subject to an estimated
probability of successful outcomes of certain litigation events at each measurement date (see Note 8). 

 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, 
and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate
of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to a valuation allowance change, non-deductible business
combination costs and interest and penalties related to income taxes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the effective
tax rate differs from the statutory rate of due to business combination related expenses and the valuation allowance on the deferred
tax assets. 

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
period, disclosure and transition. 

The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There
were unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024, the Company s provision for income taxes included and , respectively, for interest and penalties. The 
is included in income taxes payable on the Company s condensed balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. The Company is currently
not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

The
Company has identified the United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is subject to income taxation
by major taxing authorities since inception. These examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus
of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect
that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

While
ASC 740 identifies usage of an effective annual tax rate for purposes of an interim provision, it does allow for estimating individual
elements in the current period if they are significant, unusual or infrequent. Computing the effective tax rate for the Company is complicated
due to the potential impact of the timing of any Business Combination expenses and the actual interest income that will be recognized
during the year. The Company has taken a position as to the calculation of income tax expense in a current period based on ASC740-270-25-3
which states, If an entity is unable to estimate a part of its ordinary income (or loss) or the related tax (benefit) but is otherwise
able to make a reasonable estimate, the tax (or benefit) applicable to the item that cannot be estimated shall be reported in the interim
period in which the item is reported. The Company believes its calculation to be a reliable estimate and allows it to properly
take into account the usual elements that can impact its annualized book income and its impact on the effective tax rate. As such, the
Company is computing its taxable loss and associated income tax provision based on actual results through September 30, 2024. 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit in its IPO on February 16, 2021. . Each whole Public Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

On
February 16, 2021, an aggregate of per Unit sold in the IPO was held in the Trust Account and will be held as cash or invested
only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of
180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting
the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act. 

On
February 24, 2021, the underwriters of the IPO exercised the over-allotment option in full to purchase Units. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on February 16, 2021 and the underwriters full exercise of over-allotment option on February 24, 2021,
 was placed in the Trust Account. 

Private Units at a price of per
Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . 

On
February 24, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional
 Private Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate price
of (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will
collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public
Shares in the IPO and excluding the Private Shares). On December 16, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of of a share
of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock, and as a result our Sponsor holds founder shares of which an aggregate
of up to shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised
in full or in part. Because of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on February 24, 2021, shares
are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until after the
completion of a Business Combination. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

Concurrently
with the filing of the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 on January 21, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory
note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company was authorized to borrow up to an aggregate principal
amount of . In May 2021, the Sponsors agreed to increase the capacity (aggregate principal) on the Promissory Note to ,
and in August 2021, the Sponsors agreed to increase the capacity (aggregate principal) on the Promissory Note to . The Promissory
Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earliest of (i) April 30, 2021, (ii) the consummation of the IPO or (iii) the date on
which the Company determines not to proceed with the IPO. As of November 4, 2021, the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of 
was consolidated into the Company s Expense Advancement Agreement. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital
Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the
Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust
Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business
Combination entity at a price of per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. To date, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

Sponsor
Loans Issued Under Expense Advancement Agreement 

Effective
as of November 4, 2021, upon approval of the Board of Directors, the Company entered into an Expense Advancement Agreement with Goal
Acquisitions Sponsor, LLC (the Funding Party ). Pursuant to the Expense Advancement Agreement, the Funding Party has agreed
to advance to the Company from time to time, upon request by the Company, a maximum of in the aggregate, in each instance
issued pursuant to the terms of the form of promissory note, as may be necessary to fund the Company s expenses relating to the
investigation and selection of a target business and other working capital requirements prior to completion of any potential Business
Combination. All previously outstanding commitments from the Sponsor have been consolidated under the Expense Advancement Agreement,
effective November 4, 2021. On April 28, 2023 the Company executed its first amendment to the Expense Advancement Agreement and increased
the maximum funding allowable under the agreement to . 

As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the available balance under the Expense Advancement Agreement was . At the Sponsor s
option, at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of any promissory note issued under the Expense Advancement Agreement,
the Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the promissory note into that number of warrants
(the Conversion Warrants equal to: (i) the portion of the principal amount of the promissory note being converted, divided
by (ii) , per the First Amendment to the Expense Advance Agreement, (as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination,
reclassification or similar transaction related to the Common Stock after issuance of the promissory note, rounded up to the nearest
whole number) (the Sponsor Loan Conversion Option ). The Sponsor Loan Conversion Option qualifies as an embedded derivative
under ASC 815 and is required to be recognized at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in Company s statements
of operations each reporting period until the Convertible Note is repaid or converted. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, the aggregate balance outstanding on the Sponsor loans issued was ,
and the fair value of the Sponsor Loan Conversion Option was . 

Advances
 Related Party 

During
the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid the Sponsor for amounts advanced for other operating expenses
under a separate arrangement and received funding from the Sponsor. As of September 30, 2024, there was a balance owed
under advances related party. 

Forward
Purchase Agreement Proceeds Receivable from Sponsor 

During
the quarter ended September 30, 2024 the Sponsor received a deployment of in connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement
(see Note 6) and subsequently repaid the SPAC of this amount; the remaining balance of is receivable from the Sponsor
and included in Forward Purchase Agreement proceeds receivable from Sponsor on the Company s condensed balance sheets. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the Founder Shares and Representative Shares, which are the shares of common stock issued to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. EarlyBird and its designees prior to the consummation of the Company s IPO, as well as the holders of the Private
Units and any units that may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company, are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to an agreement signed prior to the Effective Date of the IPO. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up
to two demands that the Company register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these
registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from
escrow. The holders of a majority of the Representative Shares, Private Units and units issued in payment of Working Capital Loans (or
underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a business combination.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBird may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning
on the Effective Date of the IPO. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to
registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination; provided, however, that EarlyBird may participate
in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the Effective Date of the IPO. The Company
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Business
Combination Marketing Agreement 

In
connection with the IPO, the Company engaged EarlyBird as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company
in holding meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce
the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities in connection with a Business Combination,
assist the Company in obtaining stockholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and
public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company agreed to pay EarlyBird a cash fee for such services upon the
consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to of the gross proceeds of the IPO (exclusive of any applicable finders 
fees which might become payable). The agreement was subsequently revised as discussed below. 

On
November 5, 2021 the Company entered into an agreement with EarlyBird together with JMP Securities LLC JMP and JonesTrading
Institutional Services LLC JonesTrading (together, the Advisors to assist the Company in the possible
private placement of equity securities and/or debt securities to provide financing to the Company in connection with a Business Combination.

Deferred
Legal Fees 

As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has incurred legal costs of and , respectively, related
to its prospective initial Business Combination. These costs are deferred until the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination and are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Company s balance sheets. 

Service
Provider Agreements 

From
time to time the Company has entered into and may enter into agreements with various services providers and advisors, including investment
banks, to help us identify targets, negotiate terms of potential Business Combinations, consummate a Business Combination and/or provide
other services. In connection with these agreements, the Company may be required to pay such service providers and advisors fees in connection
with their services to the extent that certain conditions, including the closing of a potential Business Combination, are met. If a Business
Combination does not occur, the Company would not expect to be required to pay these contingent fees. There can be no assurance that
the Company will complete a Business Combination. On July 6, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with an advisor for an aggregate
fee of that will become due and payable upon consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination in connection
with the Digital Virgo deal. 

In
July of 2023, Digital Virgo purported to terminate the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, and the Company is pursuing
all available remedies in ICC arbitration. 

Prepaid
Forward Purchase Agreement 

On
July 11, 2024, the Company along with its founder and advisor, its Sponsor and Goal Nevada entered into a prepaid forward purchase agreement
(the Forward Purchase Agreement with a third-party whereby this third-party has committed to provide aggregate deployments
of up to for certain of the Company s litigation expenses. As of September 30, 2024, approximately was deployed
under the Forward Purchase Agreement. On October 24, 2024, the agreement was amended to reflect an additional reimbursement of 
available to the Company for certain of the Company s operating expenses. As of the date of these financials were available for
issuance, aggregate deployments made in connection with this agreement were approximately . 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common
Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. On
December 16, 2020, the Company effected a stock dividend of of a share of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock,
and as a result our Sponsor holds founder shares of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture by
the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part. Because of the underwriters 
full exercise of the over-allotment option on February 24, 2021, shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Company considered
the above stock dividend to be in substance a stock split due to the dividend being part of the Company s initial capitalization.
The dividend was therefore valued at par and offset to additional paid-in capital. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding and shares of common stock subject to possible
redemption, respectively. 

Warrants
 The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. No warrants will
be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period
following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public
Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder (the 30-day redemption period 

; and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the share of common stock underlying such warrants. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 

The
exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the
warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of
the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the IPO, except that the Private Warrants and
the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after
the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable on
a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private
Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants are redeemable by
the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Representative
Shares The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a
period of 180 days immediately following the Effective Date of the registration statement related to the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1).
Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the Effective
Date of the registration statements related to the IPO, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period
of 180 days immediately following the Effective Date of the registration statements related to the IPO except to any underwriter and
selected dealer participating in the IPO and their bona fide officers or partners. 

The
holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination.
In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect
to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 

Forward Purchase Agreement liability 

Sponsor Loan Conversion Option 

December 31, 
 Quoted Prices
 In Active Markets 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 Significant Other Unobservable Inputs 

2023 
 (Level
 1) 
 (Level
 2) 
 (Level
 3) 
 
 Description 

Assets: 

Marketable securities held in the
 trust account 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities 

Sponsor Loan Conversion Option 

Warrant
Liabilities 

The
Company utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the Private Placement Warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair
value recognized in the statement of operations. The estimated fair value of the warrant liability is determined using Level 3 inputs.
Inherent in a binomial options pricing model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest
rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on historical volatility of comparable companies
that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield
curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed
to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates
to remain at zero. 

Strike price 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

Forward
Purchase Agreement Liability 

The
estimated fair value of the Forward Purchase Agreement liability was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the estimated
timing of the potential repayment scenarios subject to the estimated probability of the successful outcome of a certain litigation events.
and classified as a Level 3 valuation. 

The
Forward Purchase Agreement liability is discounted to net present values using risk free rates. Discount rates were based on current
risk-free rates based on the actual simulated potential repayment term using the following U.S. Treasury rates and using the linearly
interpolated treasury rates between quoted terms. 

The
assumptions used in calculating the estimated fair value represents the Company s best estimate. However, inherent uncertainties
are involved. If factors or assumptions change, the estimated fair value could be materially different. 

Risk-free rate 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Estimated repayment term (in years) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Repayment Multiple 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Probability of repayment 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

Sponsor
Loan Conversion Option 

The
Company established the fair value for the Sponsor Loan Conversion Option using a Monte-Carlo method model, which is considered to be
a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

Strike price of warrants 

Strike price of debt conversion 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

There
was change in fair value for the Sponsor Loan Conversion Option for the period ended September 30, 2024. There were no transfers in
or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy during the period ended September 30, 2024 for the Sponsor Loan Conversion
Option. 

available to
the Company for certain of the Company s operating expenses. 

- 21 - 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations
and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting
us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are
beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Factors
that might cause or contribute to such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those set forth in the Risk Factors
section of the Company s final prospectus for the Company s initial public offering filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021
and the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024. The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on October 26, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses Business Combination ). The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 10, 2021. On February 16, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of 22,500,000
units (the Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, for total gross proceeds of 225,000,000. On February 24, 2021, the underwriters
exercised the over-allotment option in full resulting in the closing of the issuance and sale of an additional 3,375,000 Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ). The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds
of 33,750,000. Each Unit consists of one shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, and one redeemable warrant entitling its holder
to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 600,000 units (the Private Units ), at a price of 10.00
per Private Unit. On February 24, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated
the sale of an additional 67,500 Private Units (together with the IPO Private Placement, the Private Placements ), generating
gross proceeds of 6,675,000. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 593,608. We had investment income of 26,796 on the amount held in the
Trust Account. We recognized a 1,335 loss on the change in the fair value of the warrant liability and a 5,769 loss on the change in
the fair value of the Forward Purchase Agreement liability. We incurred 555,066 of operating costs and business combination expenses.
We also incurred a 58,235 provision for income taxes. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 1,920,550. We had investment income of 90,002 on the amount held in
the Trust Account. We recognized a 4,013 loss on the change in the fair value of the warrant liability and 5,769 loss on the change
in the fair value of the Forward Purchase Agreement liability. We incurred 1,679,476 of operating costs and business combination expenses.
We also incurred a 321,294 provision for income taxes. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 17,576. We had investment income of 727,593 on the amount held in
the Trust Account and a 2,195 loss on the change in the fair value of the warrant liability. We incurred 541,446 of operating costs
and business combination expenses. We also incurred a 166,376 provision for income taxes. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 563,863. We had investment income of 3,731,792 on the amount held in
the Trust Account. We recognized a 14,747 gain on the change in the fair value of the warrant liability. We incurred 3,533,446 of operating
costs and business combination expenses. We also incurred a 776,956 provision for income taxes. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
February 8, 2023, we entered into an Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement (the Amended and Restated Business Combination
Agreement with Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp., a Nevada corporation Goal Nevada ), Digital Virgo Group, a French
corporation soci t par actions simplifi e ( Digital Virgo ), all shareholders of Digital Virgo
(the Digital Virgo Shareholders ), and IODA S.A., in its capacity as the DV Shareholders Representative (as
defined in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement), which amends and restates the Business Combination Agreement, dated
as of November 17, 2022, by and among the Company, Digital Virgo, and certain other parties in its entirety. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Goal Nevada entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company will, prior to the Closing (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), reincorporate as a Nevada corporation by merging with and into Goal Nevada, a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, with Goal Nevada surviving the merger (the Reincorporation Merger ). 

Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and after the consummation of the Reincorporation Merger, Digital Virgo will
acquire all of the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada whereby the outstanding shares of Goal Nevada will be exchanged for shares of Digital
Virgo by means of a statutory share exchange under Nevada law (the Exchange ). 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and the Exchange, as well as the Merger Agreement and the Reincorporation Merger,
were approved by the board of directors of the Company. 

The
Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto.
The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement is subject to certain conditions
as further described therein. 

- 22 - 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed
Merger is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

In
July of 2023, Digital Virgo purported to unilaterally terminate the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement and has refused
to negotiate. Therefore the Company commenced arbitration to before the International Chamber of Commerce ICC to enforce
the Company s rights under the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement. 

Extension
and Redemptions 

On
February 7, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment (the First Trust Agreement Amendment to the Investment Management
Trust Agreement, dated February 10, 2021 (the Investment Management Trust Agreement ), by and between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental ), to change the date on which Continental must commence liquidation of
the amount on deposit in the trust account (the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s initial
public offering from February 16, 2023 to March 18, 2023, subject to extension by the board of directors for up to five additional thirty-day
periods (the latest of which such date is August 15, 2023 if the board of directors exercises all five extensions). The Board exercised
all five additional thirty-day extensions. 

On
February 7, 2023, our stockholders also approved an amendment (the First Charter Amendment to the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Charter to (i) extend the initial period of time by which the Company
has to consummate an initial business combination to through August 15, 2023 and (ii) make other related administrative and technical
changes in the Charter, in each case, pursuant to an amendment in the form set forth in Annex A of the proxy statement that the Company
filed with the SEC on January 9, 2023. The Company filed the First Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on February 8, 2023. 

In
connection with our stockholders approval and implementation of the First Charter Amendment, the holders of 16,328,643 Public
Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.13 per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately 165,489,173. Following such redemptions, 9,546,357 Public Shares remained outstanding. 

On
August 14, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment (the Second Trust Agreement Amendment to the Investment Management
Trust Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between us and Continental, to change the date on which Continental must commence liquidation
of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering from August
16, 2023 to August 23, 2023, subject to extension by the board of directors on a day-by-day basis, with the ability to extend up to seven
days at a time in advance, for a maximum of ninety-days to November 15, 2023. 

On
August 14, 2023, our stockholders also approved an amendment (the Second Charter Amendment to the Charter to extend
the period of time by which we have to consummate an initial business combination to February 10, 2024.In connection with the stockholders 
approval and implementation of the Second Charter Amendment, the holders of 8,708,098 Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their
shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.50 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of 91,398,232. Following
such redemptions, 838,259 Public Shares remained outstanding. 

On
November 8, 2023, we held a meeting and our stockholders approved an amendment to the Charter (the Third Charter Amendment to extend the period of time by which we have to consummate an initial business combination to February 10, 2024. In connection with
the stockholders approval and implementation of the Third Charter Amendment, the holders of 571,909 Public Shares exercised their
right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.63 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of
 6,077,050. Following such redemptions, 266,360 Public Shares remained outstanding. 

On
February 7, 2024, the stockholders approved an amendment (the Third Trust Agreement Amendment to the Investment
Management Trust Agreement, dated February 10, 2021, by and between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to change the
date on which Continental must commence liquidation of the amount on deposit in the trust account established in connection with our
initial public offering from February 10, 2024 to August 8, 2024. 

In
connection with the stockholders approved an amendment to the Charter (the Fourth Charter Amendment ), the holders
of 52,181 Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.63 per share,
for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 554,562. Following such redemptions, 214,169 Public Shares remained outstanding. 

On
August 6, 2024, the stockholders approved an amendment to the Charter (the Fifth Charter Amendment to (i) extend the period
of time by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination from August 8, 2024 to May 8, 2025 (the New Termination
Date and (ii) make other administrative and technical changes in the Charter in connection with the New Termination Date. In
connection with the stockholders approval and implementation of the Fifth Charter Amendment, the holders of 41,152 Public Shares
exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.84 per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately 446,124. Following such redemptions, 173,017 Public Shares remained outstanding. 

See
the proxy statements filed by us with the SEC on January 9, 2023 and July 27, 2023 and the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us with
the SEC on February 8, 2023 and August 14, 2023, February 7, 2024 and August 8, 2024 for additional information. 

- 23 - 

Use
of Funds Restricted for Payment of Taxes 

From
inception to date, we have withdrawn a total of 2,103,330 of interest from the Trust Account of which 541,719 was paid for franchise
taxes. Of the aggregate withdrawals, 1,561,611 was restricted for the payment of our income taxes. We utilized 1,559,470 of these withdrawals
towards funding operating expenses, as well as the monthly extension deposits. As such, we recorded a receivable due from the Sponsor
and a related payable to the Trust for 1,559,470 as of September 30, 2024. The receivable reflects the amount due to be reimbursed to
the Trust Account from the Sponsor for the funds used for funding operating expenses as well as the monthly extension deposits. As of
September 30, 2024, we have restricted cash of 2,141 and a receivable from the Sponsor of 1,559,470. We intend to deposit 1,559,470
back into the Trust Account or use the 1,559,470 (or a portion thereof) for tax obligations until a deposit is made into the trust on
a future date. 

We
filed its corporate tax return for the year ended December 31, 2023. As of the date of these financial statements, we have not yet remitted
any payment for its income taxes and is subject to additional interest and penalties until payment is remitted. During the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2024, our provision for income taxes included 53,307 and 304,192, respectively, for interest and penalties. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had 2,141 in restricted cash and a working capital deficit of 13,573,831. In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our initial stockholders, or certain of our officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, provide us with working capital loans (see Note 5 of the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements).
There are currently no amounts outstanding under any working capital loans. 

In
addition, in May 2021, we received a commitment letter from the Sponsor whereby the Sponsor committed to fund any working capital shortfalls
through the earlier of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. The loans would be issued as required and each loan would
be evidenced by a promissory note, up to an aggregate of 300,000. In August 2021, we received a new commitment letter from the Sponsor
to increase such loan amount up to 500,000. The loans will be non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable upon the consummation of our
initial Business Combination or at the holder s discretion, convertible into warrants of the Company at a price of 2.00 per warrant. 

Effective
as of November 4, 2021, upon approval of the Board of Directors, we entered into an Expense Advancement Agreement with Goal Acquisitions
Sponsor, LLC (the Funding Party ). Pursuant to the Expense Advancement Agreement, the Funding Party has agreed to advance
to us from time to time, upon request by us, a maximum of 1,500,000 in the aggregate, in each instance issued pursuant to the terms
of a promissory note, as may be necessary to fund our expenses relating to the investigation and selection of a target business and other
working capital requirements prior to completion of any potential Business Combination. On April 28, 2023 the Company executed its first
amendment to the Expense Advancement Agreement and increased the maximum funding allowable under the agreement to 2,000,000. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Expense Advancement Agreement, if we complete a Business Combination, we will repay all outstanding loaned amounts.
No interest accrues on the unpaid principal balance of any Promissory Note. The Funding Party cannot seek repayment from the trust account
for amounts owed under the Expense Advancement Agreement. All loans from the Funding Party are convertible into warrants to purchase
shares of common stock (the Conversion Warrants ), at the option of the Funding Party. The number of Conversion Warrants
granted will be equal to the portion of the principal amount of the Promissory Note being converted, divided by 2.00, as amended per
First Amendment to the Expense Advance Agreement, (as adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification
or similar transaction related to our common stock occurring after the date of the Expense Advancement Agreement), rounded up to the
nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical to those warrants that were issued in a private placement
that closed concurrently with our initial public offering. The holders of Conversion Warrants or shares of common stock underlying the
Conversion Warrants are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights pursuant to the terms of the Expense Advancement
Agreement. All previously outstanding commitments from the Sponsor have been consolidated under the Expense Advancement Agreement, effective
November 4, 2021. 

Until
consummation of its Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the trust account, and any additional Working
Capital Loans for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target
businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or its
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we will repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of such working capital loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. The
units would be identical to the Private Units. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. 

As
of September 30, 2024, our net tangible assets were below the 5,000,001 threshold for consummating an initial Business Combination as
stated in our Charter. If we are successful in consummating an initial Business Combination, we will need to raise additional capital
to satisfy this requirement. We will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor, stockholders,
officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time
to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly,
we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional
measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us
on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
one year from the date that our financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are issued. 

- 24 - 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements
 Going Concern, the Company has until the New Termination Date, currently May 8, 2025 to consummate a business combination.
It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated
by this date and an extension of the period of time the Company has to complete a business combination has not been approved by the Company s
stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. We have determined that our insufficient
capital and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and an extension not approved by the stockholders of the
Company, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
one year from the date these financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
should the Company be required to liquidate after May 8, 2025. We intend to continue to complete a business combination, including the
Transaction, before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time
of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Our
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q and the specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable
as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Under
the current rules and regulations of the SEC we are not deemed an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940
(the Investment Company Act however, on March 30, 2022, the SEC proposed new rules (the Proposed Rules relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company
Act and the regulations thereunder. The Proposed Rules provide a safe harbor for companies from the definition of investment company 
under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration
limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically,
to comply with the safe harbor, the Proposed Rules would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has
entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date
of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial
business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of such registration statement. 

There
is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours. We did
not enter into a definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of our registration statement relating
to our initial public offering and there is a risk that we may not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of such
date. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we
were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete
an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able
to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock
and warrants following such a transaction. 

Currently,
the funds in our trust account are held only in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. The Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any
issuer which (i) is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting,
or trading in securities; (ii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment
type, or has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding; or (iii) is engaged or proposes to engage in the
business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities
having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. 

The
longer that the funds in the trust account are held in money market funds, there is a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered
investment company. In the event we are deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, whether based upon our activities,
the investment of our funds, or as a result of the Proposed Rules being adopted by the SEC, we may determine that we are required to
liquidate the money market funds held in our trust account and may thereafter hold all funds in our trust account in cash until the earlier
of consummation of our business combination or liquidation. As a result, if we were to switch all funds to cash, we will likely receive
minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in our trust account after such time, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders
would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of our Company. 

- 25 - 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited condensed financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these unaudited condensed financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities in our unaudited condensed financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates
and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical
experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as
our critical accounting policies: 

Derivative
Liabilities 

We
account for the warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815 ), under which the warrants do not
meet the criteria for equity classification and must be recorded as liabilities. As the warrants meet the definition of a derivative
as contemplated in ASC 815, the Warrants are measured at fair value at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820,
Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the Statement of Operations in the period of change. 

We
account for our prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40, Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815 ). The Forward Purchase Agreement meets the definition
of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, the deployments received under the Forward Purchase Agreement are measured at fair value
at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in
the Statement of Operations in the period of change. 

Common
stock subject to possible redemption 

The
Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the
control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s
common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 173,017 and 266,350 shares of common stock subject to
possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the
Company s balance sheets. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to
equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock
are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
(Loss) Income Per Common Share 

The
Company has one class of common stock. The common stock sold in the IPO is subject to possible redemption. The 25,875,000 common stock
underlying the outstanding warrants were excluded from diluted earnings per common stock for the period ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net loss per
common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the periods. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The FASB issued this ASU
to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. The amendments in this ASU address investor requests for
more transparency about income tax information through improvements to income tax disclosures primarily related to the rate reconciliation
and income taxes paid information. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently reviewing what impact, if any, adoption will have on the Company s financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
 Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial
instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features
from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts
in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments
that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including
the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for the fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January
1, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 is not expected to have an impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s unaudited condensed financial statements. 

- 26 - 

JOBS
Act 

On
April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements
for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply
with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to
delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards
on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

As
an emerging growth company , we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report
on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure
that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii)
comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s
report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose
certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of
the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion
of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer
have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

We
have previously identified deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting which we determined are material weaknesses.
Our internal controls did not detect error in (i) the classification related to our accounting for complex financial instruments, (ii)
the proper safeguarding of trust assets and the monitoring process of the use of trust funds, and (iii) accruals. The Company has begun
to develop a remediation plan which is more fully described below. 

Remediation
Plan 

After
identifying the material weaknesses, we have commenced our remediation efforts by taking the following steps: 

We
 have expanded and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. 

We
 have increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting
 applications. 

We
 are establishing additional monitoring and oversight controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements
 and related disclosures. 

We
 have improved our review of material agreements to ensure adherence to various stipulations in the agreement, specifically the Trust
 Agreement, where we improved our monitoring process on the use of funds from the Trust Account to be paid for taxes. 

The
elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 covered
by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

- 27 - 

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

In
September of 2023, the Company commenced arbitration with the International Chamber of Commerce ICC against Digital Virgo
for breach of the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, seeking damages and equitable remedies. Digital Virgo has asserted
a counterclaim for a Termination Fee as defined in the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement. Apart from
the ICC Arbitration, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any of our
officers or directors in their capacity as such, and we and our officers and directors have not been subject to any such proceeding in
the 12 months preceding the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

Rule
10b5-1 Trading Plans 

During
the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or executive officers or any contract,
instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions
of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

- 28 - 

Item
6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

2.1# 
 
 Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and among Goal Acquisitions Corp., Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp., Digital Virgo Group, all shareholders of Digital Virgo Group, and IODA S.A. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2023). 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 8, 2023, by and between Goal Acquisitions Corp. and Goal Acquisitions Nevada Corp. (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2023). 

3.1 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Goal Acquisitions Corp. dated February 8, 2023 (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith. 

This
 certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes
 of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Registrant,
 whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 
 # 
 The
 schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company hereby undertakes to furnish
 supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon its request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential
 treatment for any such schedules so furnished. 

- 29 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GOAL
 ACQUISITIONS CORP. 

Date:
 December 26, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 William T. Duffy 

Name: 
 William
 T. Duffy 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

- 30 - 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Harvey Schiller, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Goal Acquisitions Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 26, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Harvey Schiller 

Harvey
 Schiller 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
William T. Duffy, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Goal Acquisitions Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d -15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 26, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 William T. Duffy 

William
 T. Duffy 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Goal Acquisitions Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 December 26, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Harvey Schiller 

Harvey
 Schiller 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Goal Acquisitions Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 December 26, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 William T. Duffy 

William
 T. Duffy 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 puck-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 puck-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 puck-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 puck-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

