<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_65312_0001174947-24-001248.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3434341</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>79289</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>899133</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>603255</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>863334</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>927278</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-24-001248.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112075508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-24-001248
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000065312
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				112014231
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14757
		FILM NUMBER:		241443445

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 340
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3054029300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 340
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EnviroStar, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100514

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DRYCLEAN USA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METRO TEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-24-001248.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 evi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from to 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered American 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 
No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: Common Stock, .025 par value per share shares outstanding
as of November 6, 2024. 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
 Operations (Unaudited) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
 at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2024 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 28 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 28 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 29 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 30 

Signatures 
 31 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) 

For the three months 
 ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating income 

Interest expense, net 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Net earnings per share basic 

Net earnings per share diluted 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

3 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except as otherwise noted) 

ASSETS 

September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses of million and million, respectively 

Inventories, net 

Vendor deposits 

Contract assets 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Equipment and improvements, net 

Operating lease assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

4 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued employee expenses 

Customer deposits 

Contract liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 

Shareholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares ; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; authorized shares - ; shares issued at September 30, 2024 and shares issued at June 30, 2024, including shares held in treasury 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at June 30, 2024, at cost 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

5 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

(In thousands, except share data) (Unaudited) 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury Stock 
 Retained 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Cost 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 

Share repurchases 

Vesting of restricted shares 

Stock compensation 

Dividends declared per share) 

Net income 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury Stock 
 Retained 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Cost 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Share repurchases 

Vesting of restricted shares 

Issuances of shares in connection with acquisitions 

Stock compensation 

Net income 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

6 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) (Unaudited) 

For the three months ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Provision for bad debt expense 

Non-cash lease expense 

Stock compensation 

Inventory reserve 

Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes 

Other 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Vendor deposits 

Contract assets 

Other assets 

(Decrease) increase in operating liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued employee expenses 

Customer deposits 

Contract liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Debt repayments 

Repurchases of common stock in satisfaction of employee tax withholding obligations 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

7 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
(In thousands) (Unaudited) 

For the three months ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash financing activities: 

Issuances of common stock for acquisitions 

Dividends payable 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

8 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

9 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

million in cash. The Company funded the acquisition
with borrowings under its credit facility. Fees and expenses related to the acquisition of LPF, consisting primarily of legal and other
professional fees, were not material and are classified as selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated
statement of operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

The acquisition was treated
for accounting purposes as a purchase of LPF using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), pursuant to which the consideration paid by the Company was allocated
to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, in each case, based on their respective fair values as of the closing date, with the excess
of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired being allocated to goodwill. The computation of the purchase
price consideration and the preliminary allocation of the consideration to the net assets acquired are presented in the following table
(in thousands): 

10 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Other assets 

Equipment and improvements 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

Total 

While, as of the date of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, the Company has finalized its assessment of certain of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the Company is continuing
its valuation of certain working capital items, including inventories, other assets and accounts payable and accrued expenses, which is
subject to adjustment in accordance with the merger agreement. Accordingly, the purchase price allocation set forth above reflects preliminary
fair value estimates based on preliminary work and analyses performed by management and is subject to change as additional information
to assist in determining the fair value of those assets as of the closing date is obtained during the post-closing measurement period
of up to one year. 

Intangible assets consist of allocated
to the Laundry Pro of Florida trade name and allocated to customer-related intangible assets. The Laundry Pro of Florida trade
name is indefinite-lived and therefore not subject to amortization. The Laundry Pro of Florida trade name will be evaluated for impairment
annually, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that it may be impaired, by comparing its fair
value to its carrying amount to determine if a write-down to fair value is required. Customer-related intangible assets are being amortized
over years. 

Goodwill is attributable primarily to the assembled
workforce acquired, as well as benefits from the increased scale of the Company as a result of the acquisition. The goodwill from the
acquisition is deductible for income tax purposes. 

On November 1, 2024, the Company acquired Indiana-based
O Dell Equipment Supply, Inc. for total consideration of million in cash. 

11 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Less: distributed and undistributed income allocated to unvested restricted common stock 

Net income allocated to EVI Industries, Inc. shareholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding used in basic earnings per share 

Dilutive common share equivalents 

Weighted average shares outstanding used in diluted earnings per share 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

At September 30, 2024 and 2023, other than 
shares and shares, respectively, of common stock subject to unvested restricted stock awards or restricted stock units, there
were no potentially dilutive securities outstanding. 

Less: unamortized discount and deferred financing costs 

Total long-term debt, net 

The Company is party, as borrower, to a syndicated
credit agreement (the Credit Agreement which allows for borrowings in the maximum aggregate principal amount of up to
 million, with an accordion feature to increase the revolving credit facility by up to million for a total of million. A
portion of the revolving credit facility is available for swingline loans of up to a sublimit of million and for the issuance of standby
letters of credit of up to a sublimit of million. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings (other than swingline loans) under the Credit
Agreement bore interest, at a rate, at the Company s election at the time of borrowing, equal to (a) the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank
Yield Index rate (the BSBY rate plus a margin that ranges between and depending on the Company s consolidated
leverage ratio, which is a ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization (EBITDA) (the Consolidated Leverage Ratio or (b) the highest of (i) prime, (ii) the federal funds rate plus
50 basis points, and (iii) the BSBY rate plus 100 basis points (such highest rate, the Base Rate ), plus a margin that ranged
between and depending on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio. Swingline loans generally bore interest at the Base Rate plus a
margin that ranges between and depending on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio. As previously disclosed, pursuant to the terms
of the Credit Agreement, in connection with the discontinuation of the BSBY rate, the BSBY rate was to be replaced, when determined by
the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement, with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a SOFR adjustment
ranging from a minimum of to a maximum of . Such replacement occurred during October 2024. The maturity date of the Credit
Agreement is . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million of outstanding borrowings under
the Credit Agreement, which accrued interest at a weighted average rate of . 

12 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

million was available to borrow under the revolving credit facility. 

The obligations of the Company under the Credit
Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, and are guaranteed, jointly and
severally, by certain of the Company s subsidiaries. 

The carrying value of the Company s long-term
debt reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets herein approximates its fair value since it bears interest at variable rates
approximating market rates. 

. Operating lease cost consists of monthly rental payments under the terms of the Company s lease agreements recognized
on a straight-line basis. Short-term lease costs were not material during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

The following table provides details of the Company s
future minimum lease payments under operating lease liabilities recorded on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as
of September 30, 2024. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amounts representing interest 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

Less: current portion 

Long-term portion 

13 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Variable lease cost (2) 

Total lease cost 

The table below presents lease-related terms and
discount rates as of September 30, 2024: 

years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 

Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities: 

Company as Lessor 

The Company derives a portion of its revenue from
equipment leasing arrangements. Such arrangements provide for monthly payments covering the equipment provided, maintenance and interest.
These arrangements meet the criteria to be accounted for as sales type leases. Accordingly, revenue from the provision of the equipment
is recognized upon delivery of the equipment and its acceptance by the customer. Upon the recognition of such revenue, an asset is established
for the investment in sales type leases. Maintenance revenue and interest are recognized monthly over the lease term. 

14 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

million. 

The total net investments in sales type leases,
including stated residual values, as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. The current
portion of million is included in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024,
and the long term portion of million and million is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets as of September
30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 

million. Consistent with the guidance of the FASB regarding accounting
for income taxes, the Company regularly estimates its ability to recover deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance against
deferred tax assets to reduce the balance to amounts expected to be recoverable. This evaluation includes the consideration of several
factors, including an estimate of the likelihood of generating sufficient taxable income in future periods over which temporary differences
reverse, the expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities, past and projected taxable income, and available tax planning strategies.
As of September 30, 2024, management believed that it was more-likely-than-not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient
taxable income to realize the amount of the Company s deferred tax assets over the periods during which temporary differences reverse. 

The Company follows ASC Topic 740-10-25, Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for
the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Company s
accounting for income taxes in accordance with this standard did not result in a material adjustment to the Company s provision
for income taxes during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act includes the largest-ever U.S. investment committed to combat
climate change, allocating billion to energy security and clean energy programs over the next years, including provisions incentivizing
manufacturing of clean energy equipment. Starting on January 1, 2023, the IR Act imposed a alternative minimum tax (AMT) on corporations
with book income in excess of billion and a federal excise tax on certain stock repurchases. The Company is not expected to be subject
to the new AMT requirements and the federal excise tax imposed by the IR Act is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company was subject
to potential federal and state tax examinations for the tax years including and subsequent to 2020. 

15 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

shares. The fair value of awards granted under the Plan is expensed on a straight-line basis
over the vesting period of the awards. Share-based compensation expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in
the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
there were restricted stock awards and restricted stock units granted under the Plan. During the three months ended September
30, 2023, there were no restricted stock awards or restricted stock units granted under the Plan. There were no restricted stock awards
forfeited during either the three months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. There were and restricted stock units forfeited
during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, non-cash share-based compensation expense related to awards granted under the Plan totaled million and million, respectively.
Included within the non-cash share-based compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023 is an additional expense of
 million related to the acceleration of the vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, in each
case, pursuant to the terms of the applicable award agreement. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
million and million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, respectively,
granted under the Plan, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested awards or units outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

During 2017, the Company s stockholders
approved the Company s 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). Subject to the terms and conditions thereof,
the ESPP allows eligible employees the opportunity to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount. The ESPP provides
for six-month offering periods ending on December 31 and June 30 of each year. No shares were issued under the ESPP during the three months
ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

16 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

per share (an aggregate of million), which
was paid on October 7, 2024 to stockholders of record at the close of business on September 26, 2024. This amount is included in accounts
payable and accrued expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 

The payment of dividends, if any, in the future
will be in the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, as described above. The payment of dividends may also be subject
to restrictions contained in the Company s debt instruments. As described elsewhere in this Report, including under Liquidity
and Capital Resources in Item 2 of this Report, the Company s Credit Agreement contains certain covenants which may, among
other things, restrict the Company s ability to pay dividends, and any future facilities may contain similar or more stringent requirements.
The Company s management does not believe that the covenants contained in the Company s Credit Agreement currently materially
limit the Company s ability to pay dividends or are reasonably likely to materially limit the Company s ability to pay dividends
in the future. 

square feet of warehouse
and office space from an affiliate of Dennis Mack, a director and employee of the Company, and Tom Marks, Executive Vice President, Business
Development and President of the West Region of the Company. The lease had an initial term of five years and provides for two successive three -year
renewal terms at the option of the Company. Monthly base rental payments were during the initial term of the lease. The Company
exercised its option to renew the lease for the first three-year renewal term, which commenced in October 2021. Base rent for the first
renewal term was per month. The Company intends to renew the lease for the second renewal term and is evaluating the market
rate to establish the base rent for the second renewal term. In addition to base rent, Western State Design is responsible under the lease
for costs related to real estate taxes, utilities, maintenance, repairs and insurance. Payments under this lease totaled approximately
 during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

On November 1, 2018, the Company s wholly-owned
subsidiary, AAdvantage Laundry Systems, entered into a lease agreement pursuant to which it leases warehouse and office space from an
affiliate of Mike Zuffinetti, former Chief Executive Officer of AAdvantage. Monthly base rental payments under this lease were initially.
Pursuant to the lease agreement, on January 1, 2019, the lease expanded to cover additional warehouse space and, in connection therewith,
monthly base rental payments under this lease increased to . In addition to base rent, AAdvantage is responsible under the lease
for costs related to real estate taxes, utilities, maintenance, repairs and insurance. The lease had an initial term of five years and
provides for two successive three-year renewal terms at the option of the Company. The Company exercised its option to renew the
lease for the first three-year renewal term, which commenced in November 2023. Base rent for the first renewal term is per month.
Payments under the lease totaled approximately and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

17 

EVI Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

square feet
of warehouse and office space from an affiliate of Peter Limoncelli, President of Yankee Equipment Systems. Monthly base rental payments
were during the initial term of the lease. In addition to base rent, Yankee Equipment Systems is responsible under the lease
for costs related to real estate taxes, utilities, maintenance, repairs and insurance. The lease had an initial term of three years and
provides for three successive three-year renewal terms at the option of the Company. The Company exercised its option to renew this lease
for the first three-year renewal term, which commenced in November 2023. Base rent for the first year of the renewal term was per
month. Base rent for the second year of the renewal term is per month. Payments under this lease totaled approximately 
during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

million
at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 

The Company may from time to time become subject
to litigation and other legal proceedings. Litigation and other legal proceedings may require the Company to incur significant expenses,
including those relating to legal and other professional fees, as well as damages or other payments. Litigation and other legal proceedings
are inherently uncertain, and adverse outcomes in litigation or other legal proceedings could adversely affect the Company s financial
condition, cash flows and operating results. 

Goodwill from acquisition (1) 

Working capital adjustments (2) 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

18 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 

Forward Looking Statements 

Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q are forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When
used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, words such as may, should, could, seek, 
 believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, project, intend, 
 strategy and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. Forward looking statements may relate
to, among other things, events, conditions and trends that may affect the future plans, operations, business, strategies, operating results,
financial position and prospects of the Company. Forward looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties
that may cause actual results, trends, performance or achievements of the Company, or industry trends and results, to differ materially
from the future results, trends, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, among others, those associated with: general economic and business conditions in the United States and other countries
where the Company operates or where the Company s customers and suppliers are located, including the potential of a recession; industry
conditions and trends; credit market volatility; risks related to supply chain delays and disruptions and their impact on the Company s
business and results, including the Company s ability to deliver products and services to its customers on a timely basis; risks
relating to inflation, including the current inflationary trend, and the impact of inflation on the Company s costs and its ability
to increase the price of its products and services to offset such costs, and on the market for the Company s products and services;
risks related to labor shortages and increases in the costs of labor, and the impact thereof on the Company, including its ability to
deliver products, provide services or otherwise meet customers expectations; risks related to interest rate increases, including
the impact thereof on the cost of the Company s indebtedness and the Company s ability to raise capital if deemed necessary
or advisable; risks associated with international relations and international hostilities, and the impact thereof on economic conditions,
including supply chain constraints and inflationary trends; the Company s ability to implement its business and growth strategies
and plans, including changes thereto; risks and uncertainties associated with the Company s buy-and-build growth strategy,
including, without limitation, that the Company may not be successful in identifying or consummating acquisitions or other strategic transactions,
integration risks, risks related to indebtedness incurred by the Company in connection with the financing of acquisitions and other strategic
transactions, dilution experienced by the Company s existing stockholders as a result of the issuance of shares of the Company s
common stock in connection with acquisitions or other strategic transactions (or for other purposes), risks related to the business, operations
and prospects of acquired businesses, risks that suppliers of the acquired business may not consent to the transaction or otherwise continue
its relationship with the acquired business following the transaction and the impact that the loss of any such supplier may have on the
results of the Company and the acquired business, risks that the Company s goals or expectations with respect to acquisitions and
other strategic transactions may not be met, and risks related to the accounting for acquisitions; risks relating to the impact of pricing
concessions and other measures which the Company may take from time to time in connection with its expansion efforts and pursuit of market
share growth, including that they may not be successful and may adversely impact the Company s gross margin and other financial
results; technology changes; competition, including the Company s ability to compete effectively and the impact that competition
may have on the Company and its results, including the prices which the Company may charge for its products and services and on the Company s
profit margins, and competition for qualified employees; to the extent applicable, risks relating to the Company s ability to enter
into and compete effectively in new industries, as well as risks and trends related to those industries; risks relating to the Company s
relationships with its principal suppliers and customers, including the impact of the loss of any such relationship; risks that equipment
sales may not result in the ancillary benefits anticipated, including that they may not lead to increases in customers (or a stronger
relationship with customers) or higher gross margin sales of parts, accessories, supplies, and technical services related to the equipment,
and the risk that the benefit of lower gross margin equipment sales under longer-term contracts will not outweigh the possible short-term
impact to gross margin; the risk that the Company s service operations may not expand to the extent anticipated, 

19 

or at all; risks
related to the Company s indebtedness; the availability, terms and deployment of debt and equity capital if needed for expansion
or otherwise; risks of cybersecurity threats or incidents, including the potential misappropriation or use of assets or confidential information,
corruption of data or operational disruptions; changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulation, including environmental
regulations; litigation risks, including the costs of defending litigation and the impact of any adverse ruling; the availability and
cost of inventory purchased by the Company, and the risk that inventory management initiatives may not be successful; the relative value
of the United States dollar to currencies in the countries in which the Company s customers, suppliers and competitors are located;
risks relating to the recognition of revenue, including the amount and timing thereof (including potential delays resulting from, among
other circumstances, delays in installation (including due to delays in construction or the preparation of the customer s facilities)
or in receiving required supplies) and that orders in the Company s backlog may not be fulfilled as or when expected; risks related
to the adoption of new accounting standards and the impact it may have on the Company s financial statements and results; risks
that the Company s decentralized operating model, and that product, end-user and geographic diversity, may not result in the benefits
anticipated and may change over time; risks related to organic growth initiatives and market share and other growth strategies, including
that they may not result in the benefits anticipated; risks that investments, initiatives and expenses, including, without limitation,
investments in acquired businesses and modernization and optimization initiatives, expenses associated with the Company s implementation
of its enterprise resource planning system, and other investments, initiatives and expenses, may not result in the benefits anticipated;
risks related to the soundness of financial institutions and the Company s exposure with respect to its cash balances in depositary
accounts in excess of the 250,000 in maximum Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance coverage; dividends
may not be paid in the future; and other economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other risks and factors discussed in the
Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including, without limitation, in the Risk
Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. Many of these risks
and factors are beyond the Company s control. Further, past performance and perceived trends may not be indicative of future results.
The Company cautions that the foregoing factors are not exclusive. The reader should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement,
which speaks only as of the date made. The Company does not undertake to, and specifically disclaims any obligation to, update, revise
or supplement any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of changes in circumstances, new information, subsequent events or otherwise,
except as may be required by law. 

Company Overview 

EVI Industries, Inc., through its wholly-owned
subsidiaries (collectively, the Company ), is a value-added distributor, and provides advisory and technical services. Through
its vast sales organization, the Company provides its customers with planning, designing, and consulting services related to their commercial
laundry operations. The Company sells and/or leases its customers commercial laundry equipment, specializing in washing, drying, finishing,
material handling, water heating, power generation, and water reuse applications. In support of the suite of products it offers, the Company
sells related parts and accessories. Additionally, through the Company s robust network of commercial laundry technicians, the Company
provides its customers with installation, maintenance, and repair services. 

The Company s customers include government,
institutional, industrial, commercial and retail customers. Product purchases made by customers range from parts and accessories, to single
or multiple units of equipment, to large complex systems. The Company also provides its customers with the services described above. 

The Company s operating expenses consist
primarily of (a) selling, general and administrative expenses, which are comprised primarily of salaries, and commissions and marketing
expenses that are variable and correlate to changes in sales, (b) expenses related to the operation of warehouse facilities, including
a fleet of installation and service vehicles, and facility rent, which are payable mostly under non-cancelable operating leases, and (c)
operating expenses at the parent company, including compensation expenses, fees for professional services, other expenses associated with
being a public company, and expenses in furtherance of the Company s buy-and-build growth strategy. 

20 

Growth Strategy 

During 2015, the Company
implemented a buy-and-build growth strategy. The buy component of the strategy includes the consideration
and pursuit of acquisitions and other strategic transactions which management believes would complement the Company s existing
business or otherwise offer growth opportunities for, or benefit, the Company. The Company generally seeks to structure acquisitions
to include both cash and stock consideration. Acquisitions are effected through a wholly-owned subsidiary which acquires the business
or assets of the acquired company, whether by an asset purchase or merger, and operates the acquired business following the transaction.
In connection with each transaction, the Company, indirectly through its applicable wholly-owned subsidiary, also assumes certain of
the liabilities of the acquired business. The financial position, including assets and liabilities, and results of operations of the
acquired businesses following the respective closing dates of the acquisitions are included in the Company s consolidated financial
statements. As described in greater detail in Note 4 to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1
of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, on July 1, 2024, the Company acquired Florida-based Laundry Pro of Florida, Inc. for total consideration
of 5.9 million in cash. The financial position, including assets and liabilities, of Laundry Pro of Florida, Inc. is included in the
Company s consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 and the results of operations of Laundry Pro of Florida, Inc. since
the July 1, 2024 closing date are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended September 30,
2024. In addition, on November 1, 2024, the Company acquired Indiana-based O Dell Equipment Supply, Inc. for total consideration
of 4.6 million in cash. The financial position, including assets and liabilities, and results of operations of O Dell Equipment
 Supply, Inc. following the November 1, 2024 closing date of the acquisition will be included in the Company s consolidated
financial statements commencing in the quarter ending December 31, 2024. 

The build component of the Company s
 buy-and-build growth strategy involves implementing a growth culture at acquired businesses based on the exchange of ideas
and business concepts among the management teams of the Company and the acquired businesses as well as through certain initiatives, which
may include investments in additional sales and service personnel, new product lines, enhanced service operations and capabilities, new
and improved facilities, and advanced technologies. 

The Company pursues market share growth using
a variety of strategies aimed at increasing the installed base of the wide range of commercial laundry equipment the Company represents.
Certain market share growth tactics may, from time to time, result in lower gross margins. However, the Company believes that a greater
installed base of equipment strengthens the Company s existing customer relationships and may lead to increases in the total number
of customers, consequently creating a larger and stronger customer base to which the Company may sell products and services. These may
include the sale or provision of certain higher margin products and services and any additional products and services which the Company
may offer or sell from time to time as a result of any business acquisitions, the sale or lease of complementary products, and expansion
of its service operations. From time to time, the Company also enters into longer-term contracts, including to fulfill large complex laundry
projects for divisions of the federal government, where the nature of, and competition for, such contracts may result in a lower gross
margin as compared to other equipment sales. Despite the potential for a lower gross margin from such longer-term contracts, the Company
believes that the long-term benefit from the increase in its installed equipment will outweigh the possible short-term impact to gross
margin. 

Further, as a value-added distributor and a provider
of technical services in the commercial laundry industry, the Company partners with its customers to plan, design, install, and maintain
their commercial laundry operations. The nature of the Company s business not only requires an experienced and well-trained sales
organization to procure customer orders, but also requires proper, timely, and cost-effective installation ranging from single units of
equipment to complex multimillion dollar laundry systems. Such installations also require coordination and collaboration with the Company s
customers and any third parties they may retain. Consequently, the recognition of revenue may from time to time be impacted by delays
in construction and/or the preparation of customer facilities for the installation of purchased commercial laundry equipment and systems.
This may result in decreased revenue and profit in a current period but a source of future revenue and profit through the ultimate fulfillment
of the orders. 

21 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer to Note 3 to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a description of Recently Issued Accounting Guidance . 

Results of Operations 

Three-Month Period Ended
September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three-Month Period Ended September 30, 2023 

Revenues 

Revenues for the three-month period ended September
30, 2024 increased 5.6 million, or 6 , compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year. The increase in revenue is primarily attributable
to price increases established throughout the Company s product lines and service offerings aimed at maintaining or increasing margins
to cover incremental product and operating costs, as well as the revenues generated by the businesses acquired by the Company during the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 and the three-month period ended September 30, 2024. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2024 increased 3.2 million, or 12 , compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year. The increase was primarily the
result of the increased revenues described above and a more favorable product and customer mix. Gross margins increased from 29.2 for
the three-month period ended September 30, 2023 to 30.8 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024. 

Selling, General
and Administrative Expenses 

Operating expenses increased
 0.8 million, or 3 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year. The increase
is primarily attributable to (a) operating expenses of acquired businesses, including additional operating expenses at the acquired businesses
in pursuit of future growth and in connection with the Company s optimization initiatives, (b) increases in selling costs, including
commissions, from increases in revenues during the period, and (c) increases in salary, professional, and technology costs, partially
offset by a decrease in stock compensation. The decrease in stock compensation during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024
was primarily the result of a 1.2 million stock compensation expense incurred during the three-month period ended September 30, 2023
due to the acceleration of the vesting of certain restricted stock awards and restricted stock units in accordance with their terms during
such period. 

Interest Expense, Net 

Interest expense for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2024 was 482,000 compared to 770,000 for the same period of the prior fiscal year. The decrease in interest expense was
attributable primarily to a decrease in the average outstanding borrowings and a slight decrease in the effective interest rate incurred
on outstanding borrowings. 

22 

Income Taxes 

The Company s effective tax rate was 28.3 
for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 compared to 30.6 for the same period of the prior fiscal year. The decrease in the
effective tax rate is attributable to a decrease in the net impact of permanent book-tax differences resulting primarily from nondeductible
compensation. 

Net Income 

Net income for the three months ended September
30, 2024 was 3.2 million compared to net income of 1.3 million for the same period of the prior fiscal year. The increase in net income
was attributable primarily to the increase in revenue and gross profit, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses and income
taxes, in each case as described in further detail above. 

Consolidated Financial Condition 

The Company s total assets increased from
 230.7 million at June 30, 2024 to 245.5 million at September 30, 2024. The increase in total assets was primarily attributable to a
an increase in current assets, including accounts receivable, inventory and other current assets, as described under Liquidity
and Capital Resources - Working Capital below as well as an increase in goodwill and intangibles related to the acquisition of
Laundry Pro of Florida during July 2024. The Company s total liabilities increased from 94.1 million at June 30, 2024 to 109.5
million at September 30, 2024. This increase was primarily the result of an increase in accounts payable, including dividends payable
attributable to the special cash dividend on the Company s common stock of 0.31 per share (an aggregate of 4.6 million) which
was declared by the Company s Board of Directors on September 11, 2024 and paid on October 7, 2024 to stockholders of record at
the close of business on September 26, 2024, and an increase in long-term debt. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For the three-month period ended September 30,
2024, cash decreased by approximately 0.2 million compared to a decrease of approximately 1.7 million during the three-month period
ended September 30, 2023. The Company s primary sources of cash are sales and borrowings under its credit facility. The Company s
primary uses of cash are purchases of the products sold by the Company, employee related costs, and the cash consideration paid in connection
with business acquisitions. 

Working Capital 

Working capital increased from 32.1 million at
June 30, 2024 to 34.5 million at September 30, 2024, primarily reflecting increases in accounts receivable, inventory, and other current
assets, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes the Company s cash flow activity
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash provided (used) by: 

Operating activities 
 207 
 1,540 
 
 Investing activities 
 (7,138 
 (1,958 
 
 Financing activities 
 6,746 
 (1,314 

23 

The individual items contributing to cash flow
changes for the periods presented are detailed in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows included in Item 1 of
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Operating Activities 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
operating activities provided cash of 0.2 million compared to 1.5 million of cash provided by operating activities during the three
months ended September 30, 2023. This 1.3 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to changes
in working capital, partially offset by an increase in net income. The changes in working capital include increases in cash provided by
operating activities from changes in operating assets such as vendor deposits and accounts payable, partially offset by increases to the
cash used by operating activities from changes in accounts receivable, inventories, other current and noncurrent assets, and customer
deposits. 

Investing Activities 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
investing activities used cash of 7.1 million compared to 2.0 million of cash used by investing activities during the three months ended
September 30, 2023. This 5.1 million increase was primarily attributable to an increase in cash paid in connection with business acquisitions. 

Financing Activities 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
financing activities provided cash of 6.7 million compared to 1.3 million of cash used by financing activities during the three months
ended September 30, 2023. This 8.0 million increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to an increase
in net borrowings to fund investing activities. 

Revolving Credit Agreement 

The Company is party, as borrower, to a syndicated
credit agreement (the Credit Agreement which allows for borrowings in the maximum aggregate principal amount of up to 100
million, with an accordion feature to increase the revolving credit facility by up to 40 million for a total of 140 million. A portion
of the revolving credit facility is available for swingline loans of up to a sublimit of 5 million and for the issuance of standby letters
of credit of up to a sublimit of 10 million. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings (other than swingline loans) under the Credit Agreement
bore interest, at a rate, at the Company s election at the time of borrowing, equal to (a) the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index
rate (the BSBY rate plus a margin that ranges between 1.25 and 1.75 depending on the Company s consolidated leverage
ratio, which is a ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
(EBITDA) (the Consolidated Leverage Ratio or (b) the highest of (i) prime, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 50 basis points,
and (iii) the BSBY rate plus 100 basis points (such highest rate, the Base Rate ), plus a margin that ranged between 0.25 
and 0.75 depending on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio. Swingline loans generally bore interest at the Base Rate plus a margin that ranges
between 0.25 and 0.75 depending on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio. As previously disclosed, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement,
in connection with the discontinuation of the BSBY rate, the BSBY rate was to be replaced, when determined by the administrative agent
under the Credit Agreement, with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a SOFR adjustment ranging from a minimum
of 0.11 to a maximum of 0.43 . Such replacement occurred during October 2024. The maturity date of the Credit Agreement is May 6, 2027. 

The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants,
including financial covenants requiring the Company to comply with maximum leverage ratios and minimum interest coverage ratios. The Credit
Agreement also contains other provisions which may restrict the Company s ability to, among other things, dispose of or acquire
assets or businesses, incur additional indebtedness, make certain investments and capital expenditures, pay dividends, repurchase shares
and enter into transactions with affiliates. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with its covenants under the Credit
Agreement and 64.6 million was available to borrow under the revolving credit facility. 

24 

The obligations of the Company under the Credit
Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, and are guaranteed, jointly and
severally, by certain of the Company s subsidiaries. 

The Company believes that its existing cash, anticipated
cash from operations and funds available under the Company s Credit Agreement will be sufficient to fund its operations and anticipated
capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months and thereafter. The Company may also seek to raise funds through the issuance
of equity and/or debt securities or the incurrence of additional secured or unsecured indebtedness, including in connection with acquisitions
or other transactions pursued by the Company as part of its buy-and-build growth strategy. 

Inflation 

Inflation did not have a significant effect on
the Company s results during any of the reported periods. However, the Company faces risks relating to inflation, including the
current inflationary trend, which may have an adverse impact on the market for the Company s products and services, including that
there is no assurance that the Company will be able to effectively increase the price of its products and services to offset increased
costs. 

Transactions with Related Parties 

Certain of the Company s subsidiaries lease
warehouse and office space from one or more of the principals or former principals of those subsidiaries. These leases include the following: 

On October 10, 2016, the Company s wholly-owned
subsidiary, Western State Design, entered into a lease agreement pursuant to which it leases 17,600 square feet of warehouse
and office space from an affiliate of Dennis Mack, a director and employee of the Company, and Tom Marks, Executive Vice President, Business
Development and President of the West Region of the Company. The lease had an initial term of five years and provides for two successive three-year
renewal terms at the option of the Company. Monthly base rental payments were 12,000 during the initial term of the lease. The Company
exercised its option to renew the lease for the first three-year renewal term, which commenced in October 2021. Base rent for the first
renewal term was 19,000 per month. The Company intends to renew the lease for the second renewal term and is evaluating the market
rate to establish the base rent for the second renewal term. In addition to base rent, Western State Design is responsible under the lease
for costs related to real estate taxes, utilities, maintenance, repairs and insurance. Payments under this lease totaled approximately
 57,000 during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

On November 1, 2018, the Company s wholly-owned
subsidiary, AAdvantage Laundry Systems, entered into a lease agreement pursuant to which it leases warehouse and office space from an
affiliate of Mike Zuffinetti, former Chief Executive Officer of AAdvantage. Monthly base rental payments under this lease were 26,000 initially.
Pursuant to the lease agreement, on January 1, 2019, the lease expanded to cover additional warehouse space and, in connection therewith,
monthly base rental payments under this lease increased to 36,000. In addition to base rent, AAdvantage is responsible under the lease
for costs related to real estate taxes, utilities, maintenance, repairs and insurance. The lease had an initial term of five years and
provides for two successive three-year renewal terms at the option of the Company. The Company exercised its option to renew the
lease for the first three-year renewal term, which commenced in November 2023. Base rent for the first renewal term is 40,000 per month.
Payments under the lease totaled approximately 120,000 and 108,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

25 

On November 3, 2020, the Company s wholly-owned
subsidiary, Yankee Equipment Systems, entered into a lease agreement pursuant to which it leases a total of 12,500 square feet
of warehouse and office space from an affiliate of Peter Limoncelli, President of Yankee Equipment Systems. Monthly base rental payments
were 11,000 during the initial term of the lease. In addition to base rent, Yankee Equipment Systems is responsible under the lease
for costs related to real estate taxes, utilities, maintenance, repairs and insurance. The lease had an initial term of three years and
provides for three successive three-year renewal terms at the option of the Company. The Company exercised its option to renew this lease
for the first three-year renewal term, which commenced in November 2023. Base rent for the first year of the renewal term was 12,500 per
month. Base rent for the second year of the renewal term is 12,750 per month. Payments under this lease totaled approximately 38,000
during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

In connection with the preparation of its financial
statements, the Company makes estimates and assumptions, including those that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, contingent
assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Estimates and assumptions made may not prove to be correct,
and actual results may differ from the estimates. The accounting policies that the Company has identified as critical to its business
operations and to an understanding of the Company s financial statements remain unchanged from those described in the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

The Company s indebtedness subjects the
Company to interest rate risk. Interest rates are subject to the influence of economic conditions generally, both domestic and foreign,
and also to the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The nature and timing
of any changes in such policies or general economic conditions and the effect they may have on the Company are unpredictable. The Company s
indebtedness may also have other important impacts on the Company, including that the Company will be required to utilize cash flow to
service the debt, indebtedness may make the Company more vulnerable to economic downturns, and the Company s indebtedness subjects
the Company to covenants and may place restrictions on its operations and activities, including its ability to pay dividends and take
certain other actions. As of September 30, 2024, interest on borrowings under the Company s Credit Agreement accrued at a rate,
at the Company s election at the time of borrowing, equal to (a) the BSBY rate plus a margin that ranges from 1.25 to 1.75 depending
on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, which is a ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) (the Consolidated Leverage Ratio or (b) the highest of (i) prime,
(ii) the federal funds rate plus 50 basis points, and (iii) the BSBY rate plus 100 basis points, plus a margin that ranges from 0.25 
to 0.75 depending on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 20 million of outstanding
borrowings under the Credit Agreement with a weighted average interest rate of 6.40 . Based on the amount outstanding at September 30,
2024, a hypothetical 1 increase in daily interest rates would increase the Company s annual interest expense by approximately 200,000.
As previously described, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, in connection with the discontinuation of the BSBY rate, the BSBY
rate was replaced during October 2024 with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a SOFR adjustment ranging from
a minimum of 0.11 to a maximum of 0.43 . 

26 

All of the Company s export sales require
the customer to make payment in United States dollars. Accordingly, foreign sales may be affected by the strength of the United States
dollar relative to the currencies of the countries in which the Company s customers are located, as well as the strength of the
economies of the countries in which the Company s customers are located. The Company has, at times in the past, paid certain suppliers
in Euros. The Company had no foreign exchange contracts outstanding at September 30, 2024 or June 30, 2024. 

The Company s cash is maintained in bank
accounts which bear interest at prevailing interest rates. While depositary accounts are covered by FDIC insurance and the Company
does not currently believe that it is exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the banks in which the Company s
cash is held, there have been adverse events related to the soundness of financial institutions, including a number of smaller bank
failures, and the Company has exposure to the extent its cash balances exceed the current 250,000 in maximum FDIC coverage. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company
maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act )) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted by
the Company under, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and
is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, the Company s management, with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the
Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules
and forms of the SEC and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The Company s management,
including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and improper conduct. A control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures
within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports or that
the objectives of the control system will otherwise be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in
all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of improper conduct,
if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
or by the collusion of two or more people. Further, the design of any control system is based in part upon assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any such design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

27 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company may become involved
in, or subject to, legal and regulatory claims, proceedings, demands or actions arising in the ordinary course of business. There have
been no material changes with respect to such matters from the disclosure included in the Legal Proceedings section of the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes in the risk
factors that the Company faces from those disclosed in the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

The Company does not
have in place any formal share repurchase plans or programs. Upon request by a recipient of awards granted under the Company s equity
incentive plan, the Company may issue shares upon the vesting of restricted stock awards or restricted stock units, or the grant of stock
awards, net of the statutory tax withholding requirements that the Company pays on behalf of its employees. For financial statement purposes,
the shares withheld are treated as being repurchased by the Company and are reflected as repurchases in the Company s condensed
consolidated statements of cash flows and shareholders equity as they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued.
The following table provides information concerning shares of the Company s common stock treated as repurchased during the quarter
ended September 30, 2024 in connection with the issuance of shares upon the vesting of restricted stock awards or restricted stock units
net of statutory tax withholding requirements: 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 as a Part of Publicly Announced 
Programs 
 Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 
 
 July 1 July 31, 2024 

August 1 August 31, 2024 

September 1 September 30, 2024 
 12,952 
 19.61 

Total 
 12,952 
 19.61 

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, the Company did not repurchase any shares other than shares treated as repurchased upon the vesting of restricted
stock awards or restricted stock units net of statutory tax withholding requirements as described and set forth above. 

28 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) or a
Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

29 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 

Number 
 Description 

31.01 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.02 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

+32.01 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

+32.02 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

+ Furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 EVI Industries, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Robert H. Lazar 

Robert H. Lazar 

Chief Financial Officer 

31 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 ex31-01.htm
 EX-31.01

EXHIBIT 31.01 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Henry M. Nahmad, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EVI Industries, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

1 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ Henry M. Nahmad 

Henry M. Nahmad 

Principal Executive Officer 

2 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 ex31-02.htm
 EX-31.02

EXHIBIT 31.02 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert H. Lazar, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of EVI Industries, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

1 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ Robert H. Lazar 

Robert H. Lazar 

Principal Financial Officer 

2 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 ex32-01.htm
 EX-32.01

EXHIBIT 32.01 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EVI Industries, Inc. (the Company for the quarter
ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Henry
M. Nahmad, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

November 12, 2024 

/s/ Henry M. Nahmad 

Henry M. Nahmad 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 ex32-02.htm
 EX-32.02

EXHIBIT 32.02 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EVI Industries, Inc. (the Company for the quarter
ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert
H. Lazar, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

November 12, 2024 

/s/ Robert H. Lazar 

Robert H. Lazar 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 evi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 evi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 evi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 evi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 evi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

