<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_34782_0000034782-24-000114.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15789582</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151924</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1736709</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7739372</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2944880</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2799886</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000034782-24-000114.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024161710
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000034782-24-000114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			1ST SOURCE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000034782
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				351068133
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06233
		FILM NUMBER:		241392874

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 NORTH MICHIGAN STREET
		CITY:			SOUTH BEND
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5742352702

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1602
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1602
		CITY:			SOUTH BEND
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46634

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FBT BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19820818

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000034782-24-000114.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 source-20240930.htm
 10-Q 3RD QUARTER 2024

source-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x o No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October 18, 2024 shares 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 44 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 SIGNATURES 
 45 

2 

Table of Contents 

1st SOURCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (Unaudited - Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits with other banks Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value Other investments Mortgages held for sale Loans and leases, net of unearned discount: Commercial and agricultural Renewable energy Auto and light truck Medium and heavy duty truck Aircraft Construction equipment Commercial real estate Residential real estate and home equity Consumer Total loans and leases Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) Net loans and leases Equipment owned under operating leases, net Premises and equipment, net Goodwill and intangible assets Accrued income and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Deposits: Noninterest-bearing demand Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-bearing demand Savings Time Total interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings: Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other short-term borrowings Total short-term borrowings Long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities Subordinated notes Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock; par value 
 Authorized shares; issued or outstanding 
 Common stock; par value 
 Authorized shares; issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Retained earnings Cost of common stock in treasury shares at September 30, 2024 and shares at December 31, 2023) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are a part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 1st SOURCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited - Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income: Loans and leases Investment securities, taxable Investment securities, tax-exempt Other Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Short-term borrowings Subordinated notes Long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income: Trust and wealth advisory Service charges on deposit accounts Debit card Mortgage banking Insurance commissions Equipment rental Losses on investment securities available-for-sale ) Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy Furniture and equipment Data processing Depreciation leased equipment Professional fees FDIC and other insurance Business development and marketing Other Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income available to common shareholders Per common share: Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 The accompanying notes are a part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 1st SOURCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited - Dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of available-for-sale securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized losses included in net income Income tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) available to common shareholders 
 The accompanying notes are a part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 1st SOURCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited - Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended Preferred Stock Common Stock Retained Earnings Cost of Common Stock in Treasury Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Total Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Issuance of common shares under stock based compensation awards 
 Cost of shares of common stock acquired for treasury 
 ) ) ) Common stock dividend per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at July 1, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income Issuance of common shares under stock based compensation awards 
 Common stock dividend per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended Preferred Stock Common Stock Retained Earnings Cost of Common Stock in Treasury Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Total Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Issuance of common shares under stock based compensation awards 
 Cost of shares of common stock acquired for treasury 
 ) ) ) Common stock dividend per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income Issuance of common shares under stock based compensation awards 
 Common stock dividend per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Liquidation of noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are a part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 1st SOURCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited - Dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation of premises and equipment Depreciation of equipment owned and leased to others Stock-based compensation Amortization of investment securities premiums and accretion of discounts, net Amortization of mortgage servicing rights Amortization of right of use assets Deferred income taxes ) Losses on investment securities available-for-sale Originations of loans held for sale, net of principal collected ) ) Proceeds from the sales of loans held for sale Net gain on sale of loans held for sale ) ) Net gain on sale of other real estate and repossessions ) ) Change in interest receivable ) ) Change in interest payable Change in other assets ) Change in other liabilities Other ) Net change in operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from sales of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of investment securities available-for-sale Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Net change in partnership investments ) ) Net change in other investments Loans sold or participated to others Proceeds from principal payments on direct finance leases Net change in loans and leases ) ) Net change in equipment owned under operating leases Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from disposal of premises and equipment Proceeds from sales of other real estate and repossessions Net change in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Net change in demand deposits and savings accounts ) ) Net change in time deposits Net change in short-term borrowings ) Payments on long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities ) ) Stock issued under stock purchase plans Acquisition of treasury stock ) Net (distributions to) contributions from noncontrolling interests ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Net change in financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental Information: Non-cash transactions: Loans transferred to other real estate and repossessed assets Common stock matching contribution to Employee Stock Ownership and Profit Sharing Plan Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Liquidation of noncontrolling interests Purchases of mandatorily redeemable securities with common stock 
 The accompanying notes are a part of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 1ST SOURCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1 
 . 
 Occasionally, the Company modifies loans and leases to borrowers in financial distress (typically denoted by internal credit quality graded substandard or worse) by providing term extensions, other-than-insignificant payment delays, or interest rate reductions. In some cases, a combination of modifications are made to the same loan or lease. These modifications typically result from the Company s loss mitigation activities. If the Company determines that the value of the modified loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs, deferred loan fees or costs and unamortized premium or discount), impairment is recognized through an allowance for loan and lease losses estimate or a charge-off to the allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Note 2 
 
 Note 3 
 ) U.S. States and political subdivisions securities ) Mortgage-backed securities Federal agencies ) Corporate debt securities Foreign government and other securities Total debt securities available-for-sale ) December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasury and Federal agencies securities ) U.S. States and political subdivisions securities ) Mortgage-backed securities Federal agencies ) Corporate debt securities ) Foreign government and other securities ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) 
 Amortized cost excludes accrued interest receivable which is included in Accrued Income and Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued interest receivable on investment securities available-for-sale was million and million, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the residential mortgage-backed securities held by the Company consisted primarily of GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC pass-through certificates which are guaranteed by those respective agencies of the United States government (Government Sponsored Enterprise, GSEs). 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total debt securities available-for-sale 
 securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. 
 Less than 12 Months 12 months or Longer Total (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses September 30, 2024 U.S. Treasury and Federal agencies securities ) ) ) U.S. States and political subdivisions securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - Federal agencies ) ) ) Corporate debt securities Foreign government and other securities Total debt securities available-for-sale ) ) ) December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasury and Federal agencies securities ) ) U.S. States and political subdivisions securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities - Federal agencies ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Foreign government and other securities ) ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) ) ) 
 The Company does not consider available-for-sale securities with unrealized losses at September 30, 2024, to be experiencing credit losses and recognized no resulting allowance for credit losses. The Company does not intend to sell these investments, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these investments before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be the maturity dates of the securities. The unrealized losses occurred as a result of changes in interest rates, market spreads and market conditions subsequent to purchase. 
 Gross realized losses ) Net realized losses ) 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, investment securities available-for-sale with carrying values of million and million, respectively, were pledged as collateral for security repurchase agreements and for other purposes. 
 
 Note 4 
 methods to assess credit risk: loan or lease credit quality grades and credit risk classifications. The purpose of the loan or lease credit quality grade is to document the degree of risk associated with individual credits, as well as inform management of the degree of risk in the portfolio taken as a whole. Credit risk classifications are used to categorize loans by degree of risk and to designate individual or committee approval authorities for higher risk credits at the time of origination. Credit risk classifications include categories for: Acceptable, Marginal, Special Attention, Special Risk, Restricted by Policy, Regulated and Prohibited by Law. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 are reviewed quarterly as part of management s evaluation of the appropriateness of the allowance for loan and lease losses. Grade 7 credits are defined as watch and contain greater than average credit risk and are monitored to limit the exposure to increased risk; grade 8 credits are special mention and, following regulatory guidelines, are defined as having potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. Credits that exhibit well-defined weaknesses and a distinct possibility of loss are considered classified and are graded 9 through 12 corresponding to the regulatory definitions of substandard (grades 9 and 10) and the more severe doubtful (grade 11) and loss (grade 12). For residential real estate and home equity and consumer loans, credit quality is based on the aging status of the loan and by payment activity. Nonperforming loans are those loans which are on nonaccrual status or are days or more past due. 
 Below is a summary of the Company s loan and lease portfolio segments and a discussion of the risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment. 
 Commercial and agricultural loans are to entities within the Company s local market communities. Loans are for business or agri-business purposes and include working capital lines of credit secured by accounts receivable and inventory that are generally renewable annually and term loans secured by equipment with amortizations based on the expected life of the underlying collateral, generally three to . These loans are typically further supported by personal guarantees. Commercial exposure is to a wide range of industries and services. Risks in this sector are also varied and are most impacted by general economic conditions. Risk mitigants include appropriate underwriting and monitoring and, when appropriate, government guarantees, including SBA and FSA. 
 Renewable energy loans are for the purpose of financing solar related projects and may include construction draw notes, operating loans, letters of credit and may entail a tax equity structure. Collateral in a multi-state area includes tangible assets of the borrower, assignment of intangible assets including power purchase agreements, and pledges of permits and licenses. Financing is provided to qualified borrowers throughout the continental United States with an emphasis on the region east of the Rocky Mountains. 
 Auto and light truck loans are secured by vehicles and borrowers are nationwide. The portfolio predominantly consists of loans to borrowers in the auto rental and commercial auto leasing industries. Borrowers in the auto rental segment are primarily independent auto rental entities with on-airport and off-airport locations, and some insurance replacement business. Loan amortizations are relatively short, generally , but up to . Auto leasing customers lease to businesses and the Company takes assignment of the lease stream and places its lien on the vehicles. Terms are generally longer than the auto rental sector, three to and match the underlying leases. Risks in both these segments include economic risks and collateral risks, principally used vehicle values. 
 Medium and heavy duty truck loans and full-service truck leases are secured by heavy-duty trucks, commonly Class 8 trucks, and are generally personally guaranteed. In addition to economic risks, collateral risk is significant. Financing is generally at full cost, plus additional expenditures to get the vehicle operational, such as taxes, insurance and fees. It takes three to of debt amortization to reach an equity position in the collateral. 
 Aircraft loans are to domestic and foreign borrowers with the domestic segment further divided into pools: 1) personal and business use, and 2) dealers and operators. The Company s focus for the foreign sector is Latin America, principally Mexico and Brazil. Loans are primarily secured by new and used business jets and helicopters, with appropriate advances, amortizations of ten to , and are generally guaranteed by individuals. The most significant risk in the Aircraft portfolio is collateral risk - volatility in underlying values and maintenance concerns. The portfolio is subject to national and global economic risks. 
 Construction equipment loans are to borrowers throughout the country secured by specific equipment. The borrowers include highway and road builders, asphalt producers and pavers, suppliers of aggregate products, site developers, frac sand operations, general construction equipment dealers and operators, and crane rental entities. Generally, loans include personal guarantees. The construction equipment industry is heavily dependent on both the U.S. and global economy. Market growth is reliant on investments from public and private sectors into urbanization and infrastructure projects. 
 Commercial real estate loans are generally to entities within the local market communities served by the Company with advances generally within regulatory guidelines. Historically, the Company s exposure to commercial real estate has been primarily to the less risky owner-occupied segment. The non-owner-occupied segment accounts for less than half of the commercial real estate portfolio and includes hotels, apartment complexes and warehousing facilities. There is limited exposure to construction loans. Many commercial real estate loans carry personal guarantees. Additional risks in the commercial real estate portfolio stem from geographical concentration in northern Indiana and southwest Michigan and general economic conditions. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Grades 7-12 Total commercial and agricultural Current period gross charge-offs Renewable energy Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total renewable energy Current period gross charge-offs Auto and light truck Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total auto and light truck Current period gross charge-offs Medium and heavy duty truck Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total medium and heavy duty truck Current period gross charge-offs Aircraft Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total aircraft Current period gross charge-offs Construction equipment Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total construction equipment Current period gross charge-offs Commercial real estate Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total commercial real estate Current period gross charge-offs Residential real estate and home equity Performing Nonperforming Total residential real estate and home equity Current period gross charge-offs Consumer Performing Nonperforming Total consumer Current period gross charge-offs 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Grades 7-12 Total commercial and agricultural Current period gross charge-offs Renewable energy Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total renewable energy Current period gross charge-offs Auto and light truck Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total auto and light truck Current period gross charge-offs Medium and heavy duty truck Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total medium and heavy duty truck Current period gross charge-offs Aircraft Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total aircraft Current period gross charge-offs Construction equipment Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total construction equipment Current period gross charge-offs Commercial real estate Grades 1-6 Grades 7-12 Total commercial real estate Current period gross charge-offs Residential real estate and home equity Performing Nonperforming Total residential real estate and home equity Current period gross charge-offs Consumer Performing Nonperforming Total consumer Current period gross charge-offs 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Renewable energy Auto and light truck Medium and heavy duty truck Aircraft Construction equipment Commercial real estate Residential real estate and home equity Consumer Total December 31, 2023 Commercial and agricultural Renewable energy Auto and light truck Medium and heavy duty truck Aircraft Construction equipment Commercial real estate Residential real estate and home equity Consumer Total 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans and leases at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Commercial real estate Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial and agricultural Total 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Auto and light truck Commercial real estate Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial and agricultural Construction equipment Commercial real estate Total 
 There were million and million in commitments to lend additional amounts to the borrowers included in the previous table at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Auto and light truck Medium and heavy duty truck Commercial real estate Total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Commercial and agricultural Construction equipment Commercial real estate Total 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Auto and light truck Medium and heavy duty truck Commercial real estate Total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Commercial and agricultural Construction equipment Commercial real estate Total 
 There was modified loan that had a payment default during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and modified loan that had a payment default during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and were modified in the twelve months prior to that default to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. 
 
 Upon the Company s determination that a modified loan or lease has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the loan or lease is written off. Therefore, the amortized cost of the loan is reduced by the uncollectible amount and the allowance for loan and lease losses is adjusted by the same amount. 
 
 Note 5 
 segments based on similar risk characteristics. Loans within each segment are collectively evaluated using either: 1) a cohort cumulative loss rate methodology cohort or, 2) the probability of default PD )/loss given default LGD methodology (PD/LGD). 
 
 The following table shows the changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses, segregated by portfolio segment, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Charge-offs Recoveries Net charge-offs (recoveries) ) ) ) ) ) Provision (recovery of provision) ) ) ) Balance, end of period September 30, 2023 Balance, beginning of period Charge-offs Recoveries Net charge-offs (recoveries) ) ) ) Provision (recovery of provision) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 The following table shows the changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses, segregated by portfolio segment, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and agricultural Renewable energy Auto and light truck Medium and heavy duty truck Aircraft Construction equipment Commercial real estate Residential real estate and home equity Consumer Total September 30, 2024 Balance, beginning of period Charge-offs Recoveries Net charge-offs (recoveries) ) ) ) ) ) Provision (recovery of provision) ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period September 30, 2023 Balance, beginning of period Charge-offs Recoveries Net charge-offs (recoveries) ) ) ) ) ) Provision (recovery of provision) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 The higher allowance for credit losses during the current quarter reflects an increase in special attention outstandings which carry higher reserves, the impact of a change in quantitative assumptions regarding the treatment of renewals for loans in special attention which increased historical loss rates primarily in the commercial and agricultural and construction equipment portfolios, and modest net credit losses during the period. The previous quarter s forecast adjustment was increased slightly as a mixed overall outlook and softening economic conditions are anticipated during the two-year time horizon. The Company remains cautious on the forward outlook and its forecast adjustment represents fragile growth expectations during the forecast period. Ongoing risks include heightened geopolitical instability, tightened credit conditions, increasing consumer stressors, a softening labor market, and elevated inflation and interest rates. Credit quality metrics reflect higher special attention outstandings during the current quarter, with modest levels of non-performing and delinquency that are trending higher. The Company reported modest net losses during the current quarter, reporting credit losses in the commercial and agricultural and consumer portfolios, partially offset by recoveries in the auto and light truck, commercial real estate, and aircraft portfolios. 
 Commercial and agricultural the increase in the allowance in the current quarter was principally due to higher loss rates from the aforementioned change in quantitative assumptions regarding renewals of special attention loans along with slightly higher loan balances during the period. Also, the portfolio has experienced higher credit losses in recent quarters. 
 Renewable energy the allowance increased due to higher loan balances. Credit quality remains stable. 
 Auto and light truck the allowance increased during the current quarter due to increased special attention loan balances which carry higher reserves, largely offset by a decrease in loan balances during the period. 
 Medium and heavy duty truck the allowance decreased due to lower loan balances. The near-term industry outlook remains weak due to overcapacity in the segment which has negatively pressured freight rates. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

(Recovery of provision) provision ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 Note 6 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Operating leases: Income related to lease payments Depreciation expense 
 Income related to reimbursements from lessees for personal property tax on operating leased equipment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. Expense related to personal property tax payments on operating leased equipment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 7 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) are evaluated for impairment at each reporting date. For purposes of impairment measurement, MSRs are stratified based on the predominant risk characteristics of the underlying servicing, principally by loan type. If temporary impairment exists within a tranche, a valuation allowance is established through a charge to income equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. If it is later determined all or a portion of the temporary impairment no longer exists for a particular tranche, the valuation allowance is reduced through a recovery of income. 
 Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) Carrying value before valuation allowance at end of period Valuation allowance: Balance at beginning of period Impairment recoveries Balance at end of period Net carrying value of mortgage servicing rights at end of period Fair value of mortgage servicing rights at end of period 
 At September 30, 2024 and 2023, the fair value of MSRs exceeded the carrying value reported in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition by million and million, respectively. This difference represents increases in the fair value of certain MSRs that could not be recorded above cost basis. 
 Mortgage loan contractual servicing fees, including late fees and ancillary income, were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Mortgage loan contractual servicing fees, including late fees and ancillary income, were million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Mortgage loan contractual servicing fees are included in Mortgage Banking on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8 
 Standby letters of credit Commercial and similar letters of credit 
 The exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instruments for loan commitments and standby letters of credit is represented by the dollar amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies and collateral requirements in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. 
 The Company grants mortgage loan commitments to borrowers, subject to normal loan underwriting standards. The interest rate risk associated with these loan commitments is managed by entering into contracts for future deliveries of loans. Loan commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments that guarantee the performance of a client to a third party. The credit risk involved in and collateral obtained when issuing standby letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan commitments to clients. Standby letters of credit generally have terms ranging from to . 
 Commercial letters of credit are issued specifically to facilitate commerce and typically result in the commitment being drawn on when the underlying transaction is consummated between the customer and the third party. Commercial letters of credit generally have terms ranging from to . 
 
 Note 9 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Other assets Other liabilities Loan commitments Mortgages held for sale N/A Forward contracts - mortgage loan N/A Mortgages held for sale Total December 31, 2023 Interest rate swap contracts Other assets Other liabilities Loan commitments Mortgages held for sale N/A Forward contracts - mortgage loan N/A Mortgages held for sale Total 
 ) ) Interest rate swap contracts Other income Loan commitments Mortgage banking ) ) Forward contracts - mortgage loan Mortgage banking ) Total 
 December 31, 2023 Interest rate swaps 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchase agreements Total December 31, 2023 Interest rate swaps Repurchase agreements Total 
 If a default in performance of any obligation of a repurchase agreement occurs, each party will set-off property held in respect of transactions against obligations owing in respect of any other transactions. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, repurchase agreements had a remaining contractual maturity of million and million in overnight and million and million in up to 30 days, respectively and were collateralized by U.S. Treasury and Federal agencies securities. 
 
 Note 10 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company also recognized million and million of investment tax credits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Company is not required to consolidate VIEs in which it has concluded it does not have a controlling financial interest, and thus is not the primary beneficiary. In such cases, the Company does not have both the power to direct the entities most significant activities and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIEs. As a limited partner in these operating partnerships, the Company is allocated credits and deductions associated with the underlying properties. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these investments because the general partners have the power to direct activities that most significantly influence the economic performance of their respective partnerships. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Unfunded capital and other commitments Maximum exposure to loss 
 The Company is required to consolidate VIEs in which it has concluded it has significant involvement and the ability to direct the activities that impact the entity s economic performance. The Company is the managing general partner of entities in which it shares interest in tax-advantaged investments with a third party. At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, approximately million and million, respectively, of the Company s assets and million and million, respectively, of its liabilities included on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition were related to tax-advantaged investment VIEs which the Company has consolidated. The assets of the consolidated VIEs are reported in Other Assets, the liabilities are reported in Other Liabilities, and the non-controlling interest is reported in Equity on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The assets of a particular VIE are the primary source of funds to settle its obligations. The creditors of the VIE do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company. The Company s exposure to the consolidated VIE is generally limited to the carrying value of its variable interest plus any related tax credits previously recognized. 
 Additionally, the Company sponsors trust, 1st Source Master Trust (Capital Trust), of which of the common equity is owned by the Company. The Capital Trust was formed in 2007 for the purpose of issuing corporation-obligated mandatorily redeemable capital securities (the capital securities) to third-party investors and investing the proceeds from the sale of the capital securities solely in junior subordinated debenture securities of the Company (the subordinated notes). The subordinated notes held by the Capital Trust are the sole assets of the Capital Trust. The Capital Trust qualifies as a variable interest entity for which the Company is not the primary beneficiary and is therefore reported in the financial statements as an unconsolidated subsidiary. The junior subordinated debentures are reflected as subordinated notes on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition with the corresponding interest distributions reflected as Interest Expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The common shares issued by the Capital Trust are included in Other Assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 Distributions on the capital securities issued by the Capital Trust are payable quarterly at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate being earned by the Capital Trust on the subordinated notes held by the Capital Trust. The capital securities are subject to mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, upon repayment of the subordinated notes. The Company has entered into agreements which, taken collectively, fully and unconditionally guarantee the capital securities subject to the terms of each of the guarantees. The capital securities held by the Capital Trust qualify as Tier 1 capital under Federal Reserve Board guidelines. 
 August 2007 issuance (2) Total 
 
 (1) Fixed rate through life of debt. 
 (2) 3-Month Term SOFR + the 3-Month tenor spread adjustment + through remaining life of debt. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11 
 stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Undistributed earnings allocated to common stock Net earnings allocated to common stock Net earnings allocated to participating securities Net income allocated to common stock and participating securities Weighted average shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Dilutive effect of stock compensation Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted earnings per common share Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 

Note 12 
 active stock-based employee compensation plans, which are more fully described in Note 16 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in 1st Source s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These plans include executive stock award plans, the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP), the Restricted Stock Award Plan (RSAP), the Strategic Deployment Incentive Plan (SDP); and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The 2011 Stock Option Plan was approved by the shareholders on April 21, 2011, but the Company had not made any grants through September 30, 2024. 
 Stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based compensation awards granted is based on the grant-date fair value. For all awards except stock option awards, the grant date fair value is either the fair market value per share or book value per share (corresponding to the type of stock awarded) as of the grant date. For stock option awards, the grant date fair value is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. For all awards, the Company recognizes these compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award, for which the Company uses the related vesting term. 
 Total fair value of options vested and expensed was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023 there were outstanding stock options. There were stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. All shares issued in connection with stock option exercises are issued from available treasury stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13 
 2023 2024 2023 Realized losses included in net income ) Losses on investment securities available-for-sale ) Income before income taxes Tax effect Income tax expense Net of tax ) Net income 

Note 14 
 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Interest and penalties are recognized through the income tax provision. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized interest or penalties. There were accrued interest and penalties at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Tax years that remain open and subject to audit include the federal 2020-2023 years and the Indiana 2020-2023 years. The Company does not anticipate a significant change in the amount of uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months. 
 
 Note 15 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 (1) December 31, 2023 Mortgages held for sale reported at fair value (1) 
 
 (1) 
 Financial Instruments on Recurring Basis: 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 Investment securities available-for-sale are valued primarily by a third-party pricing agent. Prices supplied by the independent pricing agent, as well as their pricing methodologies and assumptions, are reviewed by the Company for reasonableness and to ensure such prices are aligned with market levels. In general, the Company s investment securities do not possess a complex structure that could introduce greater valuation risk. The portfolio mainly consists of traditional investments including U.S. Treasury and Federal agencies securities, Federal agency mortgage pass-through securities, and general obligation and revenue municipal bonds. Pricing for such instruments is fairly generic and is easily obtained. On a quarterly basis, prices supplied by the pricing agent are validated by comparison to prices obtained from other third-party sources for a material portion of the portfolio. 
 The valuation policy and procedures for Level 3 fair value measurements of available-for-sale debt securities are decided through collaboration between management of the Corporate Accounting and Funds Management departments. The changes in fair value measurement for Level 3 securities are analyzed on a periodic basis under a collaborative framework with the aforementioned departments. The methodology and variables used for input are derived from the combination of observable and unobservable inputs. The unobservable inputs are determined through internal assumptions that may vary from period to period due to external factors, such as market movement and credit rating adjustments. 
 Both the market and income valuation approaches are implemented using the following types of inputs: 
 U.S. treasuries are priced using the market approach and utilizing live data feeds from active market exchanges for identical securities. 
 Government-sponsored agency debt securities and corporate bonds are primarily priced using available market information through processes such as benchmark curves, market valuations of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing. 
 Other government-sponsored agency securities, mortgage-backed securities and some of the actively traded REMICs and CMOs, are primarily priced using available market information including benchmark yields, prepayment speeds, spreads and volatility of similar securities. 
 State and political subdivisions are largely grouped by characteristics, i.e., geographical data and source of revenue in trade dissemination systems. Since some securities are not traded daily and due to other grouping limitations, active market quotes are often obtained using benchmarking for like securities. Local direct placement municipal securities, with very little market activity, are priced using an appropriate market yield curve, which includes a credit spread assumption. 
 Mortgages held for sale and the related loan commitments and forward contracts (hedges) are valued by a third-party pricing agent. Prices supplied by the independent pricing agent, as well as their pricing methodologies, are reviewed by the Company for reasonableness and to ensure such prices are aligned with market values. On a quarterly basis, prices supplied by the pricing agent are validated by comparison to the prices obtained from other third-party sources. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. States and political subdivisions securities Mortgage-backed securities Federal agencies Corporate debt securities Foreign government and other securities Total debt securities available-for-sale Mortgages held for sale Accrued income and other assets (interest rate swap agreements) Total Liabilities: Accrued expenses and other liabilities (interest rate swap agreements) Total December 31, 2023 Assets: Investment securities available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury and Federal agencies securities U.S. States and political subdivisions securities Mortgage-backed securities Federal agencies Corporate debt securities Foreign government and other securities Total debt securities available-for-sale Mortgages held for sale Accrued income and other assets (interest rate swap agreements) Total Liabilities: Accrued expenses and other liabilities (interest rate swap agreements) Total 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized): Included in earnings Included in other comprehensive income (loss) Purchases Issuances Sales Settlements Maturities Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 Ending balance September 30, 2024 Beginning balance July 1, 2023 Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized): Included in earnings Included in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Purchases Issuances Sales Settlements Maturities ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 Ending balance September 30, 2023 
 There were gains or losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 Discounted cash flows Credit spread assumption - 
 December 31, 2023 Debt securities available-for sale 
 Direct placement municipal securities 
 Discounted cash flows Credit spread assumption - 
 
 Financial Instruments on Non-recurring Basis: 
 The Company may be required, from time to time, to measure certain other financial assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower of cost or market accounting or impairment charges of individual assets. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 . Likewise, autos are valued using current auction values, discounted by ; medium and heavy duty trucks are valued using trade publications and auction values, discounted by . Construction equipment is generally valued using trade publications and auction values, discounted by . Real estate is valued based on appraisals or evaluations, discounted by with higher discounts for property in poor condition or property with characteristics which may make it more difficult to market. Commercial loans subject to borrowing base certificates are generally discounted by for receivables and - for inventory with higher discounts when monthly borrowing base certificates are not required or received. 
 Collateral-dependent impaired loans and related write-downs are based on the fair value of the underlying collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Collateral values are reviewed quarterly and estimated using customized discounting criteria, appraisals and dealer and trade magazine quotes which are used in a market valuation approach. In accordance with fair value measurements, only impaired loans for which an allowance for loan loss has been established based on the fair value of collateral require classification in the fair value hierarchy. As a result, only a portion of the Company s impaired loans are classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 The Company has established MSRs valuation policies and procedures based on industry standards and to ensure valuation methodologies are consistent and verifiable. MSRs and related adjustments to fair value result from application of lower of cost or fair value accounting. For purposes of impairment, MSRs are stratified based on the predominant risk characteristics of the underlying servicing, principally by loan type. The fair value of each tranche of the servicing portfolio is estimated by calculating the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, servicing costs, and other economic factors. Prepayment rates and discount rates are derived through a third-party pricing agent. Changes in the most significant inputs, including prepayment rates and discount rates, are compared to the changes in the fair value measurements and appropriate resolution is made. A fair value analysis is also obtained from an independent third-party agent and compared to the internal valuation for reasonableness. MSRs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices and though sales of MSRs do occur, precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available, and the characteristics of the Company s servicing portfolio may differ from those of any servicing portfolios that do trade. 
 Other real estate is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral less expected selling costs. Collateral values are estimated primarily using appraisals and reflect a market value approach. Fair values are reviewed quarterly, and new appraisals are obtained annually. Repossessions are similarly valued. 
 For assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, the following represents impairment charges (recoveries) recognized on these assets during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: collateral-dependent impaired loans - million; mortgage servicing rights - million; repossessions - million; and other real estate - million. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued income and other assets (mortgage servicing rights) Accrued income and other assets (repossessions) Total December 31, 2023 Collateral-dependent impaired loans Accrued income and other assets (mortgage servicing rights) Accrued income and other assets (repossessions) Total 
 Collateral based measurements including appraisals, trade publications, and auction values Discount for lack of marketability and current conditions - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate (CPR) - 
 Discount rate - 
 Repossessions Appraisals, trade publications and auction values Discount for lack of marketability - 
 December 31, 2023 Collateral-dependent impaired loans Collateral based measurements including appraisals, trade publications, and auction values Discount for lack of marketability and current conditions - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate (CPR) - 
 Discount rate - 
 Repossessions Appraisals, trade publications and auction values Discount for lack of marketability - 
 
 GAAP requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits with other banks Investment securities, available-for-sale Other investments Mortgages held for sale Loans and leases, net of allowance for loan and lease losses Mortgage servicing rights Accrued interest receivable Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable Interest rate swaps Off-balance-sheet instruments December 31, 2023 Assets: Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits with other banks Investment securities, available-for-sale Other investments Mortgages held for sale Loans and leases, net of allowance for loan and lease losses Mortgage servicing rights Accrued interest receivable Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable Interest rate swaps Off-balance-sheet instruments 
 
 Represents estimated cash outflows required to currently settle the obligations at current market rates. 
 These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and require considerable judgment to interpret market data. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market exchange, nor are they intended to represent the fair value of the Company as a whole. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The fair value estimates presented herein are based on pertinent information available to management as of the respective balance sheet date. Although the Company is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the estimated fair value amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued since the presentation dates, and therefore, estimates of fair value after the balance sheet date may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following management s discussion and analysis is presented to provide information concerning 1st Source Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Company , we , and our financial condition as of September 30, 2024, as compared to December 31, 2023, and the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the financial and statistical data appearing elsewhere in this report and our 2023 Annual Report . 
 Except for historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this document express forward-looking statements. Generally, the words believe, contemplate, seek, plan, possible, assume, hope, expect, intend, targeted, continue, remain, estimate, anticipate, project, will, should, indicate, would, may and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Those statements, including statements, projections, estimates or assumptions concerning future events or performance, and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact, are subject to material risks and uncertainties. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We may make other written or oral forward-looking statements from time to time. Readers are advised that various important factors could cause our actual results or circumstances for future periods to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, changes in law, regulations or GAAP; our competitive position within the markets we serve; increasing consolidation within the banking industry; unforeseen changes in interest rates; unforeseen changes in loan prepayment assumptions; unforeseen downturns in or major events affecting the local, regional or national economies or the industries in which we have credit concentrations; potential impacts of epidemics, pandemics or other infectious disease outbreaks; and other matters discussed in our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2023, which filings are available from the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Our total assets at September 30, 2024 were 8.76 billion, an increase of 35.99 million or 0.41 from December 31, 2023. Total investment securities available-for-sale were 1.56 billion, a decrease of 59.14 million or 3.64 from December 31, 2023. The largest contributor to the decrease in investment securities available-for-sale was expected redemptions, which were used to fund loan growth and pay down borrowings. Federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits with other banks were 69.46 million, an increase of 17.27 million or 33.08 from December 31, 2023. The increase in federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits with other banks was due to higher interest bearing deposits at other banks. 
 Total loans and leases were 6.62 billion, an increase of 97.60 million or 1.50 from December 31, 2023. The largest contributors to the increase in loans and leases was growth in the renewable energy, construction equipment, commercial real estate and residential real estate and home equity portfolios, offset by decreases in the commercial and agricultural, auto and light truck, medium and heavy duty truck, and aircraft portfolios. Our foreign loan and lease balances, all denominated in U.S. dollar s were 304.00 million and 302.41 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Foreign loans and leases are in aircraft financing. Loan and lease balances to borrowers in Brazil and Mexico were 132.57 million and 137.72 million as of September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 119.38 million and 147.61 million as of December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was not a significant concentration in any other country. 
 Equipment owned under operating leases was 13.01 million, a decrease of 7.36 million, or 36.11 compared to December 31, 2023. The largest contributors to the decrease in equipment owned under operating leases was reduced leasing volume primarily due to a change in customer preferences and continued competitive pricing pressure for new business. 
 Total deposits were 7.13 billion, an increase of 87.36 million or 1.24 from the end of 2023. The largest contributors to the increase in total deposits was higher time, savings, and interest-bearing public fund deposits offset by lower brokered time deposits, consumer and business interest-bearing demand deposits and noninterest-bearing demand deposits. Rate competition for deposits persisted during the third quarter across our footprint from various sources, including traditional bank and credit union competitors, money market funds, bond markets, and other non-bank alternatives. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term borrowings were 165.68 million, a decrease of 146.68 million or 46.96 from December 31, 2023, due primarily to pay downs of short-term FHLB borrowings offset by an increase in repurchase agreements. Long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities were 39.22 million, a decrease of 8.69 million or 18.14 from December 31, 2023, due primarily to maturities of long-term FHLB borrowings. Accrued expenses and other liabilities were 199.14 million, a decrease of 2.94 million or 1.46 from December 31, 2023, mainly due to decreased unfunded partnership commitments, offset by increased accrued interest payable. 
 The following table shows accrued income and other assets. (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Accrued income and other assets: Bank owned life insurance cash surrender value 85,977 84,414 Operating lease right of use assets 21,840 21,692 Accrued interest receivable 30,721 30,232 Mortgage servicing rights 3,490 3,670 Repossessions 109 705 Partnership investments carrying amount 149,655 166,596 Deferred tax assets 52,973 64,255 All other assets 49,940 56,215 Total accrued income and other assets 394,705 427,779 
 The largest contributors to the decrease in accrued income and other assets from December 31, 2023, were decreases in partnership investments, the fair value of interest rate swap contracts with customers, accounts receivable and deferred tax assets, offset by increased bank owned life insurance cash surrender value during the period. 
 
 CAPITAL 
 As of September 30, 2024, total shareholders equity was 1.10 billion, up 114.69 million, or 11.59 from the 989.57 million at December 31, 2023. In addition to net income of 101.19 million, other significant changes in shareholders equity during the first nine months of 2024 included 25.54 million of dividends paid. The accumulated other comprehensive loss component of shareholders equity decreased to 71.23 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 106.32 million at December 31, 2023, due to c hanges in market conditions on our available-for-sale investment portfolio. Our shareholders equity-to-assets ratio was 12.60 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 11.34 at December 31, 2023. Book value per common share increased to 45.05 at September 30, 2024, from 40.50 at December 31, 2023, primarily due to increased retained earnings and decreased accumulated other comprehensive losses. 
 We declared and paid cash dividends per common share of 0.36 during the third quarter of 2024. The trailing four quarters dividend payout ratio, representing cash dividends per common share divided by diluted earnings per common share, was 26.34 . The dividend payout is continually reviewed by management and the Board of Directors subject to the Company s capital and dividend policy. 
 The banking regulators have established guidelines for leverage capital requirements, expressed in terms of Tier 1 or core capital as a percentage of average assets, to measure the soundness of a financial institution. In addition, banking regulators have established risk-based capital guidelines for U.S. banking organizations. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The actual capital amounts and ratios of 1st Source Corporation and 1st Source Bank as of September 30, 2024, remained at their historically strong and conservative levels and are presented in the table below. 
 Actual Minimum Capital Adequacy Minimum Capital Adequacy with Capital Buffer To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions (Dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): 1st Source Corporation 1,321,331 17.10 618,206 8.00 811,395 10.50 772,757 10.00 1st Source Bank 1,227,882 15.89 618,088 8.00 811,241 10.50 772,610 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): 1st Source Corporation 1,223,958 15.84 463,654 6.00 656,843 8.50 618,206 8.00 1st Source Bank 1,130,527 14.63 463,566 6.00 656,719 8.50 618,088 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets): 
 1st Source Corporation 1,096,006 14.18 347,741 4.50 540,930 7.00 502,292 6.50 1st Source Bank 1,059,575 13.71 347,675 4.50 540,827 7.00 502,197 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets): 1st Source Corporation 1,223,958 13.93 351,341 4.00 N/A N/A 439,177 5.00 1st Source Bank 1,130,527 12.88 351,232 4.00 N/A N/A 439,040 5.00 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY 
 Effective liquidity management ensures that the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, as well as our operating cash needs are met. Funds are available from a number of sources, including the securities portfolio, the core deposit base, access to the national brokered certificates of deposit market, national listing service certificates of deposit, Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) borrowings, Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) borrowings, and the capability to package loans for sale. 
 We maintain prudent strategies to support a strong liquidity position. The following table represents our sources of liquidity as of September 30, 2024. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Available Internal Sources Unencumbered securities 1,188,810 External Sources FHLB advances (1) 
 640,528 FRB borrowings (2) 
 388,580 Fed funds purchased (3) 
 410,000 Brokered deposits (4) 
 310,791 Listing services deposits (4) 
 437,133 Total liquidity 3,375,842 of Total deposits net brokered and listing services certificates of deposit 51.46 (1) Availability is shown net of required stock purchases under the FHLB activity-based stock ownership requirement, which is currently 4.50 , and may vary (2) Includes access to discount window and Bank Term Funding Program (3) Availability contingent on correspondent bank approvals at time of borrowing (4) Availability contingent on internal borrowing guidelines 
 External sources as listed in the table above are managed to approved guidelines by our Board of Directors. Total net available liquidity was 3.38 billion at September 30, 2024, which accounted for approximately 51 of total deposits net of brokered and listing services certificates of deposit. 
 Our loan to asset ratio was 75.49 at September 30, 2024 compared to 74.69 at December 31, 2023 and 74.53 at September 30, 2023. Cash and cash equivalents totaled 169.36 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 129.67 million at December 31, 2023 and 111.14 million at September 30, 2023. The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to an increase in core deposits and the expected redemptions of investment securities available-for-sale . At September 30, 2024, the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition was rate sensitive by 496.59 million more liabilities than assets scheduled to reprice within one year, or approximately 0.89 . Management believes that the present funding sources provide adequate liquidity to meet our cash flow needs. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Under Indiana law governing the collateralization of public fund deposits, the Indiana Board of Depositories determines which financial institutions are required to pledge collateral based on the strength of their financial ratings. We have been informed that no collateral is required for our public fund deposits. However, the Board of Depositories could alter this requirement in the future and adversely impact our liquidity. Our potential liquidity exposure if we must pledge collateral is approximately 1.24 billion. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Net income available to common shareholders for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 was 34.94 million and 101.19 million compared to 32.94 million and 96.50 million for the same periods in 2023. Diluted net income per common share was 1.41 and 4.09 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.32 and 3.87 earned for the same periods in 2023. Return on average common shareholders equity was 13.02 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 14.04 in 2023. The return on total average assets was 1.55 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.54 in 2023. 
 Net income increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the first nine months of 2023. Net interest income increased and noninterest expense decreased offset by an increase in the provision for credit losses and a decrease in noninterest income. Details of the changes in the various components of net income are discussed further below. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 NET INTEREST INCOME 
 The following tables provide an analysis of net interest income and illustrates the interest income earned and interest expense charged for each major component of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. Yields/rates are computed on a tax-equivalent basis, using a 21 rate. Nonaccrual loans and leases are included in the average loan and lease balance outstanding. 
 DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST DIFFERENTIAL Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Yield/ Rate ASSETS Investment securities available-for-sale: Taxable 1,510,162 6,120 1.61 1,524,751 5,900 1.56 1,605,912 5,918 1.46 Tax exempt (1) 
 29,057 316 4.33 29,611 319 4.33 39,994 397 3.94 Mortgages held for sale 3,758 63 6.67 4,179 65 6.26 3,169 54 6.76 Loans and leases, net of unearned discount (1) 
 6,605,677 115,216 6.94 6,606,209 113,115 6.89 6,245,883 100,244 6.37 Other investments 124,647 1,659 5.29 138,768 1,914 5.55 68,579 883 5.11 Total earning assets (1) 
 8,273,301 123,374 5.93 8,303,518 121,313 5.88 7,963,537 107,496 5.36 Cash and due from banks 64,014 60,908 68,640 Allowance for loan and lease losses (151,693) (149,688) (145,197) Other assets 534,202 546,268 530,411 Total assets 8,719,824 8,761,006 8,417,391 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Interest-bearing deposits 5,534,358 43,782 3.15 5,603,880 43,095 3.09 5,247,332 34,405 2.60 Short-term borrowings: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 64,032 173 1.07 61,729 146 0.95 60,736 35 0.23 Other short-term borrowings 110,710 1,336 4.80 159,953 2,012 5.06 153,523 2,101 5.43 Subordinated notes 58,764 1,054 7.14 58,764 1,061 7.26 58,764 1,060 7.16 Long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities 
 39,119 1,399 14.23 38,590 805 8.39 46,519 489 4.17 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 5,806,983 47,744 3.27 5,922,916 47,119 3.20 5,566,874 38,090 2.71 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 1,600,068 1,579,798 1,702,773 Other liabilities 161,978 159,552 148,192 Shareholders equity 1,079,543 1,027,138 940,544 Noncontrolling interests 
 71,252 71,602 59,008 Total liabilities and equity 
 8,719,824 8,761,006 8,417,391 Less: Fully tax-equivalent adjustments (144) (144) (170) Net interest income/margin (GAAP-derived) (1) 
 75,486 3.63 74,050 3.59 69,236 3.45 Fully tax-equivalent adjustments 
 144 144 170 Net interest income/margin - FTE (1) 
 75,630 3.64 74,194 3.59 69,406 3.46 (1) See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures at the end of this section for additional information on this performance measure/ratio. 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 
 The taxable-equivalent net interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 75.63 million, an increase of 8.97 over the same period in 2023. The net interest margin on a fully taxable-equivalent basis was 3.64 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.46 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the three month period ended September 30, 2024, average earning assets increased 309.76 million, up 3.89 over the comparable period in 2023. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 240.11 million or 4.31 . The yield on average earning assets increased 57 basis points to 5.93 from 5.36 at September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher rates on loans and leases and higher balances of other investments, which include federal funds sold, time deposits with other banks, Federal Reserve Bank excess balances, Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock and commercial paper. Total cost of average interest-bearing liabilities increased 56 basis points to 3.27 from 2.71 as a result of higher rates on interest-bearing deposits and a rise in imputed interest on mandatorily redeemable securities. The result to the tax-equivalent net interest margin, or the ratio of tax-equivalent net interest income to average earning assets, was an increase of 18 basis points. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The largest contributors to the improved yield on average earning assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was an increase in yields on loans and leases and higher balances of other investments, primarily excess reserves held at the Federal Reserve Bank. The yield on loans and leases grew 57 basis points, mainly from rising interest rates. Average loans and leases increased 359.79 million or 5.76 , primarily in the commercial real estate, renewable energy, construction equipment, auto and light truck, and residential real estate portfolios. Net interest recoveries positively contributed four basis points to the yield on average loans and leases during the quarter and four basis points to the average loans and leases yield during the prior year third quarter. Average investment securities decreased 106.69 million or 6.48 , primarily due to the use of proceeds from matured securities to fund loan growth. Average other investments, primarily held at the Federal Reserve Bank, increased 56.07 million or 81.76 . 
 Average interest-bearing deposits increased 287.03 million, or 5.47 for the third quarter of 2024 over the same period in 2023 primarily in savings, time, and interest-bearing public fund deposits. The effective rate on average interest-bearing deposits increased 55 basis points to 3.15 from 2.60 , in line with the competitive rate environment. Average noninterest-bearing deposits declined 102.71 million or 6.03 for the third quarter of 2024 over the same period in 2023, largely due to greater utilization of excess funds by our business customers, and a heightened rate sensitivity in our customer base given the overall level of market yields . 
 Average short-term borrowings decreased 39.52 million or 18.44 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Interest on short-term borrowings decreased 52 basis points due to lower short-term FHLB borrowings and utilization of the Federal Reserve s Bank Term Funding Program. Interest on subordinated notes decreased two basis points during the third quarter of 2024 from the same period a year ago due to a slight variable rate decrease on one tranche. Average long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities balances decreased 7.40 million or 15.91 , primarily from the maturity of long-term debt. Interest on long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities increased 1,006 basis points during the third quarter of 2024 from the same period in 2023, primarily due to higher imputed interest on mandatorily redeemable securities from a larger increase in book value per share during the quarter compared to the previous year s third quarter. Mandatorily redeemable securities are issued under the terms of one of our executive incentive compensation plans and are settled based on book value per share with changes from the previous reporting date recorded as interest expense. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Yield/ Rate ASSETS Investment securities available-for-sale: Taxable 1,537,066 18,099 1.57 1,657,241 18,512 1.49 Tax exempt (1) 
 30,057 962 4.28 46,385 1,413 4.07 Mortgages held for sale 3,257 162 6.64 2,489 114 6.12 Loans and leases, net of unearned discount (1) 
 6,572,108 337,580 6.86 6,141,849 280,374 6.10 Other investments 110,580 4,500 5.44 69,799 2,498 4.78 Total earning assets (1) 
 8,253,068 361,303 5.85 7,917,763 302,911 5.11 Cash and due from banks 62,277 70,288 Allowance for loan and lease losses (150,127) (143,545) Other assets 545,805 523,548 Total assets 8,711,023 8,368,054 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Interest-bearing deposits 5,511,116 126,621 3.07 5,143,493 84,538 2.20 Short-term borrowings: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 57,934 366 0.84 87,909 107 0.16 Other short-term borrowings 168,234 6,403 5.08 133,965 5,047 5.04 Subordinated notes 58,764 3,176 7.22 58,764 3,108 7.07 Long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities 
 41,633 2,850 9.14 46,174 2,219 6.43 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 5,837,681 139,416 3.19 5,470,305 95,019 2.32 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 1,598,711 1,776,202 Other liabilities 163,091 143,086 Shareholders equity 1,037,809 919,182 Noncontrolling interests 
 73,731 59,279 Total liabilities and equity 
 8,711,023 8,368,054 Less: Fully tax-equivalent adjustments (436) (575) Net interest income/margin (GAAP-derived) (1) 
 221,451 3.58 207,317 3.50 Fully tax-equivalent adjustments 
 436 575 Net interest income/margin - FTE (1) 
 221,887 3.59 207,892 3.51 (1) See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures at the end of this section for additional information on this performance measure/ratio. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The taxable-equivalent net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 221.89 million, an increase of 6.73 over the same period in 2023. The net interest margin on a fully taxable-equivalent basis was 3.59 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 3.51 for the same period in 2023. 
 During the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, average earning assets increased 335.31 million, up 4.23 over the comparable period in 2023. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased 367.38 million or 6.72 . The yield on average earning assets increased 74 basis points to 5.85 from 5.11 primarily due to higher rates on loans and leases and higher balances of other investments, which include federal funds sold, time deposits with other banks, Federal Reserve Bank excess balances, Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock and commercial paper. Total cost of average interest-bearing liabilities increased 87 basis points to 3.19 from 2.32 , as a result of repricing of interest-bearing deposits and higher other short-term borrowings balances, which is predominately short-term FHLB borrowings and Federal Reserve Bank Term Funding Program borrowings. The result to the net interest margin, or the ratio of net interest income to average earning assets, was a net eight basis point improvement. 
 The largest contributor to the improved yield on average earning assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was an increase in yields on net loans and leases of 76 basis points primarily due to market conditions. Average loans and leases increased 430.26 million, up 7.01 . Net interest recoveries positively contributed five basis points to the yield on average loans and leases during the first nine months of 2024 and two basis points during the first nine months of 2023. Average mortgages held for sale increased 0.77 million or 30.86 . Average investment securities decreased 136.50 million or 8.01 , which represents the use of proceeds from the maturity of securities to fund loan growth. Average other investments, primarily held at the Federal Reserve Bank, increased 40.78 million or 58.43 . 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Average interest-bearing deposits increased 367.62 million or 7.15 for the first nine months of 2024 over the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased time deposits, brokered deposits, savings account balances and interest-bearing public fund deposits. The effective rate on average interest-bearing deposits increased 87 basis points to 3.07 from 2.20 , mainly from rate competition in the market. Average noninterest-bearing deposits declined 177.49 million or 9.99 for the first nine months of 2024, over the same period in 2023, primarily due to persistent rate competition for deposits and greater utilization of excess funds by our business customers. 
 Average short-term borrowings increased 4.29 million or 1.94 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Interest on short-term borrowings increased 89 basis points due to higher Federal Reserve Bank Term Funding Program borrowings and lower securities sold under agreements to repurchase balances. Interest on subordinated notes increased 15 basis points due to a variable rate increase on one tranche. Average long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities balances decreased 4.54 million or 9.83 . Interest on long-term debt and mandatorily redeemable securities increased 271 basis points due to higher imputed interest on mandatorily redeemable securities from an increase in book value per share during 2024 compared to the previous year. Mandatorily redeemable securities are issued under the terms of one of our executive incentive compensation plans and are settled based on book value per share with changes from the previous reporting date recorded as interest expense. 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The accounting and reporting policies of 1st Source conform to generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States and prevailing practices in the banking industry. However, certain non-GAAP performance measures are used by management to evaluate and measure the Company s performance. These include taxable-equivalent net interest income (including its individual components) and net interest margin (including its individual components). Management believes that these measures provide users of the Company s financial information a more meaningful view of the performance of the interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Management reviews yields on certain asset categories and the net interest margin of the Company and its banking subsidiaries on a fully taxable-equivalent FTE basis. In this non-GAAP presentation, net interest income is adjusted to reflect tax-exempt interest income on an equivalent before-tax basis. This measure ensures comparability of net interest income arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Calculation of Net Interest Margin (A) Interest income (GAAP) 123,230 121,169 107,326 360,867 302,336 Fully tax-equivalent adjustments: (B) - Loans and leases 79 79 92 239 293 (C) - Tax-exempt investment securities 65 65 78 197 282 (D) Interest income - FTE (A+B+C) 123,374 121,313 107,496 361,303 302,911 (E) Interest expense (GAAP) 47,744 47,119 38,090 139,416 95,019 (F) Net interest income (GAAP) (A E) 75,486 74,050 69,236 221,451 207,317 (G) Net interest income - FTE (D E) 75,630 74,194 69,406 221,887 207,892 (H) Annualization factor 3.978 4.022 3.967 1.336 1.337 (I) Total earning assets 8,273,301 8,303,518 7,963,537 8,253,068 7,917,763 Net interest margin (GAAP-derived) (F H)/I 3.63 3.59 3.45 3.58 3.50 Net interest margin - FTE (G H)/I 3.64 3.59 3.46 3.59 3.51 

PROVISION AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 The provision for credit losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 3.11 million and 9.76 million compared to 0.86 million and 3.96 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net charge-offs of 0.85 million or 0.05 of average loans and leases were recorded for the third quarter of 2024, compared to net charge-offs of 0.33 million or 0.02 of average loans and leases for the same quarter a year ago. Year-to-date net charge-offs of 4.99 million or 0.10 of average loans and leases have been recorded in 2024, compared to net recoveries of 0.85 million or 0.02 of average loans and leases through September 30, 2023. Net charge-offs recognized in 2024 are principally concentrated in the commercial and agricultural portfolio. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was driven by a change in quantitative assumptions regarding the treatment of renewals for loans in special attention which increased historical loss rates primarily in the commercial and agricultural and construction equipment portfolios, a slight increase in the forecast adjustment due to a mixed forward economic outlook, and an increase in special attention outstandings which carry higher reserves, most notably in the auto and light truck and commercial and agricultural portfolios. Risks include a fragile domestic GDP outlook, heightened geopolitical instability, tightened credit conditions, a softening labor market, and continued elevated levels of inflation and interest rates. We remain concerned about the potential risks in our small business portfolio, as liquidity provided by government programs afforded to our lending clients dissipates. Clients in our auto and light truck portfolio are experiencing softening rental rates and pockets of excess fleet inventory. Consumers remain under stress and economic imbalances are prevalent as rising consumer costs have tended to outpace income growth. Impairment reserves for assets individually evaluated total 1.55 million this quarter, consisting of accounts in our construction equipment and commercial and agricultural portfolios. 
 We continually evaluate risks which may impact our loan portfolios. Such risks include a cautious economic outlook and increased uncertainty fueled by widening conflicts around the world, and the Federal Reserve s challenge of maintaining full employment, while balancing inflation and interest rate concerns in the effort to maintain overall economic stability. The possibility for economic disruption remains a concern, as geopolitical events and fragile growth prospects raise the potential for adverse impacts in the domestic and global economies. Higher interest rates apply downward pressure to asset values which collateralize our loans. Credit market conditions remain tightened. The growth outlook in the U.S. is mixed, and is susceptible to disruption caused by global conflicts and an environment of heightened instability. The upcoming domestic election presents additional uncertainty while highlighting increasing division within the electorate and uncompromising political partisanship. Political discord is also an ever-present threat in our Latin American markets. Corruption scandals persist and U.S. border concerns are heightened. Globally, there is an ever-present threat of terrorism. 
 Our aircraft portfolio exhibits collateral concentration and contains 304 million of foreign exposure at September 30, 2024, the majority of which is in Mexico and Brazil. W e review political and economic data for these countries on a regular basis to assess the impact the environment may have on our customers. Historically, we have experienced volatile and unanticipated losses in both the foreign and domestic segments of our aircraft portfolios. Losses have been primarily attributable to unexpected declines in the value of specific aircraft collateral at a time when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties. We review and assess aircraft values on an ongoing basis and use a tiered approach to establish advance rates and amortization schedules to limit collateral exposure. We continually monitor individual customer performance and assess risks in the overall portfolio. 
 On September 30, 2024, 30 day and over loan and lease delinquency as a percentage of loan and lease balances was 0.31 , compared to 0.10 on September 30, 2023. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans and leases outstanding at the end of the period was 2.30 compared to 2.27 one year ago. A summary of loan and lease loss experience during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is located in Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 NONPERFORMING ASSETS 
 The following table shows nonperforming assets. (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Loans and leases past due 90 days or more 100 149 154 Nonaccrual loans and leases 30,678 23,381 16,617 Other real estate 117 Repossessions 109 705 233 Total nonperforming assets 30,887 24,235 17,121 Nonperforming assets to loans and leases, net of unearned discount 0.47 0.37 0.27 
 Nonperforming assets totaled 30.89 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 27.45 from the 24.24 million reported at December 31, 2023, and a 80.40 increase from the 17.12 million reported at September 30, 2023. The increase in nonperforming assets during the first nine months of 2024 wa s related to higher nonaccrual loans and leases. The increase in nonperforming assets at September 30, 2024 from September 30, 2023, was also related to an increase in nonaccrual loans and leases. There were no properties held in other real estate at September 30, 2024 . 
 The increase in nonaccrual loans and leases at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023, was predominantly in our construction equipment portfolio offset by lower balances in our commercial and agricultural portfolio due to charge-off activity during the year. A summary of nonaccrual loans and leases and past due aging for the period ended September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, is located in Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Repossessions consisted of a few loans in the construction equipment and consumer portfolios at September 30, 2024 . At the time of repossession, the recorded amount of the loan or lease is written down to the fair value of the equipment or vehicle by a charge to the allowance for loan and lease losses or other income, if a positive adjustment, unless the equipment is in the process of immediate sale. Any subsequent fair value write-downs or write-ups, to the extent of previous write-downs, are included in noninterest expense. 
 The following table shows a summary of repossessions and other real estate. (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Commercial and agricultural Renewable energy Auto and light truck 689 213 Medium and heavy duty truck Aircraft Construction equipment 66 Commercial real estate Residential real estate and home equity 117 Consumer 43 16 20 Total 109 705 350 
 For financial statement purposes, nonaccrual loans and leases are included in loan and lease outstandings, whereas repossessions and other real estate are included in other assets. 
 
 NONINTEREST INCOME 
 The following table shows the details of noninterest income. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Noninterest income: Trust and wealth advisory 6,524 5,648 876 15.51 19,892 17,794 2,098 11.79 Service charges on deposit accounts 3,279 3,297 (18) (0.55) 9,552 9,418 134 1.42 Debit card 4,598 4,377 221 5.05 13,361 13,585 (224) (1.65) Mortgage banking 1,042 971 71 7.31 3,272 2,699 573 21.23 Insurance commissions 1,641 1,714 (73) (4.26) 5,028 5,384 (356) (6.61) Equipment rental 1,141 2,101 (960) (45.69) 4,069 6,930 (2,861) (41.28) Losses on investment securities available-for-sale (44) 44 NM Other 4,223 6,347 (2,124) (33.46) 12,651 14,781 (2,130) (14.41) Total noninterest income 22,448 24,455 (2,007) (8.21) 67,825 70,547 (2,722) (3.86) 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 Trust and wealth ad visory fees (which include investment management fees, estate administration fees, mutual fund fees, annuity fees, and fiduciary fees) increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same periods a year ago. Trust and wealth advisory fees are largely based the number and size of client relationships and the market value of assets under management. The market value of trust assets under management at September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2023, was 6.03 billion, 5.46 billion, and 4.96 billion, respectively. Positive equity market returns during the first nine months of 2024 resulted in an increase in assets under management. 
 Service charges on deposit accounts was relatively flat during the three months ended September 30, 2024, but increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, over the comparable periods in 2023. The increase for the first nine months of 2024 primarily reflects a higher volume of business deposit account and consumer non-sufficient fund and overdraft fees. 
 Debit card in co me increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024, but decreased for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same periods a year ago. The increase during the third quarter was due to an overall increase in client transactions. The primary driver of the decrease for the nine months ending September 30, 2024 was related to shifts in both client transaction behavior and the networks over which those merchants are routing transactions. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage banking inco me increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase was primarily a result of higher production and margins on loans originated for the secondary market. 
 Insurance commissions decl ined during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods a year ago. The decrease was mainly due to decreased contingent commissions received. 
 Equipment rental income dec reased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, over the comparable periods in 2023. The decline was the result of a reduction in the average equipment rental portfolio b y 42.4 over the same period a year ago, due to changing customer preferences and competitive pricing pressures for new business. 
 There were no losses on available-for-sale investment securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Other income decreased for the three and nine months e nded September 30, 2024, compared to the comparable periods in 2023. The decrease was primarily the result of decreased partnership investment gains on sale of renewable energy tax equity investments, customer interest rate swap fees, and a decline in bank owned life insurance policy claims recognized offset by a rise in brokerage commissions and fees. 
 
 NONINTEREST EXPENSE 
 The following table shows the details of noninterest expense. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 31,274 28,866 2,408 8.34 90,084 85,699 4,385 5.12 Net occupancy 3,011 2,867 144 5.02 8,915 8,165 750 9.19 Furniture and equipment 1,496 1,217 279 22.93 3,910 3,938 (28) (0.71) Data processing 7,002 6,289 713 11.34 20,214 18,714 1,500 8.02 Depreciation leased equipment 907 1,672 (765) (45.75) 3,194 5,570 (2,376) (42.66) Professional fees 1,928 1,763 165 9.36 4,986 4,149 837 20.17 FDIC and other insurance 1,423 1,598 (175) (10.95) 4,707 4,302 405 9.41 Business development and marketing 
 1,671 1,201 470 39.13 5,441 4,822 619 12.84 Other 731 4,693 (3,962) (84.42) 7,069 13,393 (6,324) (47.22) Total noninterest expense 49,443 50,166 (723) (1.44) 148,520 148,752 (232) (0.16) 
 Salaries and employee benefits increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. Higher base salaries were a result of normal merit increases, wage inflation, as well as a higher headcount due to fewer open positions compared to the previous year. Additionally, increases in incentive compensation were offset by a reduction in group insurance claims. 
 Net occupancy expense increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase for both periods was primarily due to increased premises expenses and higher rent. 
 Furniture and equipment expenses, including depreciation, increased during the third quarter of 2024, and were relatively flat during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods a year ago. The increase in the quarter was primarily due to increased equipment repairs and purchases of furniture and equipment. 
 Data processing expense grew during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods a year ago due primarily to higher computer processing charges and software maintenance expense on technology projects. 
 Depreciation on leased equipment decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. Depreciation on leased equipment correlates with the decrease in equipment rental income. 
 Professional fees were higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods a year ago. The increase was primarily due to a 1.08 million reversal of accrued legal fees in the first quarter of 2023, as well as an increase in audit and examination fees and professional consulting fees during the year. 
 FDIC and other insurance was lower during the third quarter of 2024, and was higher during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease for the quarter was the result of lower blanket bond insurance premiums due to a more cost effective policy renewal during the quarter. The increase for the first nine months of 2024 was mainly due to higher blanket bond insurance p remiums as compared to the prior year. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Business development and marketing expense was higher during the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to the same periods a year ago. The increases during the year were related to an increase in business meals, entertainment, travel opportunities, and marketing promotions. 
 Other expenses were lower during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023. The decreases were primarily the result of a reduction in the provision for unfunded loan commitments, gains related to the sale of fixed assets, lower printing and postage costs, reduced data communication line charges, and a reduction in employment and relocation costs. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 The provision for income taxes for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 was 10.47 million and 29.82 million compared to 9.73 million and 28.64 million for the same periods in 2023. The effective tax rate was 23.07 and 22.80 for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and 22.76 and 22.88 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in the quarterly effective tax rate was due to higher permanent book and tax differences in relationship to pretax income in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There have been no material changes in market risks faced by 1st Source since December 31, 2023. For information regarding our market risk, refer to 1st Source s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report an evaluation was carried out, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, at September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by 1st Source in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in those reports is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In addition, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) during the third fiscal quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 1st Source and its subsidiaries are involved in various legal proceedings that are inherent risks of, or incidental to, the conduct of our businesses. Management does not expect the outcome of any such proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes in risks faced by 1st Source since December 31, 2023. For information regarding our risk factors, refer to 1st Source s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 01 - 31, 2024 1,000,000 August 01 - 31, 2024 1,000,000 September 01 - 30, 2024 1,000,000 
 
 1st Source maintains a stock repurchase plan that was authorized by the Board of Directors on October 19, 2023. Under the terms of the plan, 1st Source may repurchase up to 1,000,000 shares of its common stock from time to time to mitigate the potential dilutive effects of stock-based incentive plans and other potential uses of common stock for corporate purposes. 1st Source has not yet repurchased any shares under this Plan. 
 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None 
 
 ITEM 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were Rule 10b5-1 trading plans or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements adopted, modified or terminated by any director or officer of the Company (as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are filed with this report: 
 10(c) 
 1st Source Corporation 1982 Executive Incentive Plan, amended October 2 3 , 2024, filed herewith. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chief Executive Officer. 
 32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 1st Source Corporation DATE October 24, 2024 /s/ CHRISTOPHER J. MURPHY III Christopher J. Murphy III Chairman of the Board and CEO DATE October 24, 2024 /s/ BRETT A. BAUER Brett A. Bauer Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 45 

<EX-10.C>
 2
 ex10camended1982executivei.htm
 EX-10.C 1982 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN

Document 

Exhibit 10(c) 
 
 Amended as of October 23, 2024 
 
 1st SOURCE CORPORATION 
 1982 EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 1. PURPOSE . This Executive Incentive Plan (the Plan is intended to promote the interests of 1st Source Corporation, an Indiana corporation 1st Source or the Corporation and its shareholders by attracting and motivating educated, self-disciplined and professional managers, and by providing an incentive to induce continued future employment of certain key employees of the Corporation and certain key employees of one or more Subsidiaries of the Corporation. For the purposes of this Plan, the term Subsidiary shall mean a corporation or corporations of which the Corporation owns, directly or indirectly, a majority of the outstanding voting stock. 
 
 2. ADOPTION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN . The Plan became effective as of January 1, 1982. The Plan shall be administered by the Executive Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Committee ). The Committee shall interpret, implement, and administer the Plan and, to the extent and the manner contemplated herein, it shall exercise the discretion granted to it as to the determination of who shall participate in the Plan, the terms and conditions under which key employees may participate or continue participating in the Plan, the size and terms of awards to each Participant (as defined below), and the time when such awards shall be granted to each Participant. Any action taken by the Committee with respect to the implementation, interpretation or administration of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Corporation and each Participant. 
 
 3. STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN . The Committee may issue under this Plan not more than 0.60 in any one calendar year of the common stock of the Corporation outstanding at the beginning of such year. Such common stock is herein sometimes referred to either as book value shares or as market value shares. The distribution of shares pursuant to this Plan may be made either from authorized and unissued shares or from Treasury shares, as determined by the Committee. All shares issued in accordance with the Plan shall be fully paid and non-assessable shares and free from preemptive rights. 
 
 4. ELIGIBILITY . The Committee shall designate from time to time, those key employees who serve in management of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries as the Chief Executive Officer may recommend, and the Committee deems appropriate. The key employees who shall be eligible to receive an award under the Plan shall be selected because of their management responsibility and the long-term impact their management has on the overall performance of the Corporation or because of their inclusion in one of the Corporation s sales and service incentive plans. The Committee shall make its selections of management participants from among the Chief Executive Officer and the candidates recommended by the Chief Executive Officer and shall determine their partnership percentage and salary level for purposes of the Plan. In making its decisions, the Committee shall consider, among other items, the position and responsibility of the Participant, the value of the future service to be performed, the compensation of the Participant, the actual earnings performance of the Corporation and the allocation proposed by the Chief Executive Officer. Management shall forthwith advise each employee selected to participate in an award by written notice. Each employee who shall be the subject of an award shall be designated as a Participant. All awards under the Plan shall require a satisfactory performance evaluation. 
 Page 1 of 11 

5. ANNUAL AWARD . The Committee shall establish the amount of the annual award or awards to be granted to each Participant. These awards will be granted for attainment of annual, calendar year, goals. Any annual awards made to Participants under the Plan will be performance-based compensation to the maximum extent possible subject to the attainment of pre-established objective performance goals established by the Committee. 
 
 (a) The Corporation may provide two annual awards up to a maximum amount as determined by the Committee (i) an amount payable in cash and earned immediately, and (ii) an amount equal to a full or partial match of the cash award in book value or market value shares of common stock. At the end of the performance period the Committee shall determine (i) the amount of cash earned, which shall be paid in a lump sum after the end of the performance period and (ii) the type of shares (i.e. book value shares or market shares) and the number of shares. These shares of stock are fixed at a maximum amount and will be subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture over the succeeding five (5) years based on the achievement of future performance metrics and the employee remaining with the Corporation, as described in Section 8 as the Forfeiture Period . The total value of cash and stock as of the end of each performance period shall not exceed 1 million. The total annual awards paid in a single calendar year to a single Participant made in cash and in shares shall not exceed 3 million in the aggregate. The book value shares will be restricted as described in paragraph 8 and 9 below. 
 
 (b) Each Participant under the Plan (except for Participants under separate sales and service incentive plans discussed in section (f) below) is assigned a partnership level percentage as of the date of grant that is the starting point for determining his or her annual cash award. Partnership levels are stated as a percentage of the Participant s salary range midpoint or base salary as assigned by the Committee as of the date of grant for purposes of computing the cash award. The Base Bonus for each Participant is equal to the Participant s assigned salary range midpoint or base salary multiplied by the assigned partnership share percentage. 
 
 (c) If the Committee determines it appropriate at the date of grant of an award, the Base Bonus may be further adjusted up or down by the Company Performance Factor. The Company Performance Factor is 2.5 times the percentage by which actual net income for the year exceeded (or missed) budgeted net income or such other net income target selected by the Committee at the beginning of the year with a maximum upward adjustment of 25 . As long as such adjustments do not result in the award failing to be qualified performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Committee is authorized to make adjustments from reported net income in its discretion for purposes of determining the Company Performance Factor to account for extraordinary impacts positive or negative that were not in control of nor could be foreseen by the Participants or that were caused by actions undertaken for the long-term benefit of the shareholders and that are not considered normal operating activities and the sources of such adjustments may include one or more of the following not included in the budget or other net income target (i) results of acquisition, divestiture or restructuring activities (ii) investment securities gains or losses (iii) tax planning activities (iv) new regulatory costs (v) tax law or regulatory changes (vi) changes in generally accepted accounting principles or the Company s interpretation or implementation of these or (vii) significant national and or international events significantly affecting the Company s reported net income. 
 Page 2 of 11 

(d) For each Participant, the Base Bonus opportunity after adjustment for the Company Performance Factor is multiplied by 300 for each goal to calculate the maximum award and then the maximum award may be adjusted down to a minimum of 0 for each goal based upon the Participant s performance against a set of corporate, group, division, unit and individual Participant performance goals established at the beginning of the fiscal year with such award levels generally being targeted at 150 for staff employees and 200 for those line managers with primary responsibility for revenues and or credit. 
 
 (e) After applying the Company Performance Factor in (c) above the Base Bonus opportunity will be adjusted for each Participant as described in (d) above based on one or more of the following criteria at the corporate, group, division, unit or individual Participant level (i) net income (ii) return on assets (iii) exceed median return on assets results for selected peer group (iv) return on common equity (v) revenues, net interest margin, pricing, and or fees (vi) expense to revenue ratio and or expenses (vii) growth in average assets, loans or core deposits (viii) average 30-day delinquency ratio (ix) year-end nonperforming assets and or monthly average nonperforming assets (x) net charge offs and other credit-related losses to average loans, leases, repossessed assets and other real estate (xi) net growth in primary relationships or other strategic growth metrics (xii) deposit mix or noninterest-bearing deposit growth (xiii) assets under management and or investment performance and (xii) other performance goals. 
 
 (f) The Corporation may also provide the annual awards described in (a) above to Participants whose awards are calculated pursuant to other sales incentive programs, investment management programs, operational risk management programs, or other programs established by the Corporation and determined by the Committee. 
 
 (g) The stock portion of the awards shall be made in whole book value shares or whole market value shares only. No fractional shares shall be awarded. 
 
 (h) Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, if the Participant s employment ends prior to the payment of the cash portion of the annual award, the entire annual award shall be forfeited, void and of no further force and effect. 
 
 6. LONG-TERM AWARD . 
 
 (a) The Corporation may also provide for a long-term award from time to time for selected Participants as designated by the Committee. These awards will be granted for attainment of longer-term goals, usually for three (3) years or longer. Such awards will consist of two distinct parts (i) an amount payable in cash and earned immediately and (ii) an amount in market value shares of common stock. At the end of the performance period the Committee shall determine (i) the amount of cash earned, which shall be paid in a lump sum after the end of the performance period and (ii) the number of shares. These shares of stock are fixed at a maximum amount and will be subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture over the succeeding five (5) years based on the Participant remaining with the Corporation and the Corporation continuing to have positive net income calculated as of the end of each calendar year, as described in Section 8 as the Forfeiture Period. The total value of cash and stock as of the end of each performance period shall not exceed 1 million. Total long-term awards paid in a single calendar year to a single Participant made in cash and in shares shall not exceed 3 million in the aggregate. 
 Page 3 of 11 

(b) The Committee assigns a set of weighted long-term goals at the start of each long-term award period. For each goal Company performance is scored at 50 for minimum, 100 for target and 200 for maximum. 
 
 (c) The Committee also assigns each Participant a partnership level for long-term award purposes as of the date of grant. 
 
 (d) The long-term awards then are calculated based upon a pre-determined mathematical formula that multiplies the Company s weighted performance relative to its long-term goals by the Participant s partnership level and then by the Participant s average annual incentive award under the Plan over the long-term award period. 
 
 (e) Long-term cash awards made to Participants under the Plan will be performance-based compensation subject to the attainment of pre-established objective performance goals, based on one or more of the following criteria (i) return on assets (ii) expense to revenue ratio (iii) net interest margin (iv) net charge offs and other credit-related losses to average loans, leases, repossessed assets and other real estate (v) average and or period-end nonperforming assets (vi) sales volume and or pricing (vii) fee income (viii) average and or period-end loans, deposits, or other volumes outstanding and (ix) net new primary relationships. 
 
 (f) The stock portion of the awards shall be made in whole market value shares only. No fractional shares shall be awarded. 
 
 (g) Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, if the Participant s employment ends prior to the payment of the cash portion of the long-term award, the entire long-term award shall be forfeited, void and of no further force and effect. 
 
 7. ACTION REQUIRED OF PARTICIPANTS . 
 
 (a) Within 30 days from the date of such written notice of a Participant s initial award under the Plan, the Participant shall notify the Committee, in writing, of acceptance of the award and the terms thereof, applicable to the initial award and to all subsequent awards accepted under the Plan, which notice shall be deemed delivered for all purposes under this Plan when personally delivered or mailed to Chief Financial Officer, 1st Source Corporation, P.O. Box 1602, South Bend, Indiana 46634 by postpaid certified United States mail. In addition, commencing with awards made in 2017 for 2016 performance, each new or existing Participant who has not already signed and delivered to the Corporation the Corporation s standard form of Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation Agreement shall, before receipt of any initial or further awards under the Plan, be required to do so as a condition for continued participation and receipt of awards under the Plan. 
 
 (b) The Corporation may require that, in allocating shares, the Participant agree with, and represent to, the Corporation that Participant is acquiring such shares for the purpose of investment and with no present intention to transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of such shares except such transfer by a legal representative as shall be required by will or the laws of any jurisdiction in winding up the estate of any Participant. Such shares shall be transferable thereafter only if the proposed transfer shall be permissible pursuant to this Plan and if, in the opinion of counsel (who shall be satisfactory to Corporation), such transfer shall at such time be in compliance with applicable securities law. 
 Page 4 of 11 

8. RESTRICTIONS . By accepting the award of shares under this Plan, Participant agrees and consents to the following additional restrictions 
 
 (a) All shares are subject to forfeiture and shall be retained by Corporation. A notice of the shares awarded to a Participant shall be delivered by the Corporation to a Participant on or after the date of issuance. Such Participant thereupon shall be a shareholder with respect to all of the shares represented by such certificate or certificates and shall have all rights of a shareholder with respect to all such shares, including the right to vote such shares and receive all dividends and other distributions, subject to termination upon the occurrence of an Act of Forfeiture as set forth in the Plan. The certificates for such shares shall be either imprinted or stamped with a legend to the effect that the shares represented thereby may not be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated (except to issuer), assigned, conveyed, or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily disposed of except in accordance with this Plan (any such disposition being automatically an Act of Forfeiture) by the holder thereof until such time as the restrictions provided for herein lapse. 
 
 (b) If new or additional or different shares or securities are distributed with respect to shares of common stock of the Corporation as the result of a stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares or other change involving 1st Source securities, or exchange for other securities, or reclassification, reorganization, merger, consolidation, recapitalization or otherwise, the Participant shall, as the owner of book value or market value shares subject to terms and restrictions hereunder, be entitled to such new or additional or different shares of stock or securities subject to such terms, conditions and restrictions as existed on the originally awarded shares. 
 
 (1) In the case of such a stock split, stock dividend, combination or other change involving 1st Source securities, exchange for other 1st Source securities, reclassification, recapitalization, or other like event involving the distribution of 1st Source securities, the certificate or certificates for, or other evidences of, such new or additional or different book value or market value shares or securities shall be appropriately imprinted with the legend provided in paragraph 8(a) of this Plan and all provisions of this Plan relating to restrictions to such new or additional or different book value or market value shares or securities to the extent applicable to the shares with respect to which they were distributed provided, further, that if the Participant shall receive rights, warrants or fractional interests in respect of any of such shares, such rights or warrants and such fractional interests shall be received by the Participant subject to all of the remaining restrictions herein set forth. All such additional book value or market value shares, rights or other securities shall be retained in safekeeping by the Corporation for the account of the Participant. 
 Page 5 of 11 

(2) In the case of such an exchange for securities of an issuer other than 1st Source, or such a reorganization, merger, consolidation, or other like event involving the distribution of securities of an issuer other than 1st Source, which will result in a change of control of 1st Source, (i) all awarded book value shares shall be converted to market value shares, (ii) all awarded shares subject to forfeiture under this Plan shall no longer be subject to forfeiture, and (iii) all restrictions on shares of stock theretofore awarded hereunder shall terminate (including the restrictions at paragraphs 7, 8 and 9 hereof and except for those imposed by applicable securities laws). The foregoing sentence shall be effective immediately prior to such distribution or exchange. The Committee shall have full and sole discretion to determine whether a change in control of 1st Source will occur for these purposes, but in the absence of a contrary finding by the Committee, the acquisition by any person or group of persons, other than 1st Source, of beneficial ownership of 50.01 or more of the then outstanding shares (as determined pursuant to Treasury Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)) of 1st Source common stock shall be deemed to be a change of control. 
 
 (c) The term Restricted Period with respect to any book value shares awarded to a Participant under this Plan shall mean that period commencing with the date of issuance of such shares and ending on the date at which all such shares have been purchased from Participant by Corporation or exchanged by the Participant for market value shares as provided herein. 
 
 (d) The term Forfeiture Period with respect to any award of shares issued to a Participant under this Plan shall mean a period commencing on the date of grant of such shares to the Participant and ending over a five (5) year period thereafter. The Forfeiture Period shall terminate at an equal and proportionate rate for each year in which 
 
 (1) the Participant served continuously as an employee, for the full year, however continuous employment shall not be required if it ended because the Participant died, became totally disabled or retired at his her normal retirement age or thereafter while an employee, and during which, 
 
 (2) for annual award shares only (whether book value or market value shares), the Corporation achieved the requisite annual net income, ROA, ROE or other performance goal or goals established in advance by the Committee in connection with the applicable award and 
 
 (3) for long term award shares only, the Corporation achieved positive net income at the end of the calendar year during the Forfeiture Period. 
 
 (e) The normal retirement age means age 65 unless changed by the Committee. Alternatively, a Participant who is age 60 or older will be treated as attaining normal retirement age if they have completed either (i) 15 years of participation in the Plan or (ii) 20 years of service with the Corporation, and, in either case, have provided notice of their upcoming retirement at least 150 days beforehand so the Corporation can plan in advance for succession and transition of clients in the most effective way. 
 
 Page 6 of 11 

(f) However, the Committee may also authorize a normal retirement at an earlier age for a Participant if it determines that such action is in the best interests of the Corporation and is otherwise warranted based upon extreme hardship or other special or extraordinary circumstances and such circumstances be limited to career ending events where the Participant is unable to work effectively or properly carry out his or her assigned duties, or other extremely unlikely occurrences which prevents the Participant from continuing to serve. This decision is at the sole discretion of the Committee and is to be extremely limited. 
 
 (g) With respect to annual award shares only, for any year in which the Corporation s performance is equal to or has exceeded the requisite cumulative goals established for the accumulated years subsequent to the date of the award, all risk of forfeiture is removed for those shares which were not released in that year or any prior year in which the Corporation failed to meet the required annual or cumulative goals. 
 
 (h) The Committee generally may not change or adjust upward the number of shares determined as of the end of the applicable performance period, however, the Committee may reduce the number of shares, down to zero, in such circumstances as are set forth herein or otherwise determined by the Committee in its discretion. In addition, there may be circumstances in which the annual net income growth, EPS growth, ROA, ROE or other performance goal or goals established by the Committee for annual award shares become unattainable or otherwise unreasonable during the Forfeiture Period. In such situations, and upon an explicit determination that (i) unfavorable market conditions or external events have demonstrably rendered such performance goals unattainable, unreasonable or adverse, and (ii) the Corporation s relative financial performance under the current conditions or since such event remains in the top quartile of the Corporation s peers with regard to ROA, nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, or other performance indicators, the Committee may take such other action as the Committee deems appropriate with respect to an award as long as such action does not increase the award. Such other action includes, without limitation, extending the forfeiture period or adjusting the performance goals for the forfeiture period to fairly compensate the Participants for their performance during the calendar years for which such annual awards were made. Relative performance in the top quartile of peers in the face of unfavorable market conditions or external events is an indicator that financial performance goals were achieved in prior years without sacrificing the management of the risks of unfavorable market conditions or external events. The Committee s authorization to make adjustments under these circumstances is intended to recognize and encourage continuing good stewardship of the Corporation as reflected by high quality financial performance and strong risk management for the long-term benefit of its shareholders. 
 
 (i) For all purposes of this Plan, an Act of Forfeiture shall be deemed to be any one of the following 
 
 (1) The voluntary or involuntary termination of the employment of a Participant during the Forfeiture Period, other than by death, disability or normal retirement, or 
 Page 7 of 11 

(2) The employment or engagement part or full time or in any consulting or advisory capacity of a Participant by a competitor of the Corporation or any Subsidiary at any time after termination of Participant s employment due to disability or normal retirement unless, upon written request from the Participant, the Committee determines in its sole discretion that such engagement does not increase strategic or other risks to the Corporation or any Subsidiary, or 
 
 (3) The attempted sale, exchange, transfer, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, conveyance or other voluntary or involuntary disposition of any of the unearned stock all of which is hereby expressly prohibited by this Plan, or 
 
 (4) The election by the Participant to be taxed in the year of receipt of an award of stock under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended, or 
 
 (5) Termination of the five (5) year Forfeiture Period for annual award shares if the Corporation fails to achieve the requisite annual net income, ROA, ROE or other performance goal or goals established in advance by the Committee in connection with the applicable award with respect to any portion of the unearned stock, if the Committee does not determine otherwise as discussed in subparagraph 8(g) above, or 
 
 (6) Termination of the five (5) year Forfeiture Period for long term award shares only if the Corporation fails to achieve positive net income during each year. 
 
 (j) Upon the occurrence of an Act of Forfeiture relating to a Participant, the right, title and interest of all remaining unearned stock of Corporation held by such Participant shall be automatically forfeited and terminated for all purposes. 
 
 (k) The right, title and interest of any transferee of any shares acquired from a Participant under this Plan by will or by laws of descent and distribution will and shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, including but without limitation, the restrictions on transfer and the provisions relating to forfeiture. 
 
 (l) The book value shares may only be sold to the Corporation under the terms of this Plan except as provided in subparagraphs 8(b)(2) and 8(b)(3) above. 1st Source may, in addition to any other purchases required by this Plan, upon request of a Participant, purchase earned book value stock from the Participant prior to death, disability, retirement, or other termination of employment. Any such purchase is limited to 50 of the Participant s shares of earned book value stock which, at the time of purchase, have been earned book value stock for at least seven years. Such a purchase is permitted only upon approval of the Committee and only for the following reasons (1) purchase of the Participant s principal residence or a second home, (2) payment of tuition or related educational expenses for the Participant, the Participant s spouse, or a dependent and (3) financial hardship. The Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether the enumerated criteria are being satisfied in any purchase. Any transfer or purported transfer made by a Participant at any time, except at the times and in the manner expressly authorized, shall be null and void and the Corporation shall not be obligated to recognize nor to give effect to such transfer on its books or records nor to recognize the person or persons to whom such purported transfer has been made as the legal beneficial holder of such shares. 
 Page 8 of 11 

(m) The Committee may impose such other restrictions on any shares awarded to a Participant pursuant to this Plan as it may deem advisable, including without limitation, restrictions under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, under the requirements of any stock exchange upon which such shares or shares of the same class are then listed, and under any blue-sky or securities laws applicable to such shares. 
 
 9. MANDATORY RESALE OF BOOK VALUE STOCK . 
 
 (a) If the Participant is employed at the time of his death, total disability, or normal retirement, Participant or his her personal representative must sell his her earned book value stock back to the Corporation. 
 
 (1) Twenty percent (20 of the purchase price will be paid each year thereafter, beginning on the first anniversary of the date of such death, total disability, or retirement. 
 
 (2) The purchase price for any year shall be the book value at the close of the most recent year ended prior to the date of such death, total disability or retirement. 
 
 (3) The amount of the purchase price shall bear interest at the percentage determined by 1st Source Corporation s 
 
 (i) Dividends for the most recently completed calendar year divided by 
 
 (ii) The ending market value for the most recently completed calendar year, 
 
 (iii) adjusted annually on the anniversary date of the note documenting the sale agreement. 
 
 (4) At the date of such retirement or total disability, Participant may elect to delay the sale of all book value stock for a period of up to five (5) years from the date of retirement or total disability under the sale terms above. The purchase price for any delayed sale shall be the book value at the close of the most recent year ended prior to the end of the delayed period. 
 
 (5) The Corporation may elect to pay the purchase price through an exchange of all book value stock for market value stock of equal value. Such election must be made for all book value shares earned at time of such retirement or disability in accordance with the requirements established by the Committee. The Corporation may take into account the request of the Participant to be paid in either cash or market value stock. 
 
 (6) As any unearned book value stock at date of such retirement is earned thereafter, it shall be sold to, or exchanged with, the Corporation consistent with the Corporation s election in the immediately preceding subparagraph, and otherwise subject to the terms above. 
 Page 9 of 11 

(b) Upon termination of employment by voluntary act of Participant or by act of Corporation, except death or disability or normal retirement, all of such Participant s earned book value stock must be sold to Corporation. 
 
 (1) The price to be paid by Corporation shall be the lower of (a) book value at the close of the most recent year ended prior to the date of departure, or (b) book value at the close of the year of departure. Book value shall be determined by the Committee as described in paragraph 10 below. 
 
 (2) Installments of ten percent (10 of the purchase price of the shares shall be paid to the Participant each year, without interest. 
 
 (c) If the Committee in its sole discretion determines in any case that lump sum payment instead of installment payment as required by paragraph 9(a) or (b) would be desirable (whether for financial reasons, administrative ease, or otherwise) due to the size of the required installment payments, the Committee may order without consent of the Participant such lump sum payment be made in lieu of payment in installments. Such a lump sum payment shall be in an amount equal to the present value of the installment payments which would have otherwise been paid discounted at the current long-term applicable federal rate. 
 
 10. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS . 
 
 (a) Expense . All expenses and costs in connection with the administration of the Plan shall be borne by the Corporation. 
 
 (b) No Prior Rights of Offer . Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any officer or employee of the Corporation or his or its legal representatives or assigns or any other person or entity claiming under or through any Participant any contractual or other right to participate in the benefits of the Plan. 
 
 (c) Indemnification of the Committee . In addition to such other rights or indemnification as they may have, the members of the Committee shall be indemnified by the Corporation against all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by them or any of them in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan or any award granted thereof and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by legal counsel selected by the Corporation) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceedings, the person desiring indemnification shall give the Corporation an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same. 
 
 (d) Liability of Corporation . The liability of the Corporation under this Plan or any award of shares made hereunder is limited to the obligation set forth with respect to such award, and nothing herein contained shall be construed to impose any liability on the Corporation in favor of any Participant with respect to any loss, cost or expense which a Participant may incur in connection with or arising out of any transaction in connection therewith. 
 Page 10 of 11 

(e) No Agreement to Employ . Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to constitute or be evidence of an agreement or understanding expressed or implied on the part of the Corporation or any Subsidiary to employ or retain any Participant to whom any shares have been awarded for any specified period of time or times. 
 
 (f) Book value . Book value under this Plan shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, as published in the Corporation s Annual Report. 
 
 (g) Market value . Market value under this Plan shall mean the closing price of a share of common stock, as reported by NASDAQ, or by any other exchange upon which the shares may be traded, for the day on which the value is to be determined or if that day is not a stock trading day, then on the last preceding trading day. 
 
 (h) Overstated Financial Results or Other Metrics, Fraud, Malfeasance or Purposeful Misstatement . In addition to any terms as the Committee may determine, all awards under the Plan are subject to the Corporation s Clawback Policy which provides for potential forfeiture and or recovery by the Corporation of (i) excess awards received by any Participant upon a determination that the awards were based upon financial results or other metrics that were misstated or otherwise inaccurate, either for business units of the Corporation or the Corporation as a whole, and (ii) all such awards received by any Participant upon a determination that the Participant had responsibilities for the accounting that led to the misstatement or inaccuracy, or committed fraud or other malfeasance while employed by the Corporation. 
 
 (i) Requirements of Internal Revenue Section Code 162(m) . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Committee may impose such conditions on any award as may be required to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (or any successor or similar rule relating thereto) to the extent desired by the Committee and whether awards are qualified performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code shall be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 
 (j) Tax Withholding . The Corporation will have the right to withhold from the payment of any Award the amount of any federal, state or local taxes which the Corporation is required to withhold. 
 
 11. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN . The Board of Directors, acting through the Committee, may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan, any portion thereof at any time, consistent with applicable law, regulation and listing rules, but it may not adversely affect the rights of any participant with respect to an award already earned. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any material amendments (as defined under the NASDAQ Listing Rules) of the EIP Plan will require shareholder approval. 
 
 12. POWERS OF EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE . The Committee shall have the authority to make all interpretations of this plan in its sole discretion. It shall make all administrative rules and other determinations and shall rule upon all questions and requests with respect to the Plan. 
 Page 11 of 11 

</EX-10.C>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311093024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Christopher J. Murphy III, Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of 1st Source Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 24, 2024 s CHRISTOPHER J. MURPHY III Christopher J. Murphy III Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312093024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brett A. Bauer, Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of 1st Source Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 24, 2024 s BRETT A. BAUER Brett A. Bauer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321093024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of 1st Source Corporation (1st Source) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher J. Murphy III, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of 1st Source. 
 
 Date October 24, 2024 s CHRISTOPHER J. MURPHY III Christopher J. Murphy III Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322093024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of 1st Source Corporation (1st Source) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brett A. Bauer, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of 1st Source. 
 
 Date October 24, 2024 s BRETT A. BAUER Brett A. Bauer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 source-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 source-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 source-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 source-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 source-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

