<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1807765_0001213900-24-095882.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3804414</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137563</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>856315</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>852433</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>833698</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1032322</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-095882.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108160143
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-095882
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807765
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				845174573
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39534
		FILM NUMBER:		241440383

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		249 ROYAL PALM WAY SUITE 503
		CITY:			PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33480
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5616712100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		249 ROYAL PALM WAY SUITE 503
		CITY:			PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33480

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-095882.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 ea0216996-10q_pmvcon.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to
_________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 8, 2024, there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B convertible common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheets 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity (Unaudited) 
 
 3-4 
 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 6 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 16 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 19 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 19 

Part II. Other Information 
 
 20 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 20 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 20 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 34 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 34 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 34 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 34 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 35 

Part III. Signatures 
 
 36 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements . 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accounts payable related party 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholder s Equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A common stock (fka Class C common stock), par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class B convertible common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholder s Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Other income 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, of Class A convertible common stock, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A convertible common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding, of Class A common stock (fka Class C common stock), basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A common stock (fka Class C common stock) 

Weighted average shares outstanding, of Class B convertible common stock, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B convertible common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Class A Convertible Common Stock 
 Class A (fka Class C) Common Stock 
 Class B Convertible Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance January 1, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance September 30, 2024 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 
FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
(Unaudited) 

Class A Convertible Common Stock 
 Class A (fka Class C) Common Stock 
 Class B Convertible Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance January 1, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2023 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Other receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accounts payable related party 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents End of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

5 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

shares of Class B convertible common stock (to be converted into
Class C common stock) into the Company s Trust account; to increase authorized stock from to shares, of which
 shall be shares of common stock, consisting of shares of Class A convertible common stock, shares of
Class B convertible common stock, shares of Class C common stock and shares of Special common stock, and 
shall be shares of preferred stock; to permit the Company s board of directors to create Special common stock in one or more series
and to fix for each series the voting powers, designations, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof;
to provide for (i) the right of a holder of Class A convertible common stock to convert into Class C common stock on a one-for-one basis,
(ii) the right of the Company to redeem Class A convertible common stock in exchange for a pro rata share of the net cash (and not stock)
held in the Company s Trust Account, unless the holder elects to receive Class C common stock issued on a one-for-one basis, plus
a pro rata share of any stock held in the Trust Account, and (iii) upon such redemption the extinguishment of the legal force and effect
of the business combination and Trust Account provisions contained in paragraphs A through I of Article Sixth of the charter; to (i) eliminate
the Class B convertible common stock anti-dilution provisions that require adjustment to maintain the specified class ownership, and
(ii) provide for the right of a holder of Class B convertible common stock to convert into Class C common stock on a one-for-one basis.
All such amendments were approved at the Meeting. On September 27, 2022, the Sponsor contributed to the Company for purposes of making
a deposit into the Company s Trust Account of an aggregate of shares of Class B convertible common stock (to be converted
into Class C common stock) to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination for one year, from September
21, 2022 to September 21, 2023. 

At the Meeting, in connection with the extension,
stockholders holding shares of Class A convertible common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata
portion of the funds in the Trust Account. As a result, (approximately per share), which included of interest
earned on the Trust Account which was not previously used to pay the Company s tax obligation, was removed from the Trust Account
to pay such holders. Following these redemptions, the Company had shares of Class A convertible common stock outstanding and
the aggregate amount remaining in the Trust Account at the time was . 

On October 17, 2022, the Sponsor elected to convert
 shares of its Class B convertible common stock into shares of Class A convertible common stock. Following the conversion,
the Sponsor owned shares of Class B convertible common stock, and the Company had shares of Class A convertible common
stock outstanding. 

On October 24, 2022, the Company s Class
A convertible common stock, redeemable warrants and units (consisting of one share of Class A convertible common stock and one-half of
one redeemable warrant) (collectively, the Securities commenced trading on the OTC Pink; the Company previously announced
its intention to voluntarily delist the Securities from the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), and that the last day of trading
on the NYSE would be October 21, 2022. 

On December 14, 2022, any unseparated units of
the Company (consisting of one share of Class A convertible common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant) terminated trading and
were subsequently separated. 

6 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (CONT.) 

shares
issued in its IPO (the Class A IPO Shares ), in accordance with the provision of its charter. Holders representing a total
of shares of the Class A IPO Shares called for redemption elected to receive a pro rata share of the cash, including the interest
earned thereon net of interest that may be used by the Company to pay its taxes payable (and not any stock), held in the Company s
Trust Account. The per share pro rata amount was calculated by dividing the number of Class A IPO Shares redeemed from each such
holder by the total number of outstanding Class A IPO Shares. Holders representing a total of shares of the Class A IPO Shares called
for redemption elected to receive Class C common stock issued on a one-for-one basis for the number of Class A IPO Shares redeemed from
each such holder, plus each such holder s pro rata share of the shares of Class C common stock held in the IPO Trust Account.
The pro rata share of the Class C common stock held in the Trust Account was calculated by dividing the number of Class A IPO Shares redeemed
from each such holder by the total number of Class A IPO Shares redeemed from all holders of Class A IPO Shares that elected to receive
stock. The amount of cash that would otherwise have been paid to holders who redeemed for cash (totaling approximately was released
from the Trust Account and transferred to the Company. The Trust Account was terminated following the release of the cash and stock to
holders of Class A IPO Shares in complete liquidation of the assets held in trust. The shares of Class A convertible common
stock owned by the Sponsor were not redeemed and were expressly excluded from participating in, and were not otherwise entitled to, any
of the cash and stock held in the Trust Account. The Class A IPO Shares redeemed are no longer deemed to be outstanding and all rights
of the holders thereof as stockholders of the Company with respect to the Class A IPO Shares so redeemed have ceased. The Class C common
stock received by holders who elected to receive stock has not been listed on a securities exchange. Following the redemption, the Company
had outstanding shares of Class A convertible common stock, shares of Class B convertible common stock, shares
of Class C common stock, public warrants and private placement warrants, as well as approximately of cash
on hand available for working capital purposes. 

On February 27, 2023, the Sponsor purchased the
 shares of Class C common stock from the holder thereof, which were comprised of (i) shares of Class C common stock, which
were issued on a one-for-one basis for the number of Class A convertible common stock of the Company previously redeemed from the holder
(as described above), and (ii) shares of Class C common stock, which represents the holder s pro rata share of the Class
C common stock that were held in the Trust Account (as described above), for an aggregate purchase price of . 

On September 29, 2023, the Sponsor elected to
voluntarily convert all of its shares of Class A convertible common stock into shares of Class C common stock (the Class C Conversion ).
Following this conversion, which occurred on November 1, 2023, the Sponsor owned shares of Class B convertible common stock
and shares of Class C common stock. 

The purpose of the Reverse Stock Split was to decrease
the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding and increase the liquidity and market price of such shares
to approximately per share. The other amendments to the Charter were as follows: (i) the elimination of any and all authorized
shares of Class A convertible common stock, the renaming of the Class C common stock to Class A common stock (the Reclassification ),
and the elimination of any and all authorized shares of Special common stock, (ii) the modification of the rights of the Class B convertible
common stock such that (a) the provisions permitting conversion into shares of Class C common stock were deleted and (b) each holder of
record shall be entitled to (10) votes for each share of Class B convertible common stock held, (iii) the deletion of certain provisions
of Article SIXTH of the Charter, including with respect to any references to a business combination and/or the Company s IPO Trust
Account, as such provisions were previously extinguished in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Charter and were therefore
of no further legal force and effect, and (iv) the deletion of certain provisions of Article SIXTH of the Charter, including the requirement
that the Board be divided into staggered classes for election. On November 2, 2023, the Company filed a Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, dated November 1, 2023, with the State of Delaware. 

Also, the Board recommended, and the stockholders
approved on September 29, 2023, an amendment to the Bylaws of the Company (the Bylaws to provide that, subject to applicable
law, any action that is required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Company at any annual or special meeting of stockholders
may be effected by written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting. On November 2, 2023, the Company filed the Amended and
Restated Bylaws with the State of Delaware. 

7 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (CONT.) 

shares of Class B convertible common stock are in issue and outstanding and approximately shares of Class A common stock are in
issue and outstanding as of the Effective Date. Accordingly, earnings per share reported for prior periods in the unaudited condensed
financial statements have been restated to reflect the retroactive effect of the reverse stock split. 

Following the Effective Date, and consistent with
the terms and conditions of the Warrant Agreement, the terms of the Company s public and private warrants were proportionately adjusted
in the same ratio as the reduction in the number of shares of outstanding common stock, except any fractional shares resulting from such
adjustment are rounded up or down, as the case may be, to the nearest whole share. Correspondingly, the per share exercise price of such
warrants is increased in direct proportion to the Reverse Stock Split ratio such that the aggregate dollar amount payable for the purchase
of the shares subject to such securities remains unchanged; therefore, the public warrants are exercisable into approximately
 shares of Class A common stock and the private placement warrants are exercisable into approximately shares
of Class A common stock, each at a price of approximately per share. In furtherance of any prospective business opportunities,
the Company may in the future seek to pursue a variety of capital raising initiatives. 

On April 29, 2024, the Board of Directors of the
Company recommended, and the Company s sole shareholder approved, an amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Amendment to (i) reduce the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock from
 shares to shares, (ii) reduce the number of authorized shares of Class B common stock from shares to 
shares, and (iii) reduce the number of authorized shares of preferred stock from shares to shares. The Company filed
the Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 30, 2024. 

8 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONT.) 

9 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONT.) 

shares of Class A common stock, since the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events
and average market price of the Company s Class A common stock for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, was below the Warrants exercise price. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common
share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share of common stock 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share of common stock 

10 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONT.) 

. Any loss incurred, or a lack of access to such funds, could have a significant adverse
impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

shares of Class B convertible common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price of , or approximately 
per share. 

Founder
Shares being outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the
underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis,
 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. 

On November 5, 2020, the over-allotment option
expired and was not exercised. Consequently Founder Shares were forfeited. Following the forfeiture, the sponsor owned 
shares of Class B convertible common stock. 

On September 27, 2022, the Company s Sponsor
contributed to the Company an aggregate of shares of Class B convertible common stock. Following the contribution, the Sponsor
owned shares of Class B convertible common stock. 

On October 17, 2022, the Sponsor elected to convert
 shares of Class B convertible common stock into shares of Class A convertible common stock. Following the conversion,
the Sponsor owned shares of Class B convertible common stock. 

The Class B convertible common stock is identical
to the Class A common stock except that (i) each share of Class B convertible common stock shall be entitled to (10) votes at any
annual or special meeting of stockholders or in the case of any written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting and for all purposes,
and (ii) the Class B convertible common stock has the exclusive right to elect, replace and remove the directors of the Company. Holders
of Class B convertible common stock may also elect to convert their shares of Class B convertible common stock into an equal number of
shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

On February 27, 2023, the Sponsor purchased 
shares of Class C common stock from a Holder, which were comprised of (i) shares of Class C common stock, which were issued on a
one-for-one basis for the number of shares of Class A convertible common stock of the Company previously redeemed from the Holder, and
(ii) shares of Class C common stock, which represent the Holder s pro rata share of the Class C common stock that were held
in the Trust Account, for an aggregate purchase price of . 

On November 1, 2023, the Sponsor voluntarily elected
to convert all of its shares of Class A convertible common stock into shares of Class C common stock (the Class C Conversion ),
which upon completion the Class C common stock was renamed Class A common stock. 

11 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 3. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONT.) 

per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred fees for these
services of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred fees for these
services of and , respectively. Administrative support fees included in accounts payable related party in the accompanying
unaudited condensed balance sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were and , respectively. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company held and , respectively, in the Gabelli U.S. Treasury Money Market Fund, which is recorded in cash and cash
equivalents on the condensed balance sheets. The Gabelli U.S. Treasury Money Market Fund is an open-ended money market fund with published
daily net asset values NAV ), in which case the Company uses NAV as a practical expedient to fair value. The NAV on this
investment is held constant at per unit. 

per Unit, or . 

On August 22, 2022, UBS agreed to waive its entitlement
to the deferred underwriting commission of to which it became entitled upon completion of the Company s Initial Public
Offering, subject to the consummation of the Transaction. On December 27, 2022, the Company announced the completion of the redemption
of its outstanding shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption, totaling shares issued in its IPO, in accordance with
the provision of its charter, which resulted in the forfeiture of the remaining of the deferred underwriting fee. As a result,
and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company derecognized the entire deferred underwriting fee payable of and recorded
 of the forgiveness of the deferred underwriting fee allocated to Public Shares to the carrying value of the shares of Class
A common stock and the remaining balance of as a gain from extinguishment of liability allocated to warrant liabilities. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The United States and global markets are experiencing
volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation
of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries
have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal
of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT payment system.
Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine
and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the
Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the
United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could
have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable,
they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply
chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the
global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the above mentioned factors, or any other
negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Company s search
for a business opportunity and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate a business opportunity. 

12 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designation,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. On September 21, 2022, the Company
amended the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize shares of preferred stock with a par value of . On April 30, 2024,
the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize shares of preferred stock with a par value of . At September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common Stock At inception,
the authorized common stock of the Company included up to shares of Class A convertible common stock and shares
of Class B convertible common stock. On September 21, 2022, the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize 
shares of Class A convertible common stock, shares of Class B convertible common stock, shares of Class C common
stock and shares of Special common stock. On November 1, 2023, the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to
authorize shares of Class A common stock (fka Class C common stock) and shares of Class B convertible common stock.
On November 2, 2023, the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate any and all authorized shares of Class A convertible
common stock. On April 30, 2024, the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to authorize shares of Class A common stock
(fka Class C common stock) and shares of Class B convertible common stock. 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were no authorized shares of Class A convertible common stock, shares of Class A common stock (fka Class C common stock) issued
and outstanding, and shares of Class B convertible common stock issued and outstanding. 

Warrants Public Warrants
may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. No warrants
will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the Public Warrants: 

per warrant; 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and subject to adjustment as described below) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, 
as described in the warrant agreement. 

The exercise price and number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend, or
recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of common stock at
a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. The Company
liquidated the funds held in the Trust Account; holders of warrants did not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants,
nor did they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants.
Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

The Private Warrants will be identical to the
Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private
Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and be non-redeemable so long as they are
held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchaser
or its permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis
as the Public Warrants. 

13 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY (CONT.) 

Restricted Class A common (fka Class C common) Total Class A Common Shares Restricted Class A convertible common Restricted Class B convertible common Total Outstanding Shares 

Federal Net Operating Loss 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company did not have any U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers NOLs available to offset future taxable
income. 

In assessing the realization of the deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which
temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of
the information available, management determined that a full valuation allowance was required. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Permanent book/tax differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
and in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. 

14 

PMV CONSUMER ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants 

The fair value of the Company s Public Warrants
at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, is based on observable inputs. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the measurement
of the Private Warrants are classified as Level 2 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. 

The aforementioned warrant liabilities are not
subject to qualified hedge accounting. 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized
at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. 

15 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp. References to
our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to PMV Consumer Acquisition Holdings Company, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar
words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events
or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could
cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking
statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering and/or the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed on March 28, 2024, with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a shell company formed under the laws of
the State of Delaware on March 18, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or other similar business opportunity with one or more businesses or entities. Our efforts to identify a prospective business
opportunity will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location, although we are currently focusing our search for a business
opportunity in the consumer industry. We intend to effectuate a business opportunity using cash, our capital stock, debt or a combination
of cash, stock and debt. 

The issuance of additional shares of our stock
in a transaction: 

may
significantly reduce the equity interest of our stockholders; 

may
subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded
to our shares of common stock; 

will
likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things,
our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of our
present officers and directors; and 

may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant indebtedness, it could result in: 

default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a transaction are insufficient to pay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security contains
covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant; 

our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and 

our
inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional
financing while such security is outstanding. 

16 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through September 30, 2024, were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare
for the IPO, described below, and searching for a business opportunity with which to complete a transaction. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of a transaction. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on
marketable securities held. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, we had a net loss of 45,555 and 151,294, respectively, which consists of interest income of 14,480 and 42,075, respectively,
offset by general and administrative expenses of 50,395 and 148,092, respectively, franchise tax expense of 8,000 and 23,286, respectively,
and provision for income taxes of 1,640 and 21,991, respectively. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, we had a net loss of 67,262 and 207,287, respectively, which consists of interest income of 14,132 and 36,981, respectively,
offset by general and administrative expenses of 57,670 and 201,842, respectively, franchise tax expense of 2,700 and 10,200, respectively,
and provision for income taxes of 21,024 and 32,226, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On September 24, 2020, we consummated the IPO
of 17,500,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000. Following the IPO, a total of 175,000,000
was placed in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, the Trust Account was fully redeemed. 

To the extent that our capital stock or debt is
used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a transaction, the remaining cash will be used as working capital to finance operations,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash
equivalents of 1,130,295. We intend to use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate potential business opportunities, perform business
due diligence on prospective business opportunities, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations associated with prospective
business opportunities, review corporate documents and material agreements related to business opportunities, and structure, negotiate
and complete a transaction. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
cash provided by operating activities was 57,665. Net loss of 151,294 was affected by net increase of changes in operating assets and
liabilities of 208,959. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
cash used in operating activities was 50,314. Net loss of 207,287 was affected by net increase of changes in operating assets and liabilities
of 156,973. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a business opportunity, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a transaction, we would repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that a transaction does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000
of such loans may be convertible into warrants identical to the Private Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the
lender. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a business
opportunity, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a transaction are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may
have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to a transaction. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
to complete a transaction, in which case we may issue additional equity securities or incur debt in connection with such transaction.
In addition, following a transaction, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our
obligations. 

17 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of September 30, 2024. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on September 24,
2020, and will continue to incur these fees monthly for the foreseeable future. 

On August 22, 2022, UBS agreed to waive its entitlement
to the deferred underwriting commission of 4,593,750 to which it became entitled upon completion of the Company s Initial Public
Offering, subject to the consummation of a transaction. Thereafter, on December 27, 2022, in accordance with the provisions of its charter,
the Company announced the completion of the redemption of its outstanding shares of Class A convertible common stock subject to redemption
(the Class A IPO Shares ), which resulted in the forfeiture of the remaining 1,531,250 of deferred underwriting fees. Following
the completion of the redemption of the Class A IPO Shares, the IPO Trust Account was terminated in complete liquidation of the assets
held in trust, and the relevant provisions of the Company s charter, including with respect to any business combination and the
IPO Trust Account, were extinguished and are of no further legal force and effect. As a result, the Company derecognized the entire deferred
underwriting fee payable of 6,125,000 and recorded 5,815,688 of the forgiveness of the deferred underwriting fee allocated to Public
Shares to accumulated earnings (deficit) and the remaining balance of 309,312 was as a gain from extinguishment of liability allocated
to warrant liabilities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the deferred underwriting fee payable is 0. 

18 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of the unaudited condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting estimates during the quarter ended September
30, 2024. 

We have identified the following critical accounting
policies and estimates: 

Warrant Liability 

We account for the warrants issued in connection
with our IPO in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815 under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment
and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants
to fair value at each reporting period. The Company s accounting policy and estimate surrounding the warrant liability is deemed
to be critical since it is an equity linked instrument, and the accounting pronouncement that determines the initial classification at
issuance is considered a complex topic. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any
change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. Any changes in the value could have a significant impact on the results
of operations. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Through September 30, 2024, our efforts were limited
to organizational activities, activities relating to our initial public offering and, since the initial public offering, the search for
a business opportunity for which to consummate a transaction. We have engaged in limited operations and have not generated any revenues.
We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception on March 18, 2020. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities
with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

As of September 30, 2024, we were not subject
to any market or interest rate risk. The Company s cash was invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there was no associated material exposure
to interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Co-Principal Executive Officers and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of September 30, 2024, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our principal executive officers and principal financial and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and
Chief Accounting Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes during the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

19 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

In addition to the other information set forth
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors 
in our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024, for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

You should understand that an investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in this section Risk
Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
The following is a summary of some of the risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor incorporated by
reference or contained herein below. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our public stockholders are relying on management to locate a suitable business opportunity. We may not be successful in identifying a suitable business opportunity and, even if one is identified, no assurance can be provided that we will successfully negotiate and consummate a transaction. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to identify a business opportunity and complete a transaction. 

Certain of our executive officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our limited resources may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business opportunities, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a transaction. 

We may engage in a business opportunity with one or more businesses or entities that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We will likely only be able to complete one business opportunity, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and changes in the value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

The risk factors set forth below provide more
detailed disclosure of the risks relating to our operations. 

We are a recently formed company with no
operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently formed company with no operating
results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objectives.
We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with respect to any business opportunity and may be unable to complete a transaction.
If we fail to complete a transaction, we may never generate any operating revenues. 

If we elect to take advantage of the controlled
company standards, we would be exempt from various corporate governance requirements. 

Certain listing rules generally define a Controlled
Company as any company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group
or another company. Only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. More than 50 of the
Founder Shares are held by our Sponsor. Accordingly, we satisfy the definition of being a controlled company. We may in the future elect
to take advantage of the controlled company standards, pursuant to which we would be exempt from various corporate governance requirements,
such as the requirement to have a majority of independent directors and to have nominating/corporate governance and compensation committees
comprised entirely of independent directors. 

20 

Because of our limited resources and the
significant competition for business opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete a transaction and our warrants may expire
worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of business opportunities we intend to pursue.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly
or indirectly, such business opportunities and/or operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous business opportunities we could potentially
pursue, our ability to compete for such business opportunities will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain business opportunities. 

Holders of Class A common stock (fka Class
C common stock) will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold. 

Only holders of our Founder Shares will have the
right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors. Accordingly,
you may not have any say in the management of our company. 

Holders of Class B common stock will be
entitled to ten (10) votes for each such share. 

Holders of Class B common stock will be entitled
to ten (10) votes for each such share at any annual or special meeting of stockholders or in the case of any written consent of stockholders
in lieu of a meeting and for all purposes. Holders of our public shares will be entitled to one vote for each such share held. Accordingly,
holders of Founder Shares may exert an outsized influence on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which holders of the
common stock are entitled to vote. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a business opportunity in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific business opportunities with which to pursue a
transaction, you are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of any particular business opportunity. 

Although we initially intended to focus our search
for a business opportunity in the consumer products industry, we are not limited to evaluating a business opportunity in any particular
industry sector. As a result, there is no current basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular business opportunity.
To the extent we complete a transaction, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business opportunity. For example, if we
pursue a business opportunity with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we
may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although
our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular business opportunity, we cannot assure you that
we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact a business opportunity. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove
to be more favorable to you than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business opportunity. 

Our success largely depends on the ability
of our management team to operate and execute effectively. 

Our success largely depends on the ability of
our management team to effectively organize and consummate a business opportunity. Our management team is critical to the execution of
our strategic direction and implementation of a business opportunity. It is difficult to predict with any certainty that we will be able
to replace these individuals with persons of equivalent experience and capabilities should one or more members no longer be able to serve
in their current capacity. If we are unable to find adequate replacements or to attract, retain and incentivize senior executives, other
key advisors or new qualified personnel, such inability could have a material adverse effect on our ability to effect a business opportunity
and final results of operations. 

Past performance by our management team,
our special advisors and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our management team, our special advisors and their respective affiliates is presented for informational purposes only.
Past performance by them is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business opportunity we may consummate, or (ii)
that we will be able to locate a suitable business opportunity. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our
management team, our special advisors and their respective affiliates or businesses associated with them as indicative of the future performance
of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

21 

Any future involvement of our Sponsor and
its affiliates, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in governmental investigations or civil litigation
unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate a business opportunity. 

Our Sponsor and its affiliates, members of our
management team and companies with which they are affiliated may become involved in governmental investigations and civil litigation relating
to their business affairs unrelated to our Company in the United States or in other jurisdictions. Such matters, should they arise in
the future, risk distracting them from attention to our affairs and may negatively impact our ability to attract suitable business opportunities
and may ultimately impede our ability to consummate a transaction. 

We may seek business opportunities in any
industry our management chooses (which industries may be outside of our management s areas of expertise). 

We may consider a business opportunity in any
industry our management chooses. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business opportunity,
we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an
investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if
an opportunity were available, in a business opportunity. In the event we elect to pursue a business opportunity outside of the areas
of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and
the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to pursue. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. 

We may seek business opportunities with
a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to
volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we effect a transaction with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in
the operations of that business opportunity. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining
key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular business opportunity,
we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due
diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely impact a business opportunity. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm, or another valuation or appraisal firm that commonly renders fairness opinions, and consequently
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying in a transaction is fair to our stockholders from a
financial point of view. 

Unless we complete a transaction with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another valuation or appraisal firm that
commonly renders fairness opinions, that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on
standards generally accepted by the financial community. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
business opportunities that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to identify and effect a business
opportunity. If we are unable to complete a transaction, our warrants may expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
business opportunity and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will
require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete
a specific business opportunity, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore,
if we reach an agreement relating to a specific business opportunity, we may fail to complete the transaction for any number of reasons,
including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely
affect subsequent attempts to identify and effect another business opportunity. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders. 

We may, subject to requisite stockholder approval
under the DGCL, reincorporate in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a stockholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction
in which the stockholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to
make any cash distributions to stockholders to pay such taxes. Stockholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

22 

Our ability to successfully effect a business
opportunity and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The loss of key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of a business opportunity. 

Prior to the completion of a transaction, our
operations will be dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We
believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed a business opportunity.
In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business opportunities
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of
our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have
a detrimental effect on us. 

The role of key personnel in a business opportunity,
however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some key personnel may remain in senior management or advisory positions following
a transaction, it is equally likely that some or all may be replaced. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage
in relation to a particular business opportunity, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to
expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, certain officers and directors may resign
upon completion of a transaction. The departure of key personnel could negatively impact our operations and profitability. The role of
key personnel cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of the management team will remain post-transaction,
it is possible that members of management will not wish to remain. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and
profitability of our post-transaction business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with a particular business opportunity, and a particular business opportunity may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a transaction
and, as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business opportunity is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
company post-transaction only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the transaction and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or
our securities for services they would render to us with respect to such business opportunity. Such negotiations also could make such
key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to a transaction. The personal and financial interests of such individuals
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a business opportunity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

We may have a limited ability to assess
a prospective business opportunity and, as a result, may identify and effect a business opportunity whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholder s
investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
a business opportunity, our ability to assess management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment
of the capabilities of the management team, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-transaction business may be negatively impacted. 

Our executive officers and directors will
allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to effect a business opportunity. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business opportunity and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of a transaction. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which they
may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per
week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to effect
a business opportunity. 

23 

Our officers and directors presently have
fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We intend to engage in the business of identifying
and effecting one or more business opportunities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may
have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present business opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
business opportunity may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware
law. 

Our officers and directors may in the future
become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, and, accordingly, may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We intend to engage in the business of identifying
and effecting one or more business opportunities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may
have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present business opportunities to such entities. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a
particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business
may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties
under Delaware law. 

In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and
directors may sponsor or form other companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in
which we are seeking business opportunities. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest
in pursuing business opportunities. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to
effect a business opportunity. 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
effect a business opportunity with an entity that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do
not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a business opportunity and completing a transaction. Consequently,
our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable business opportunity may result in a conflict
of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business opportunity are appropriate and in our
stockholder s best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware
law, and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholder s rights. However,
we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may effect a business opportunity with
one or more entities that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing
holders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to effect one or more business opportunities that are affiliated with our Sponsor,
executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities
may compete with us for business opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific business opportunities
involving any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business opportunity
with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated
entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business opportunity,
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business opportunity with one or more businesses affiliated
with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result,
the terms of the business opportunity may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

24 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to effect a business opportunity, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholder s investment in us. 

Although we have no current commitments to issue
any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to effect a business
opportunity. The incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to effect one business
opportunity, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.
This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may only be able to effect one business opportunity.
By effecting a business opportunity with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks
or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to effect several business opportunities in different industries
or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business opportunity; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate. 

We may attempt to simultaneously effect
multiple business opportunities, which may hinder our ability to complete a business opportunity and give rise to increased costs and
risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously effect several
business opportunities, we may need for each to agree that effecting one business opportunity is contingent on the other business opportunities,
which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to effect a business opportunity. With multiple business opportunities,
we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of different business opportunities. If we are unable to adequately
address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to effect a business opportunity
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a transaction that is not as profitable as we
suspected, if at all. 

We may seek to effect a business opportunity with
a privately held company. By definition, very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required
to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential business opportunity on the basis of limited information, which may result in a
transaction that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

25 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to effect a business opportunity or to fund our operations and growth, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business
opportunity. If we are unable to effect a business opportunity, our warrants may expire worthless. 

As we have not yet selected any prospective business
opportunity, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction; however, it is likely that we will require additional
financing to effect a business opportunity. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
The current economic environment has made it especially difficult for companies to obtain such financing. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to effect a business opportunity, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction
or abandon that particular business opportunity and seek an alternative business opportunity. If we are unable to effect a business opportunity,
our warrants may expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to effect a business opportunity, we may require
such financing to fund our operations or growth. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our
continued development or growth. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing. 

Our Sponsor controls a substantial interest
in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Given that it controls a substantial interest
in us, our Sponsor may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
support, including amendments to our certificate of incorporation. 

Further, holders of our Founder Shares will be
entitled to ten (10) votes for each Founder Share held at any annual or special meeting of stockholders or in the case of any written
consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting and for all purposes. Holders of our public shares will be entitled to one vote for each
such share. Additionally, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our
public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but
requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse
to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment (which would include any public
warrants purchased by our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors). 

Although our ability to amend the terms of the
public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could
be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

We are an emerging growth company within
the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth
companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with
other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our shares of Class A
common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any September 30 before that time, in which case we would no
longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less
attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies,
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

26 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million
as of the prior September 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and
the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior September 30 th .
To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other
public companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effect a business opportunity, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing a transaction. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company will we be required to comply
with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further,
for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The development and maintenance of internal control to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to effect a business opportunity. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. Holders of
our Founder Shares will be entitled to ten (10) votes for each Founder Share held at any annual or special meeting of stockholders or
in the case of any written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting and for all purposes. Holders of our public shares will be entitled
to one vote for each such share. Additionally, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors.
Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors. This may entrench management and discourage unsolicited
stockholder proposals that may be in the best interest of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of
management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides,
subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder
litigation matters, which could limit our stockholder s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our
directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our certificate of incorporation requires, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for
breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising
under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent
jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have
notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. 

This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or employees,
which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and may therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. We
cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice
of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates
exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

27 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We will likely depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss or inability to effect a business opportunity. 

There may be tax consequences that may adversely
affect us. 

While we expect to undertake any business opportunity
so as to minimize taxes, a particular transaction could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. Additionally, depending on the
date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist
of personal holding company income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the
members of our Sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than
50 of our stock will be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of
a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not become a personal holding company following this offering or in the future.
If we are or were to become a personal holding company in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional personal holding
company tax, currently 20 , on our undistributed taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. 

There may be uncertain or adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences. 

There may be uncertain U.S. federal income tax
consequences pertaining to certain transactions. For instance, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants
is unclear under current law. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences
when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. 

If we pursue a business opportunity outside
of the United States, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and effecting such business opportunity,
and if we effect such business opportunity, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a business opportunity outside of
the United States, we would be subject to risks associated with a variety of cross-border issues, including in connection with investigating,
agreeing to and effecting a business opportunity, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved
by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect a business opportunity outside of
the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future operations may be affected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

28 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to effect such business opportunity, or, if we do effect such business
opportunity, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If a change in management occurs, and new
management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Our management may resign from their positions
as officers or directors of the company and new management may take their place. New management may not be familiar with United States
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations. 

If we effect a business opportunity outside
of the United States, substantially all of our assets could be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue could
be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are ultimately located could affect our business. Economic growth
could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy, and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If
in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for
spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability
to find and/or effect an attractive business opportunity. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency
policies may cause our ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we effect a business opportunity
outside of the United States, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our
net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of currencies
fluctuates and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such
currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any business opportunity and/or our financial condition and results
of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of a transaction, the cost
of a transaction as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

29 

We may face risks related to consumer and
consumer-related products and services industries. 

Business opportunities within the consumer and
consumer-related products and services industries entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in effecting a business
opportunity within such industries, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; 

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; 

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

limitations on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including trade secrets, that could cause a loss in revenue and any competitive advantage; 

the high cost or unavailability of materials, equipment, supplies and personnel that could adversely affect our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis; 

an inability to attract and retain customers; 

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

seasonality and weather conditions that may cause our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter; 

an inability by us to successfully anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends and manage our product line and inventory commensurate with customer demand; 

potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we may distribute; 

dependence of our operations upon third-party suppliers whose failure to perform adequately could disrupt our business; 

our operating results may be adversely affected by changes in the cost or availability of raw materials and energy; 

we may be subject to production-related risks which could jeopardize our ability to realize anticipated sales and profits; 

regulatory changes that impact our ability to import products or material inputs on a cost effective basis; 

changes in the retail industry and markets for consumer products affecting our customers or retailing practices could negatively impact customer relationships and our results of operations; and 

our business could involve the potential for product recalls, product liability and other claims against us, which could affect our earnings and financial condition. 

Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact
on our operations. However, our efforts in identifying prospective businesses opportunities will not be limited to consumer and consumer-related products
and services industries. Accordingly, if we effect a business opportunity in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and
we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

30 

Failure to maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

As a public company, we are required to maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Internal control
over financial reporting is complex and may be revised over time to adapt to changes in our business, or changes in applicable accounting
rules. We cannot assure you that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in the future or that a material weakness
will not be discovered with respect to a prior period for which we had previously believed that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective. Matters impacting our internal control over financial reporting may cause us to be unable to report our financial information
on a timely basis, or may cause us to restate previously issued financial information, and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences,
including sanctions or investigations by the SEC, or violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules. There could also be a negative
reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements is also likely to suffer if we report a material weakness in the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect us by, for example, leading to a decline in the price of our
shares/warrants and impairing our ability to attract a business opportunity and/or consummate a transaction. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and changes in the value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the SEC Staff expressed its
view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities instead of equity
on the SPAC s balance sheet. As a result of the SEC Staff Statement, we re-evaluated the accounting treatment of our warrants, and
determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in our statement
of operations for each reporting period. 

As a result, included on our balance sheets as
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and contained elsewhere in this report, are derivative liabilities related to embedded features
contained within our warrants. ASC 815-40 provides for the re-measurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet
date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of
operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly
based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash
gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 

Changes in laws
or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to identify
a potential business opportunity and/or negotiate and complete a transaction, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws
and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and
other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly.
Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to identify a potential business
opportunity and/or negotiate and complete a transaction, and results of operations. 

31 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a transaction or conduct other business activities. 

If we are deemed to be
an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to identify a potential business opportunity and/or negotiate and complete a transaction. 

In addition, we may have
imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

independence, reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities for purposes of Section (3)(a)(1)(A) thereof and that
our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more
than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis for purposes of Section
(3)(a)(1)(C) thereof. Our business is to identify a potential business opportunity and complete a transaction. 

We do not believe that
our principal ongoing activities centered on identifying a potential business opportunity and completing a transaction will subject us
to the Investment Company Act under the definition of investment company contained in Section (3)(a)(1)(A) thereof. By having
a business plan targeted at identifying a potential business opportunity and completing a transaction, we intend to avoid being deemed
an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. 

However, we are aware of litigation against certain
entities asserting that, notwithstanding the foregoing, those entities should be considered investment companies and the SEC has suggested
that the extended period of investment of assets by similar such entities raise questions about their status as investment companies under
Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be
imposed on the Company in connection with redemptions. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IRA was signed into federal law. The IRA provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax
on certain repurchases (including redemptions as defined in the Internal Revenue Code) of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and
certain U.S. subsidiaries of publicly traded non-U.S. corporations (each, a covered corporation ). Because our securities
are publicly trading in the over-the-counter market, we may be deemed a covered corporation for this purpose. The excise
tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise
tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating
the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market
value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department
of Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the
excise tax. The IRA applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Therefore, any redemption or other repurchase
that occurs after December 31, 2022, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax
would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and, (ii) the nature and amount of the equity,
and (iii) the content of regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax
would be payable by the Company, and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been
determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to identify a potential business opportunity and/or complete
a transaction. 

32 

We filed a Form 25 with the SEC which became
effective October 21, 2022, to voluntarily delist our common stock and public warrants from the NYSE and our securities are now available
for limited quotation in the over-the-counter market and it is expected that any trading will be limited and sporadic. 

Our delisting from the NYSE took effect on October
21, 2022; initially our shares of common stock and public warrants were trading on the NYSE and thereafter became eligible for quotation
on the Pink tier of OTC Markets Group, if market makers commit to making a market in the securities. We can provide no assurance that
trading in our securities will continue on the OTC Markets Group or otherwise. As a result of the delisting, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock , which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Currently our securities are not eligible for
proprietary broker-dealer quotations. All quotes will reflect unsolicited customer orders and, as a result, we expect any trading to involve
a higher risk of wider spreads, increased volatility, and price dislocations and a general illiquid trading environment. Proprietary broker-dealer
quotations may not commence until an initial review by a broker-dealer under the SEC s Rule 15c2-11 which would enable brokers to
publish competing quotes and provide continuous market making. No assurance can be provided that a liquid trading market will develop
even if market makers begin proprietary quotations and thus we expect investors will experience difficulty in trading our securities. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because they have been delisted, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be
subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. This state level regulation introduces additional compliance requirements
for brokers to consider making markets in our securities and will further negatively impact any trading liquidity in our securities. 

33 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

On March 20, 2020, the Sponsor purchased 3,593,750
shares of Class B convertible common stock, the Founder Shares , for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.007 per share. On August 3, 2020, the Company effected a 1.4-for-1 forward stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of Class
B convertible common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 5,031,250 Founder Shares being issued and outstanding. The Underwriters 
over-allotment option expired unutilized resulting in 656,250 shares of Founder Shares being forfeited. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, 26,831 (restated for reverse stock split) Founder Shares were issued and outstanding. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On September 24, 2020, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 17,500,000 Units, which did not include the full or partial exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option
to purchase an additional 2,625,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act
on registration statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-241670). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statements effective
on September 21, 2020. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 6,150,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant in a private placement
to PMV Consumer Acquisition Holdings Company, LLC, generating gross proceeds of 6,150,000. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Private Warrants are identical to the warrants
underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants are not transferable, assignable or saleable,
subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants, 175,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. The Trust Account was terminated following
the redemption of the outstanding shares of Class A convertible common stock subject to redemption, which was completed on December 27,
2022, in accordance with the provisions of our charter, and all cash and stock held therein was released to holders of Class A IPO Shares
in complete liquidation of the assets held in trust. 

We paid a total of 3,500,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and 332,390 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering, net of a 175,000 credit paid
by the Underwriter. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information. 

34 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1.1. 
 
 Underwriting Agreement between the Company and UBS Securities LLC and BTIG, LLC as representatives of the underwriters (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2023) 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2024) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 7, 2023) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and PMV Consumer Acquisition Holding Company, LLC (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Subscription Agreement for private warrants between the Company and PMV Consumer Acquisition Holding Company, LLC (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and PMV Consumer Acquisition Company, LLC (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and PMV Consumer Delaware Management Partners LLC (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Accounting Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 25, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp. 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Marc Gabelli 

Name: 
 Marc Gabelli 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Name: 
 Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ John N. Givissis 

Name: 
 John N. Givissis 

Title: 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021699601ex31-1_pmvcon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Marc Gabelli, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, if any, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 

/s/ Marc Gabelli 

Marc Gabelli 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021699601ex31-2_pmvcon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert LaPenta, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, if any, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 

/s/ Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 ea021699601ex31-3_pmvcon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, John N. Givissis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of PMV Consumer Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, if any, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 

/s/ John N. Givissis 

John N. Givissis 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea021699601ex32-1_pmvcon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of PMV
Consumer Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated
below, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 

/s/ Marc Gabelli 

Marc Gabelli 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Robert LaPenta, Jr. 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John N. Givissis 

John N. Givissis 

Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pmvcd-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pmvcd-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pmvcd-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pmvcd-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pmvcd-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

