<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1749723_0001749723-24-000116.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>264597284</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>2928975</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>251671338</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4572344</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2607423</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2480011</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001749723-24-000116.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112164417
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001749723-24-000116
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		508
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Fortress Energy Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001749723
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				831482060
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38790
		FILM NUMBER:		241449238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 W. 19TH STREET
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(516) 268-7400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 W. 19TH STREET
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Fortress Energy LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NFE Financial Holdings LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001749723-24-000116.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 nfe-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nfe-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to__________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 As of November 8, 2024, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 ii 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iv 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements. 
 1 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 39 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 63 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 64 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 65 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 65 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 65 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 101 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 102 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 102 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information. 
 102 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 102 
 SIGNATURES 
 108 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 As commonly used in the liquefied natural gas industry, to the extent applicable and as used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report ), the terms listed below have the following meanings: 
 ADO automotive diesel oil Bcf/yr billion cubic feet per year Btu the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of one avoirdupois pound of pure water from 59 degrees Fahrenheit to 60 degrees Fahrenheit at an absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per square inch gage CAA Clean Air Act CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CWA Clean Water Act DOE U.S. Department of Energy EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency FTA countries countries with which the United States has a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GHG greenhouse gases GSA gas sales agreement Henry Hub a natural gas pipeline located in Erath, Louisiana that serves as the official delivery location for futures contracts on the New York Mercantile Exchange ISO container International Organization of Standardization, an intermodal container LNG natural gas in its liquid state at or below its boiling point at or near atmospheric pressure MMBtu one million Btus, which corresponds to approximately 12.1 gallons of LNG mtpa metric tons per year MW megawatt. We estimate 2,500 LNG gallons would be required to produce one megawatt NGA Natural Gas Act of 1938, as amended non-FTA countries countries without a free trade agreement with the United States providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas and with which trade is permitted OPA Oil Pollution Act OUR Office of Utilities Regulation (Jamaica) 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 PHMSA Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PPA power purchase agreement SSA steam supply agreement TBtu one trillion Btus, which corresponds to approximately 12,100,000 gallons of LNG 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements regarding, among other things, our plans, strategies, prospects and projections, both business and financial. All statements contained in this Quarterly Report other than historical information are forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and relate to future events, our future financial performance or our projected business results. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, projects, targets, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily estimates based upon current information and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors. While it is impossible to identify all such factors, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by us include: 
 adequately addressing the substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern and satisfy our liquidity needs, including the consummation of our refinancing transactions intended to extend our debt maturities and enhance our liquidity; 
 the results of our subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures and special purpose entities in which we invest and their ability to make dividends or distributions to us; 
 construction and operational risks related to our facilities and assets, including cost overruns and delays; 
 failure of LNG or natural gas to be a competitive source of energy in the markets in which we operate, and seek to operate; 
 complex regulatory and legal environments related to our business, assets and operations, including actions by governmental entities or changes to regulation or legislation, in particular related to our permits, approvals and authorizations for the construction and operation of our facilities; 
 delays or failure to obtain and maintain approvals and permits from governmental and regulatory agencies; 
 failure to obtain a return on our investments for the development of our projects and assets and the implementation of our business strategy; 
 failure to maintain sufficient working capital for the development and operation of our business and assets; 
 failure to convert our customer pipeline into actual sales; 
 lack of asset, geographic or customer diversification, including loss of one or more of our customers; 
 competition from third parties in our business; 
 cyclical or other changes in the demand for and price of LNG and natural gas; 
 inability to procure LNG at necessary quantities or at favorable prices to meet customer demand, or otherwise to manage LNG supply and price risks, including hedging arrangements; 
 inability to successfully develop and implement our technological solutions; 
 inability to service our debt and comply with our covenant restrictions; 
 inability to obtain additional financing to effect our strategy; 
 inability to successfully complete mergers, sales, divestments or similar transactions related to our businesses or assets or to integrate such businesses or assets and realize the anticipated benefits; 
 economic, political, social and other risks related to the jurisdictions in which we do, or seek to do, business; 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

 weather events or other natural or manmade disasters or phenomena; 
 any future pandemic or any other major health and safety incident; 
 increased labor costs, disputes or strikes, and the unavailability of skilled workers or our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
 the tax treatment of, or changes in tax laws applicable to, us or our business or of an investment in our Class A common stock; and 
 other risks described in the Risk Factors section of this Quarterly Report. 
 All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risks set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors and other cautionary statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our Annual Report ), this Quarterly Report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The cautionary statements referred to in this section also should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that may be issued by us or persons acting on our behalf. We undertake no duty to update these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance, projections or achievements. 

v 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 New Fortress Energy Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 (Unaudited, in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivables, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net Total current assets Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, net Equity method investments Right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets, net Other non-current assets, net Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Non-current lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 21) 
 par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 as of December 31, 2023); aggregate liquidation preference of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Stockholders equity Class A common stock, par value, million shares authorized, million issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024; million issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity attributable to NFE Non-controlling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 New Fortress Energy Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited, in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Operating revenue Vessel charter revenue Other revenue Total revenues Operating expenses Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) Vessel operating expenses Operations and maintenance Selling, general and administrative Transaction and integration costs Depreciation and amortization Asset impairment expense Loss on sale of assets, net Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Income before income from equity method investments and income taxes Income from equity method investments Tax provision Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to stockholders ) Net income (loss) per share basic ) Net income (loss) per share diluted ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted Other comprehensive income (loss): Currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to stockholders ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

New Fortress Energy Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited, in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share amounts) 
 Series A convertible preferred stock Class A common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Non- controlling interest Total stockholders equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of shares for vested share-based compensation awards Shares withheld from employees related to share-based compensation, at cost ) ) ) Issuance of Series A convertible preferred stock, net Dividends ) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of shares for vested share-based compensation awards Shares withheld from employees related to share-based compensation, at cost ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of shares for vested share-based compensation awards Shares withheld from employees related to share-based compensation, at cost ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Class A common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Non- controlling interest Total stockholders equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income Cancellation of shares ) ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of shares for vested share-based compensation awards Shares withheld from employees related to share-based compensation, at cost ) ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Dividends ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 New Fortress Energy Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited, in thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments for: Depreciation and amortization Movement in credit loss allowances Deferred taxes ) Share-based compensation Loss on asset sales Asset impairment expense (Earnings) recognized from vessels chartered to third parties transferred to Energos ) ) Loss on the disposal of equity method investment Loss on extinguishment of debt Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) in receivables ) ) Decrease (increase) in inventories ) (Increase decrease in other assets ) Decrease in right-of-use assets Increase in accounts payable/accrued liabilities (Decrease) increase in amounts due to affiliates ) (Decrease) in lease liabilities ) ) Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) Sale of equity method investment Asset sales Other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings of debt Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Repayment of debt ) ) Payment of dividends ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities associated with construction in progress and property, plant and equipment additions Accounts payable and accrued liabilities associated with construction in progress and property, plant and equipment additions Principal payments on financing obligation to Energos by third party charters ) ) Shares received in Hilli Exchange ) Fair value of contingent payments in the Lins Acquisition 
 Class A convertible preferred stock issued and debt assumed in the PortoCem Acquisition ) 
 The following table identifies the balance sheet line-items included in Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash presented in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 includes and , respectively, which have been classified as assets held for sale and included in Other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

operating segments, Terminals and Infrastructure and Ships. The business and reportable segment information reflect how the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM regularly reviews and manages the business. 

7 

Table of Contents 

of the outstanding equity interest of Usina Termeletrica de Lins S.A. ("Lins"), which owns key rights and permits to develop a combined cycle gas-fired power plant for up to GW located in the State of Sao Paulo, within the city limits of Lins, Brazil. The purchase consideration consisted of a cash payment made at closing in addition to potential future payments contingent on achieving certain milestones of up to . As the contingent payments meet the definition of a derivative, the fair value of the contingent payments of is included as part of the purchase consideration and is recognized in Other non-current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets upon acquisition. The fair value of the derivative liability was as of September 30, 2024. 
 The purchase of Lins has been accounted for as an asset acquisition. As a result, no goodwill was recorded. The total purchase consideration of was allocated to permits and authorizations acquired and is recorded within Intangible assets, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, the Company recognized a deferred tax liability of that resulted from the acquisition. 
 PortoCem Acquisition 
 On March 20, 2024, the Company completed transactions pursuant to an agreement among the Company, Ceiba Energy Fundo de Investimento em Participa es Multiestrat gia - Investimento no Exterior Ceiba Energy and PortoCem Gera o de Energia S.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ceiba Energy PortoCem ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Ceiba Energy shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ), and assumed certain of PortoCem s existing indebtedness in exchange for all outstanding equity interests in PortoCem, the owner of a GW capacity reserve contract in Brazil (the PortoCem Acquisition ). 
 The PortoCem Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition. As a result, no goodwill was recorded, and the Company s acquisition-related costs of were included in the purchase consideration. The total purchase consideration of , which was comprised of the value of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued, PortoCem BTG Loan assumed (defined in Note 19) and deferred tax liability of recognized as a result of the acquisition, was allocated to acquired capacity reserve contract within Intangible assets, net. 
 On September 23, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with Ceiba Energy, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue to Ceiba Energy shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share and liquidation preference per share (the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ), in 
 exchange for all outstanding shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, of which are held by Ceiba Energy and of which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of Ceiba Energy. The Company issued the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock on October 1, 2024 with substantially the same terms as the Series A Preferred Stock, with the exception of the conversion price, and this exchange will be reflected in the Company's financial statements in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of per share and is not subject to any sinking fund. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted into shares of Class A common stock. 
 Dividend rights 
 The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ranks senior to the shares of the Company s common stock, in terms of dividend rights and rights upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to a cumulative dividend at the rate of per annum, which is payable 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 per annum until all accrued but unpaid dividends have been paid in full. 
 Conversion features 
 The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted by each holder, in whole or in minimum increments of shares, at any time into a number of shares of Class A common stock per share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock equal to the quotient of per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon and the then applicable conversion price. The initial conversion price is per share of Class A common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 
 Redemption rights 
 Upon the occurrence of certain events, the holders constituting at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may require the Company to repurchase the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, for cash or shares of Class A common stock (or any combination thereof) at a repurchase price of per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon. Contingent events that would allow the holders to require repurchase by the Company include: 
 change in control, downgrade in the credit rating of certain of the Company's debt or if certain financial leverage ratios aren't achieved ("Change Event"). In August 2024, a Change Event occurred due to the downgrade of the Company's debt. Prior to the redemption of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, an agreement was reached to exchange the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as discussed above. 
 as of the 30th trading day following March 20, 2027, if the arithmetic average of the daily volume-weighted average price of the Company's common stock for the thirty consecutive trading day period beginning on first trading day following March 20, 2027 is less than the then-applicable conversion price ("Share Price Condition"). 
 If the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is to be repurchased by the Company, the majority of the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may require the Company to repurchase the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for shares of Class A common stock. 
 The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may be redeemed by the Company, in whole but not in part, at its option upon days written notice as follows: 
 on or before March 20, 2027 at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends and (ii) the cash amount necessary per share for a holder to achieve a Return on Investment (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) as of the redemption date equal to ; 
 after the th trading day following March 20, 2027 if the Share Price Condition is not met or (y) calendar days after the delivery of the required notice if the Share Price Condition is met, in each case, at a redemption price equal to per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends; 
 occurrence of a Change Event at a redemption price equal to per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends. 
 The Company may redeem the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for cash or shares of Class A common stock (or any combination thereof); provided that for a redemption prior to March 20, 2027 due to a Change Event, a majority of the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may require the Company to redeem for cash or shares of Class A common stock. 
 Since the redemption of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is contingently redeemable and therefore not certain to occur, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is not required to be classified as a liability. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the holder in certain circumstances upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within the Company's control, and as such, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

. Additionally, the APA includes a requirement that the Company provide major maintenance services on certain of the sold turbines within months of the sale date; the standalone selling price of these maintenance services of will be recognized when these services are performed, and the transaction price allocated to the sale of turbines was reduced by this amount. The Company recognized of the maintenance services revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . The book value of the turbines and equipment at the time of sale was , and the Company recognized a loss of in Loss on sale of assets, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 A portion of the assets sold to PREPA were previously leased by the Company. To facilitate the sale of these leased turbines, the Company terminated leases, acquiring turbines and equipment immediately prior to the sale of such turbines and equipment to PREPA. The cost to acquire the leased turbines, including the write-off of the right-of-use asset and lease liability were included in the book value of the turbines and the related loss upon sale. 
 As part of these transactions, the Company repaid the Equipment Notes (See Note 19) that were collateralized by the sold turbines, recognizing a loss on extinguishment of debt of , which was comprised of fees due upon prepayment as well as the unamortized portion of financing costs incurred at the inception of the loan. 
 The Company's contract to provide emergency power services to support the grid stabilization project was also terminated. All unrecognized contract liabilities and cost to fulfil at the time of termination were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (See Note 6). The Company believes that there are remedies available under the customer contract, and is currently pursuing these remedies. As the outcome of this process is uncertain, any transaction price associated with closing this contract has been fully constrained. The Company has been awarded a new gas sale agreement with PREPA under which the Company is providing gas supply to the sold turbines. 
 
 and , respectively, which included from the cargo sale from the Company's first FLNG project in the third quarter of 2024. LNG cargo sales for the three and nine months ended 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, which included and of contract settlements, respectively. 
 
 Operation and maintenance revenue Total other revenue 
 Operation and maintenance revenue is recognized by the Company's subsidiary, Genera PR LLC ("Genera"), under its contract for the operation and maintenance of PREPA's thermal generation assets. Under this agreement, Genera is paid a fixed annual fee and reimbursed for pass-through expenses, including payroll expenses of Genera employees, beginning when the contract commenced on July 1, 2023. Amounts recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include fixed fees, reimbursement of pass-through expenditures and an estimate of variable consideration for incentive fees to be received. Variable consideration has been estimated based on the most likely amount method, and the Company includes estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The determination of estimated amounts included in the transaction price is based largely upon an assessment of the uncertainties associated with the variable consideration, including the susceptibility of payment to factors outside of the Company s control. The Company considers all information that is reasonably available, including historical, current and estimates of future performance. 
 
 Under most customer contracts, invoicing occurs once the Company s performance obligations have been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, receivables related to revenue from contracts with customers totaled and , respectively, and were included in Receivables, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, net of current expected credit losses of and , respectively. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded an additional allowance for uncollectible receivables of . The allowance reduces outstanding receivables for certain customers to reflect the amount that the Company expects to receive. Other items included in Receivables, net not related to revenue from contracts with customers represent leases, which are accounted for outside the scope of ASC 606, and receivables associated with reimbursable costs. 
 Contract assets are comprised of the transaction price allocated to completed performance obligations that will be billed to customers in subsequent periods. The Company has recognized contract liabilities, comprised of unconditional payments due or paid under the contracts with customers prior to the Company s satisfaction of the related performance obligations. 
 Contract assets, net - non-current Total contract assets, net Contract liabilities, net - current Contract liabilities, net - non-current Total contract liabilities, net Revenue recognized in the year from: Amounts included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the year 
 Contract assets are presented net of expected credit losses of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, contract assets was comprised of and 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 of unbilled receivables, respectively, which represent unconditional rights to payment only subject to the passage of time. 
 The Company received prepayments of for future contracted sales during the second and third quarters of 2024, which was recorded as a contract liability. The Company recognized as revenue during the third quarter of 2024 as delivery was completed. The remaining deliveries under these contracts will occur during the fourth quarter of 2024 and through 2025. Contract liabilities decreased in the first quarter of 2024 due to the termination of the Company's contract to support the grid stabilization project in Puerto Rico (Refer to Note 5 - Asset sale). Deferred revenue at the time of termination of was recognized as Operating revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . 
 The Company has recognized costs to fulfill contracts with customers, which primarily consist of expenses required to enhance resources to deliver under agreements with these customers. These costs can include set-up and mobilization costs incurred ahead of the service period, and such costs will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected terms of the agreements. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has capitalized of which of these costs is presented within Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net and is presented within Other non-current assets, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had capitalized , of which of these costs was presented within Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net and was presented within Other non-current assets, net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations 
 Some of the Company s contracts are short-term in nature with a contract term of less than a year. The Company applied the optional exemption not to report any unfulfilled performance obligations related to these contracts. 
 The Company has arrangements in which LNG, natural gas or outputs from the Company s power generation facilities are sold on a take-or-pay basis whereby the customer is obligated to pay for the minimum guaranteed volumes even if it does not take delivery. The price under these agreements is typically based on a market index plus a fixed margin. The fixed transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under these arrangements represents the fixed margin multiplied by the outstanding minimum guaranteed volumes. The Company expects to recognize this revenue over the following time periods. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 For all other sales contracts that have a term exceeding one year, the Company has elected the practical expedient in ASC 606. Under this expedient, the Company does not disclose the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation. For these excluded contracts, the sources of variability are (a) the market index prices of natural gas used to price the contracts, and (b) the variation in volumes that may be delivered to the customer. Both sources of variability are expected to be resolved at or shortly before delivery of each unit of LNG, natural gas, power or steam. As each unit of LNG, natural gas, power or steam represents a separate performance obligation, future volumes are wholly unsatisfied. 
 Lessor arrangements 
 Property, plant and equipment subject to vessel charters accounted for as operating leases is included within Vessels in Note 14. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 and from third-party charters of vessels included in the Energos Formation Transaction. The operating lease income shown below for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes revenue of and , respectively, from third-party charters of vessels included in the Energos Formation Transaction. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating lease income Variable lease income Total operating lease income 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Finance right-of-use-assets (1) 
 Total right-of-use assets Current lease liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Total current lease liabilities Non-current lease liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Total non-current lease liabilities 
 (1) Finance lease ROU assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company terminated the finance lease of certain turbines and purchased the turbines from the lessor. Immediately subsequent to the purchase of the turbines, the assets were sold as part of the sale of assets to PREPA (Refer to Note 5). The termination of the lease resulted in the write-off of the right-of-use asset and lease liability of and , respectively, which was included in the book value of the turbines and the related loss upon sale. 
 During the second quarter of 2024 , the Company terminated the operating lease of turbines. The termination of the lease resulted in the write-off of the right-of-use asset and lease liability of and respectively, and a loss on lease termination of recognized within Other (income) expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Lease cost - Cost of sales Lease cost - Operations and maintenance Lease cost - Selling, general and administrative 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has capitalized and of lease costs, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has capitalized and of lease costs, respectively. Capitalized costs include vessels and port space used during the commissioning of development projects. Short-term lease costs for vessels chartered by the Company to transport inventory from a supplier s facilities to the Company s storage locations are capitalized to inventory. 
 The Company has leases of ISO tanks and a parcel of land that are recognized as finance leases. Amortization of right-of-use asset related to finance leases 
 Financing cash outflows for finance lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: effects of discounting Present value of lease liabilities Current lease liability Non-current lease liability 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases was years and finance leases was years. Because the Company generally does not have access to the rate implicit in the lease, the incremental borrowing rate is utilized as the discount rate. The weighted average discount rate associated with operating leases as of September 30, 2024 was and as of December 31, 2023 was . The weighted average discount rate associated with finance leases as of September 30, 2024 was and as of December 31, 2023 was . 
 
 . These instruments are expected to settle starting in 2024 through the third quarter of 2026. The Company recognized unrealized losses, net of for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and unrealized gains, net of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for these foreign currency contracts. We also recognized realized loss of upon settlement of a portion of the foreign exchange contracts during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Gains or losses on the foreign exchange contracts and other derivative instruments that are not intended to mitigate commodity risk are reported in Other (income) expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . 
 The Company does not hold or issue instruments for speculative purposes, and the counterparties to such contracts are major banking and financial institutions. Credit risk exists to the extent that the counterparties may not meet their contractual responsibilities; however, the Company does not anticipate any inability to perform by any counterparties. 
 Fair value 
 Fair value measurements and disclosures require the use of valuation techniques to measure fair value that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized as follows: 
 Level 1 observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or market corroborated inputs. 
 Level 3 unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data and for which the Company needs to develop its own assumptions about how market participants price the asset or liability. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign exchange contracts Liabilities Foreign exchange contracts Contingent consideration derivative liabilities December 31, 2023 Assets Investment in equity securities Liabilities Contingent consideration derivative liabilities 
 The Company believes the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximated their fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 17 

Table of Contents ) ) ) 

Collateral for letters of credit and performance bonds Total restricted cash 

Automotive diesel oil inventory Bunker fuel, materials, supplies and other Total inventory 
 adjustments were recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company recognized an adjustment to inventory of 
 
 Recoverable taxes Due from affiliates Assets held for sale Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets, net 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 as of December 31, 2023. The Company also recognized a liability of as of December 31, 2023 representing the Company's obligation to pay sub-charter payments until the vessel is chartered directly from Energos. The sub-charter was terminated during the third quarter of 2024, and the Company derecognized both the sub-charter asset and liability. 
 The remaining balance of other current assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 primarily consists of derivative assets recognized for foreign currency exchange contracts (Note 9), deposits and the current portion of contract assets (Note 6). 
 Assets held for sale 
 On June 30, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Miami Facility for , subject to certain purchase price adjustments at close . The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024 subject to customary terms and conditions. The assets related to the Miami Facility have been classified as held for sale as of June 30, 2024. In conjunction with the classification to held for sale, the Company recognized an impairment loss of for three months ended September 30, 2024 and for nine months ended September 30, 2024 within Asset impairment expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . Nonrecurring, Level 2 inputs using a market approach were used to estimate the fair value of the Miami Facility for the purpose of recognizing the impairment. 
 In December 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to sell the vessel, Mazo , for ; the sale closed in the first quarter of 2024, and the vessel was classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 vessels to Energos Infrastructure ("Energos") in exchange for approximately billion in cash and a equity interest in Energos (the Energos Formation Transaction ). The Company's equity investment provided certain rights, including representation on the Energos board of directors, that gave the Company significant influence over the operations of Energos, and as such, the investment was accounted for under the equity method. Energos was also an affiliate, and all transactions with Energos were transactions with an affiliate. 
 
 Capital contribution Sale of equity method investments ) Equity method investments as of September 30, 2024 
 
 . This loss was recognized in Income from equity method investments in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year-ended December 31, 2023 . The sale was completed on February 14, 2024 and the Company received proceeds of , resulting in a loss of presented within Other (income) expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) , which has been recognized within Other non-current assets. Following the disposition of substantially all of the stake in Energos, the Company no longer has significant influence over Energos. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Additions Impact of currency translation adjustment ) Assets placed in service ) Construction in progress as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Interest expense of and , inclusive of amortized debt issuance costs, was capitalized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Recoverable taxes of were capitalized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and represents non-cash addition to Construction in progress. 

Terminal and power plant equipment Power facilities ISO containers and other equipment LNG liquefaction facilities Gas pipelines Land Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 The book value of the vessels that was recognized due to the failed sale leaseback in the Energos Formation Transaction as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. The reduction to terminal and power plant equipment and leasehold improvements reflects the sale of turbines to PREPA (Note 5). 
 Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled and , respectively, of which and , respectively, is included within Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled and , respectively, of which and , respectively, is included within Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . 
 The Company reviews the carrying values of goodwill at least annually to assess impairment since these assets are not amortized. An annual impairment assessment is conducted as of October 1st of each year. Additionally, the Company reviews the carrying value of goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 The Company s common stock price has declined since January 1, 2024. Such decreases did not result in the Company s market capitalization falling below the book value of equity as of September 30, 2024, and management concluded that a triggering event did not occur during the third quarter of 2024. The Company will perform its annual goodwill impairment assessment as of October 1, 2024. 
 
 Intangible assets 
 ) ) Favorable vessel charter contracts ) Permits and development rights ) ) Easements ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Easements ) n/a Total intangible assets ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Currency Translation Adjustment Net Carrying Amount Weighted Average Life Definite-lived intangible assets Favorable vessel charter contracts ) Permits and development rights ) ) Easements ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Easements ) n/a Total intangible assets ) ) 
 Amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Amortization expense is inclusive of reductions in expense for the amortization of unfavorable contract liabilities. 
 In the third quarter of 2023, An Bord Plean la, Ireland's planning commission, denied the Company's application for the development of an LNG terminal and power plant in Shannon, Ireland. We challenged this decision, and in September 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Contract assets, net (Note 6) 
 Investments in equity securities Other Total other non-current assets, net 
 Investments in equity securities i nclude investments without a readily determinable fair value of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company has not recognized any gains or losses in the value of these investments during 2024. The Company recognized unrealized losses of and unrealized gains of on its investments in equity securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively, within Other (income) expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Accrued interest Accrued bonuses Other accrued expenses Total accrued liabilities 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Contract liabilities (Note 6) 
 Income tax payable Due to affiliates Winter sub-charter liability Liabilities held for sale (Note 11) 
 Other current liabilities Total other current liabilities 

Senior Secured Notes, due September 2026 Senior Secured Notes, due March 2029 Vessel Financing Obligation, due August 2042 Term Loan B, due October 2028 Revolving Facility BNDES Term Loan, due October 2045 PortoCem Bridge Loan, due October 2025 Term Loan A, due July 2027 South Power 2029 Bonds, due May 2029 Short-term Borrowings Barcarena Debentures, due October 2028 Turbine Financing, due July 2027 EB-5 Loan, due July 2028 Tugboat Financing, due December 2038 Barcarena Term Loan, due February 2024 Equipment Notes, due July 2026 Total debt Current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt 
 The Company's 2025 Notes mature on September 15, 2025. If any of the 2025 Notes remain outstanding days prior to this maturity date (the "Springing Maturity Date"), the outstanding principal under the Revolving Facility, Term Loan B and Term Loan A (defined below) will become immediately due. The aggregate principal amount of 2025 Notes outstanding as of September 30, 2024 is . 
 On September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the "TSA") with certain holders of the Company s 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, and 2029 Notes. The TSA relates to a series of transactions, among the Company, certain of the Company s direct and indirect subsidiaries and certain holders of the 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the "New Notes") (the transactions described in clause (i), the "Subscription Transactions") and (ii) NFE Financing will issue to the Supporting Holders billion aggregate principal amount of New Notes in a dollar-for-dollar exchange for the Company's 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes (the "Exchange Transactions" and together with the Subscription Transactions, the "Transactions"). The New Notes will be issued in private placements in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company intends to use net proceeds from the Transactions to repay in full the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Company's 2025 Notes and for general corporate purposes. 
 As of November 12, 2024, the date of the issuance of these financial statements, the Transactions have not closed, and there are certain conditions precedent that must be met prior to closing. In the absence of closing the Transactions, the Company s current liquidity and forecasted cash flows from operations are not sufficient to support the repayment of the 2025 Notes, in full, prior to the Springing Maturity Date, and as such, management concluded that substantial doubt exists related to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management expects all conditions precedent to be achieved and the Transactions to close in the coming weeks, which will alleviate the substantial doubt. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in closing the Transactions. 
 Long-term debt is recorded at amortized cost on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the Company's debt was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The Company's debt arrangements also include cross-acceleration clauses whereby events of default under an individual debt agreement can lead to acceleration of principal under other debt arrangements. 
 The terms of the Company's debt instruments have been described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Significant changes to the Company's outstanding debt are described below. 
 2029 Notes 
 In March 2024, the Company issued of senior secured notes in a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act (the 2029 Notes ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year; no principal payments are due until maturity on March 15, 2029. The Company may redeem the 2029 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity, subject to certain make-whole premiums. 
 The 2029 Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by each domestic subsidiary and foreign subsidiary that is a guarantor under the 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes. The 2029 Notes are secured by substantially the same collateral as the first lien obligations under the 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes. The 2029 Notes may limit the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares, make certain payments, and sell or transfer certain assets subject to certain conditions and qualifications. The 2029 Notes also provide for customary events of default and prepayment provisions. 
 In connection with the offering of the 2029 Notes, we completed a cash tender offer to repurchase of the outstanding 2025 Notes, for an aggregate repurchase price of . The tender offer was closed and the partial repurchase of the 2025 Notes was completed in the first quarter of 2024. The premium over the repurchase price of was recognized as Loss on extinguishment of debt, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2029 Notes, the Company incurred in origination, structuring and other fees, which was deferred as a reduction of the principal balance of the 2029 Notes on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2024, total remaining unamortized deferred financing costs for the 2029 Notes was . 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 senior secured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Facility"). Through December 31, 2023, the Revolving Facility had been amended to increase the borrowing capacity to . In May 2024, the Company entered into an amendment which increased the borrowing capacity by , for a total capacity of . The amendment did not impact the interest rate or term of the Revolving Facility, and no deferred costs were written off. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company drew the additional capacity on the Revolving Facility and was outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 The borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest at a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") based rate plus a margin based upon usage of the Revolving Facility. The Revolving Facility matures upon the earliest to the occur of April 15, 2026 or 60 days prior to the maturity of the 2025 Notes, if the 2025 Notes have not been redeemed or refinanced in full. The Company may request to extend the maturity date once in a increment. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility may be prepaid, at the option of the Company, at any time without premium. 
 BNDES Term Loan 
 The owner of the Company's power plant under construction in Par , Brazil (the "Barcarena Power Plant") entered into a credit agreement with BNDES, the Brazilian Development Bank (the "BNDES Credit Agreement"). The Company is able to borrow up to under the BNDES Credit Agreement, segregated into tranches based on the use of proceeds ("BNDES Term Loan"). In the first quarter of 2024, the Company borrowed under the BNDES Credit Agreement. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company borrowed under the BNDES Credit Agreement. Each tranche bears a different rate of interest ranging from to plus the fixed rate announced by BNDES. No principal payments are required until April 2026 and are due quarterly thereafter until maturity in 2045. Interest payments prior to April 2026 are made through an increase in the outstanding principal amount and are due quarterly thereafter. 
 The obligations under the BNDES Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain indirect Brazilian subsidiaries that are constructing the Barcarena Power Plant, and are secured by the Barcarena Power Plant and receivables under the Barcarena Power Plant's power purchase agreements. These Brazilian subsidiaries must adhere to customary affirmative and negative covenants, and the BNDES Credit Agreement also provides for customary events of default, prepayment and cure provisions. 
 Proceeds received were used to repay the existing Barcarena Term Loan (defined in the Annual Report) and to pay for all remaining expected construction costs through the planned completion of the Barcarena Power Plant in 2025. In February 2024, the Company repaid the full outstanding principal balance of the Barcarena Term Loan, fully extinguishing the obligation. No material loss on extinguishment was recognized in conjunction with this repayment. 
 PortoCem Financings 
 As part of the PortoCem Acquisition, the Company assumed a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of R million based on rates in effect on the acquisition date) due December 2024, bearing interest at a rate equal to the one-day interbank deposit rate in Brazil plus (the PortoCem BTG Loan ). Lenders under the PortoCem BTG Loan waived acceleration requirements in the event of a change in control in conjunction with the PortoCem Acquisition, and repayment of the PortoCem BTG Loan was required upon the earlier of PortoCem obtaining additional financing or the original maturity date of December 2024. 
 In April 2024, PortoCem and a syndicate of banks in Brazil entered into a commitment letter for R billion of financing. PortoCem received funding under a short term credit note of R million ("PortoCem Credit Note") from this syndicate that was due in July 2024, and a portion of the proceeds was used to repay the PortoCem BTG Loan. 
 In May 2024, the PortoCem Credit Note was replaced by a bridge financing agreement that allows PortoCem to borrow up to R billion due in October 2025 ("PortoCem Bridge Loan"). PortoCem initially borrowed R billion based on rates in effect at September 30, 2024 ), and this initial funding was used to repay the PortoCem Credit Note and to begin the development and construction of a power plant to deliver under the capacity reserve contracts acquired in the 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 , and no principal payments are required until maturity in October 2025. 
 The PortoCem Bridge Loan contains usual and customary representations and warranties, and usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants. The PortoCem Bridge Loan does not contain any restrictive financial covenants. 
 Through September 30, 2024, the Company has incurred in origination, structuring and other fees in connection with the entry into the PortoCem Credit Note and the PortoCem Bridge Loan. The lender in the PortoCem BTG Loan is also participating in the syndicate of lenders in the PortoCem Credit Note and the PortoCem Bridge Loan, and the repayment of the PortoCem BTG Loan and the PortoCem Credit Note was treated as a modification. The additional third-party fees associated with the PortoCem Bridge Loan of were recognized as expense. As of September 30, 2024, total remaining unamortized deferred financing costs for the PortoCem Bridge Loan was . 
 Term Loan A 
 In July 2024, the Company entered into a credit agreement ("Term Loan A Credit Agreement") for a senior secured, multiple draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to ("Term Loan A"). Proceeds will be used to pay costs of the construction and development of the Company's onshore FLNG project in Altamira (the Altamira Onshore Project ). The initial and subsequent funding of the Term Loan A are subject to certain conditions, including the condition to the initial funding that initial generation of LNG from the offshore FLNG facility at Altamira ("FLNG1 Project") had been achieved. Such condition was satisfied and initial funding occurred in the third quarter of 2024. The remaining commitments for subsequent funding expire on the earliest of June 30, 2026, the date of completion of the Onshore Altamira Project (the Completion Date and the date that the commitments are reduced to zero or terminated. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company drew on the Term Loan A. 
 The obligations under the Term Loan A Credit Agreement are guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured basis by each subsidiary that is a guarantor under the 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2029 Notes, the Company s Revolving Facility, the Company s letter of credit facility (the Letter of Credit Facility and the Company s Term Loan B, other than the guarantors comprising the FLNG1 Project (who guarantee the Revolving Facility, the Letter of Credit Facility, and the Term Loan B). The obligations under the Term Loan A Credit Agreement are secured by substantially the same collateral as the collateral securing such facilities, with the exception of the collateral comprising the FLNG1 Project (which secures the Revolving Facility, the Letter of Credit Facility, and the Term Loan B). Additionally, the Term Loan A is guaranteed by the entities, and secured by the assets, comprising the Onshore Altamira Project. An equal priority intercreditor agreement governs the treatment of the collateral. 
 The Term Loan A will mature in July 2027 and is payable in full on maturity date. In the event that the Company s existing 2025 Notes or 2026 Notes are not refinanced or repaid at least days prior to their respective maturities, amounts outstanding under the Term Loan A will become due and payable on such date. The Company may prepay the Term Loan A at its option without premium or penalty at any time subject to customary break funding costs. The Company is required to prepay the Term Loan A with the net proceeds of certain asset sales, condemnations, debt and convertible securities issuances, and extraordinary receipts related to the Onshore Altamira Project. Additionally, commencing with the first fiscal quarter after the Completion Date, the Company will be required to prepay the Term Loan A with the Onshore Altamira Project s Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Term Loan A Credit Agreement). 
 The Term Loan A will bear interest at a per annum rate equal to Term SOFR plus , or at a base rate plus . The interest rate on the Term Loan A will increase by every days beginning on June 30, 2025. 
 The Term Loan A Credit Agreement contains usual and customary representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants for financings of this type, including certain representations and warranties related to the Onshore Altamira Project. The Term Loan A Credit Agreement includes certain other covenants related solely to the Onshore Altamira Project, including limitations on capital expenditures, restrictions on additional accounts, and restrictions on amendments or termination of certain material documents related to the Onshore Altamira Project. The Company must also comply with certain financial covenants. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Term Loan A, the Company incurred in origination, structuring and other fees, which was deferred as a reduction of the principal balance of the Term Loan A on the Condensed Consolidated 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Turbine Financing 
 In May 2024, the Company executed a loan agreement with a lender to borrow under a promissory note secured by certain turbines owned by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Turbine Financing ). The Turbine Financing bears interest at , and the principal is partially repayable in monthly installments over the 36-month term of the loan with the balance due upon maturity in June 2027. 
 The Turbine Financing contains usual and customary representations and warranties, and usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants. The Turbine Financing does not contain any restrictive financial covenants. The Company was required to pay a deposit of approximately that will be held by the lender throughout the term of the borrowing. 
 Proceeds received were net of upfront fees due to the lender, and through September 30, 2024, the Company has incurred in origination, structuring and other fees, associated with entry into the Turbine Financing. As of September 30, 2024, total remaining unamortized deferred financing costs for the Turbine Financing was . 
 EB-5 Loan Agreement 
 On July 21, 2023, the Company entered into a loan agreement under the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services EB-5 Program EB-5 Loan Agreement to pay for the development and construction of a new green hydrogen facility in Texas. The maximum aggregate principal amount available under the EB-5 Loan Agreement is , and outstanding borrowings bear interest at a fixed rate of . The loan matures years from the initial advance with an option to extend the maturity by periods. It is expected that the loan will be secured by the Company's green hydrogen facility, and the Company has provided a guarantee of the obligations under the EB-5 Loan Agreement. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an additional was funded under the EB-5 Loan Agreement. 
 Equipment Notes 
 In conjunction with the execution of the APA to sell certain turbines to PREPA in March 2024 (Note 5), the Company repaid the Equipment Notes in full, releasing any liens held on the turbines prior to their sale. The balance outstanding as of the repayment date was , and the Company incurred a prepayment premium of . The prepayment premium and any unamortized financing costs of were recognized as Loss on extinguishment of debt, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 On August 31, 2024, we entered into amendments of certain debt agreements that amend and restate the conditions applicable to the suspension of the maximum Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio for the quarterly covenant tests conducted as of the last day of the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. The amended agreements also contain a financial covenant that requires a minimum consolidated liquidity of (i) million as of the last day of each month, commencing as of October 31, 2024 and (ii) million as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, commencing as of December 31, 2024. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest and related amortization of debt issuance costs, premiums and discounts recognized during major development and construction projects are capitalized and included in the cost of the project. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense on Vessel Financing Obligation Amortization of debt issuance costs, premiums and discounts Interest expense incurred on finance lease obligations Total interest costs Capitalized interest Total interest expense 
 Interest expense on the Vessel Financing Obligation includes non-cash expense of and f or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to payments received by Energos from third-party charterers. 
 
 compared to for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The total tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was compared to a provision of for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was compared to for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The total tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was compared to for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The Company's effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the Company's statutory tax rate and the prior periods primarily due to pretax losses in the US and certain foreign jurisdictions, and from establishment of additional valuation allowance in the US and foreign entities. The reversal of net deferred tax assets in these foreign entities is not expected to be realizable. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Series A convertible preferred stock cumulative dividend ) ) Net income attributable to Class A common stock ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares - basic Net income per share - basic ) Diluted Numerator: Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Series A convertible preferred stock cumulative dividend ) ) Adjustments attributable to dilutive securities ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Class A common stock ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares - diluted Net income per share - diluted ) 
 Series A convertible preferred stock (1) 
 Equity Agreement shares (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Represents the weighted average number of potentially dilutive shares if the Series A convertible preferred stock was converted on the issuance date. 

During the third quarter of 2024, the Company declared a dividend of , representing per Class A share; this dividend had not been paid as of September 30, 2024. The Company declared and paid dividends of during the 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 per Class A share. The Company paid dividends of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, representing per Class A share. 
 During each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company paid dividends of to holders of Golar LNG Partners LP's Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units GMLP Series A Preferred Units ). During each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company paid dividends of to holders of the GMLP Series A Preferred Units. As these equity interests have been issued by one of the Company s consolidated subsidiaries, the value of the GMLP Series A Preferred Units is recognized as non-controlling interest in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 During the second quarter of 2023, one of the Company's majority owned consolidated subsidiaries paid a dividend to all shareholders, and the dividend of paid to the non-controlling shareholders has been recognized as non-controlling interest in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company paid dividends on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Upon the sale of the vessel Mazo (Refer to Note 11), one of the Company's non-wholly owned subsidiaries paid a dividend using proceeds from the sale. The dividend of paid to the other shareholder in this subsidiary was recognized as a reduction to non-controlling interest during the first quarter of 2024. 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested RSUs as of September 30, 2024 
 The non-vested RSUs vest over periods from to approximately following the grant date. The weighted-average remaining vesting period of non-vested RSUs totaled years as of September 30, 2024. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company granted an equity award to certain employees that will settle in shares of a subsidiary owning the Company's Brazilian operations. The grant date fair value of this award was , and the award contains a service condition that will vest in annual increments through March 31, 2027 . Compensation expense of 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 associated with this award is included in the table below. 
 Selling, general and administrative Total share-based compensation expense 
 and , respectively, for forfeited RSU awards. The Company recognizes the income tax benefits resulting from vesting of RSUs in the period of vesting, to the extent the compensation expense has been recognized. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized compensation costs from non-vested RSUs was , and unrecognized compensation costs for other equity awards that will settle in shares of a subsidiary owning the Company's Brazilian operations was 
 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and totaled expenses of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Costs associated with the Administrative Agreement are included within Selling, general and administrative in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were due to Fortress, respectively. 
 In addition to administrative services, Mr. Edens owns an aircraft that the Company charters from a third party operator for business purposes in the ordinary course of operations. The Company incurred, at market rates, charter costs of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and was due, respectively. 
 Fortress affiliated entities 
 The Company provides certain administrative services to related parties including entities affiliated with Fortress. No costs are incurred for such administrative services by the Company as the Company is fully reimbursed for all costs incurred. The Company has subleased a portion of office space to affiliates of entities managed by Fortress, and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and of rent and office related expenses were incurred by these affiliates, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and of rent and office related expenses were incurred by these affiliates, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were due from affiliates, respectively. 
 Additionally, an entity formerly affiliated with Fortress and currently owned by Messrs. Edens and Nardone provides certain administrative services to the Company, as well as providing office space under a month-to-month non-exclusive license agreement. The Company incurred rent and administrative expenses of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In May 2024, this affiliate assigned the office lease to the Company, and after this point, the Company no 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 and were d ue to Fortress affiliated entities, respectively. 
 Land leases 
 The Co mpany has leased land from Florida East Coast Industries, LLC FECI ), which is controlled by funds managed by an affiliate of Fortress. The Company recognized expense related to the land lease of and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was included within Operations and maintenance in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . The Company has amounts due to FECI of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has recorded a lease liability of and , respectively, for the Company's Miami facility which, after June 30, 2024, has been classified as liabilities held for sale on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In September 2023, the Company entered into a lease agreement to lease land from Jefferson Terminal South LLC, which is an indirect, majority-owned subsidiary of a public company which is managed by an affiliate of Fortress. The Company recognized expense related to the land lease of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was included within Operations and maintenance in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . The Company has amounts due to Jefferson Terminal of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded a right-of-use asset of and a lease liability of on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023, the Company recorded a right-of-use asset of and a lease liability of on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 DevTech investment 
 interest in a consolidated subsidiary. The interest was reflected as non-controlling interest in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company recognized and in expense within Selling, general and administrative for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and in expense within Selling, general and administrative for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were due to DevTech, respectively. 
 
 reportable segments: Terminals and Infrastructure and Ships: 
 Terminals and Infrastructure includes the Company s vertically integrated gas to power solutions, spanning the entire production and delivery chain from natural gas procurement and liquefaction to logistics, shipping, facilities and conversion or development of natural gas-fired power generation. Vessels that are utilized in the Company s terminal or logistics operations are included in this segment. 
 The Terminal and Infrastructure segment includes realized gains and losses from the settlement of derivative transactions entered into as economic hedges to reduce market risks associated with commodity prices. 
 Ships includes vessels that are leased to customers under long-term arrangements, and as of September 30, 2024, vessels are included in this segment. The Company s investment in Energos was also included in the Ships segment prior to the disposition of this investment in the first quarter of 2024. Ships Operating Margin also included the Company's effective share of revenue, expenses and operating margin attributable to ownership of the common units of Hilli LLC prior to the disposition of this investment in the first quarter of 2023. 
 The CODM uses Segment Operating Margin to evaluate the performance of the segments and allocate resources. Segment Operating Margin is defined as the segment s revenue less cost of sales less operations and maintenance less vessel operating expenses, excluding unrealized gains or losses to financial instruments recognized at fair value. The CODM includes deferred earnings from contracted sales for which a prepayment was received in the current period in the segment measure. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales Vessel operating expenses Operations and maintenance Deferred earnings from contracted sales (5) 
 ) Segment Operating Margin ) Balance sheet: Total assets Other segmental financial information: Capital expenditures (2) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands of Terminals and Infrastructure Ships Total Segment Consolidation 
 and Other (4) 
 Consolidated Statement of operations: Total revenues Cost of sales Vessel operating expenses Operations and maintenance Deferred earnings from contracted sales (5) 
 ) Segment Operating Margin ) Balance sheet: Total assets Other segmental financial information: Capital expenditures (2) 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales (1) (3) 
 ) Vessel operating expenses Operations and maintenance Segment Operating Margin Balance sheet: Total assets Other segmental financial information: Capital expenditures (2) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands of Terminals and Infrastructure Ships Total Segment Consolidation 
 and Other (4) 
 Consolidated Statement of operations: Total revenues ) Cost of sales (1) (3) 
 Vessel operating expenses ) Operations and maintenance Segment Operating Margin ) Balance sheet: Total assets Other segmental financial information: Capital expenditures (2) 
 
 (1) Cost of sales in the Company s segment measu re only includes realized gains and losses on derivative transactions that are an economic hedge of commodity purchases and sales, and realized losses of and realized gains of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, were recognized within Cost of sales in the segment measure. There were commodity swap transactions in 2024. 
 
 The Company recognized unrealized gains of and unrealized losses of on the mark-to-market value of derivative transactions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and these gains and losses reconcile Cost of sales in the segment measure to Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 The Company has excluded contract acquisition costs that do not meet the criteria for capitalization from the segment measure. Contract acquisition costs of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, reconcile Cost of sales in the segment measure to Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). There were contract acquisition costs incurred in 2024. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 (Note 6); a portion of these deferred earnings of were recognized upon delivery during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 In 2023, the effective share of revenues, expenses and operating margin attributable to the Company's ownership of the common units of Hilli LLC in the segment measure prior to the disposition of this investment, as well as unrealized mark-to-market gain or loss on derivative instruments, are also removed. 
 (5) Deferred earnings from contracted sales represent forward sales transactions that were contracted in the current period and prepayment for these sales was received. Revenue will be recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) when delivery under these forward sales transactions is completed from the fourth quarter of 2024 through 2025. 
 Consolidated Segment Operating Margin is defined as net income, adjusted for selling, general and administrative expenses, transaction and integration costs, depreciation and amortization, asset impairment expense, loss on sale of assets, interest expense, other (income) expense, net, loss on extinguishment of debt, net, tax provision and income from equity method investments. 
 ) Add: Selling, general and administrative Transaction and integration costs Depreciation and amortization Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) Asset impairment expense Loss on sale of assets, net Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Tax provision (Income) from equity method investments ) ) Consolidated Segment Operating Margin 

shares of the Company's Class A common stock, par value per share, at a purchase price to the public of per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions, in a registered public offering (the "Equity Offering"). The Company's chief executive officer, Wesley R. Edens, agreed to purchase shares at the public offering price per share and on the same terms as the other purchasers in the Equity Offering. The Equity Offering closed on October 2, 2024. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 millions after underwriters' discounts and commissions and the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 Exchange and Subscription Agreement 
 On November 6, 2024, the Company entered into the Exchange and Subscription Agreement with the Supporting Holders to implement the transactions described in the TSA (Refer to Note 19 - Debt). Pursuant to the Exchange and Subscription Agreement, NFE Financing will issue an aggregate principal amount of billion in New Notes pursuant to the Transactions. Net proceeds from the Transactions will be used to repay in full the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Company's 2025 Notes, exchange a portion of the existing 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes, and for general corporate purposes. The New Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture (the "New Notes Indenture"). Refer to Note 19 - Debt for further information on the Exchange and Subscription Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the Exchange and Subscription Agreement, the Supporting Holders may elect to receive a commitment fee equal to either (i) of the aggregate principal amount of such Supporting Holder s New Notes, payable in shares of Class A common stock of the Company, at a price of per share (the "Commitment Fee Shares"), (ii) of the aggregate principal amount of such Supporting Holder s New Notes, payable in kind in the form of additional New Notes (the "Commitment Fee Notes"), or (iii) a combination of the foregoing. To the extent any Supporting Holder elects to receive Commitment Fee Notes, the equivalent value in Commitment Fee Shares will be ratably reallocated amongst the other Supporting Holders to ensure that the Supporting Holders will in any case receive of the total amount of New Notes payable in Commitment Fee Shares. In the event any Supporting Holder elects to receive the Commitment Fee Shares, such Supporting Holder will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Company, pursuant to which such Supporting Holder is entitled to certain registration rights and subject to certain lock-up restrictions. Any Supporting Holders may not, subject to customary exceptions, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of the Commitment Fee Shares for a period of six months from the date of the Registration Rights Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 New Notes Indenture 
 The New Notes will be issued by NFE Financing, bearing interest at a per annum rate of and interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2025. The New Notes will mature on November 15, 2029 and are payable in full on maturity date. NFE Financing may redeem the New Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity, subject to certain prepayment premiums. NFE Financing is required to prepay the New Notes, subject to repurchase premiums, upon occurrence of change of control events and other specified prepayment events. Additionally, the New Notes will be subject to a par repurchase offer in connection with any Pass Through Prepayment Event (defined as any prepayment made under the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement or the Series II Credit Agreement (each, as defined below)). 
 The New Notes will be guaranteed on a senior secured basis by NFE Financing s wholly-owned subsidiary, Bradford County Real Estate Partners LLC ("New Notes Guarantor"), which owns the Company's land in Wyalusing, Pennsylvania. The New Notes will be secured by first-priority liens on (a) all assets of NFE Financing, including the promissory note evidencing indebtedness under the Series II Credit Agreement (as defined below), the promissory note evidencing indebtedness under the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement (as defined below), approximately of the equity in NFE Brazil Holdings Limited ("NFE Brazil Holdings"), which owns the Company s Brazil business, and of the equity in the New Notes Guarantor and (b) all assets of the New Notes Guarantor. 
 In connection with NFE Financing s issuance of the New Notes, NFE will: (i) enter into approximately billion Series II Credit Agreement (as defined below) with NFE Financing, (ii) enter into an approximately million Series I Credit Agreement (as defined below) with NFE Brazil Investments LLC Brazil Parent ), an indirectly owned, restricted subsidiary of the Company and the direct parent of NFE Financing, and (iii) further cause Brazil Parent to enter into an approximately million Brazil Parent Credit Agreement (as defined below) with NFE Financing. 
 Intercompany loans 
 Brazil Parent Credit Agreement 
 NFE Financing and Brazil Parent will enter into a credit agreement (the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement ), whereby NFE Financing will provide a term loan of approximately million (the Brazil Parent Term Loan to Brazil Parent, which 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 million (the Series I Term Loan ). 
 The Company intends to use proceeds to repay in full the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Company s 2025 Notes and consummate a portion of the Exchange Transactions. 
 Series II Credit Agreement 
 NFE and NFE Financing will enter into a term loan credit agreement Series II Credit Agreement ), under which NFE Financing will provide NFE a senior secured term loan in an aggregate principal amount of approximately billion (the Series II Term Loan ). The proceeds will be used by the Company to consummate the Exchange Transactions. 
 Both Series I and Series II Term Loan will mature in November 2029 and will be payable in full on the maturity date. The obligations under both the Series I Credit Agreement and Series II Credit Agreement will be guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured basis by each subsidiary that is a guarantor under the 2026 Notes and the 2029 Notes. The obligations under the Series I and Series II Credit Agreement will be secured by substantially the same collateral that currently secures the 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes. An equal priority intercreditor agreement will govern the treatment of the collateral. 
 The Company may redeem the Series I and Series II Term Loan, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity, subject to certain make-whole premiums. In addition, the Company will be required to prepay the Series I and Series II Term Loan upon the occurrence of any change of control (as defined in the New Notes Indenture and the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement), and with the net proceeds of certain asset sales, condemnations and debt and convertible securities issuances. 
 Both Series I and Series II Credit Agreement are expected to contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, subject to certain thresholds and grace periods, typical for financings of this type. 
 Credit Agreement Amendments 
 On November 6, 2024, the Company entered into the Ninth Amendment to its Revolving Credit Agreement (the Ninth Amendment ), which extends the maturity date of the Revolving Facility for consenting lenders from April 15, 2026 to October 15, 2027, subject to certain events that would cause the maturity to spring to an earlier date as described in the Ninth Amendment. 
 On November 6, 2024, the Company entered into the Fifth Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement (the Fifth Amendment , and together with the Ninth Amendment, the Amendments ). The Amendments, among other things, modify the definition of Excluded Assets and exclude certain assets of the Company s Brazil business from the definition of Excluded Assets. The Amended Credit Agreements also amend the financial covenant that tests the consolidated first lien debt ratio. The consolidated first lien debt ratio cannot exceed (i) to 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2025 through June 30, 2025, (ii) to 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2025 through December 31, 2025, (iii) to 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2026 through June 30, 2026, and (iv) to 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2026 and each fiscal quarter thereafter. The Amended Credit Agreements also add a fixed charge coverage ratio test. Commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025, the Company cannot permit the fixed charge coverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to fixed charges) for the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to be less than to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 to 1.00. Additionally, the Amendments modify how consolidated EBITDA is calculated to more closely align with the calculations in certain of the Company's existing term loan facilities and also remove the Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio. 
 Lumina Note Purchase Agreement 
 million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the NFE Brazil Notes at a purchase price of of the principal amount. The obligations under the NFE Brazil Notes will be guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of NFE Brazil, and NFE Brazil, its subsidiary guarantors and certain of its other subsidiaries will grant security interests in certain of their assets to secure the NFE Brazil Notes. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Certain information contained in the following discussion and analysis, including information with respect to our plans, strategy, projections and expected timeline for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are estimates based upon current information and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors. 
 You should read Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report and under similar headings in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). This information is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our past performance and our current financial condition and is not necessarily indicative of our future performance. Please refer to Factors Impacting Comparability of Our Financial Results for further discussion. Unless otherwise indicated, dollar amounts are presented in millions. 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, references to Company, NFE, we, our, us or like terms refer to New Fortress Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a global energy infrastructure company founded to help address energy poverty and accelerate the world s transition to reliable, affordable and clean energy. We own and operate natural gas and liquefied natural gas ("LNG") infrastructure, and an integrated fleet of ships and logistics assets to rapidly deliver turnkey energy solutions to global markets; additionally, we have expanded our focus to building our modular LNG manufacturing business. Our near-term mission is to provide modern infrastructure solutions to create cleaner, reliable energy while generating a positive economic impact worldwide. Our long-term mission is to become one of the world s leading companies providing power free from carbon emissions by leveraging our global portfolio of integrated energy infrastructure. We discuss this important goal in more detail in our Annual Report, Items 1 and 2: Business and Properties under Sustainability Toward a Very-Low Carbon Future. 
 Our chief operating decision maker makes resource allocation decisions and assesses performance on the basis of two operating segments, Terminals and Infrastructure and Ships. 
 Our Terminals and Infrastructure segment includes the entire production and delivery chain from natural gas procurement and liquefaction to logistics, shipping, facilities and conversion or development of natural gas-fired power generation. We currently source LNG from long-term supply agreements with third-party suppliers and from our own liquefaction facility in Miami, Florida. We expect to begin to source a portion of our LNG from our modular floating liquefaction facilities, which we refer to as "Fast LNG" or "FLNG." Our first FLNG facility began producing LNG in July 2024. The first full cargo was loaded onto the Energos Princess vessel and set sail for Europe on September 30, 2024. Following the anticipated sale of our Miami Facility, we expect to continue sourcing LNG from third parties and for a portion of our supply to be generated by our first FLNG unit. The Terminals and Infrastructure segment includes all terminal operations in Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Mexico and Brazil, as well as vessels utilized in our terminal or logistics operations. We centrally manage our LNG supply and the deployment of our vessels utilized in our terminal or logistics operations, which allows us to optimally manage our LNG supply and fleet. 
 Our Ships segment includes all vessels which are leased to customers under long-term arrangements. Over time, we expect to utilize these vessels in our own terminal operations as charter agreements for these vessels expire. 
 
 Our Current Operations Terminals and Infrastructure 
 Our management team has successfully employed our strategy to secure long-term contracts with significant customers, including Jamaica Public Service Company Limited JPS ), the sole public utility in Jamaica, South Jamaica 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Power Company Limited SJPC ), an affiliate of JPS, Jamalco, a bauxite mining and alumina producer in Jamaica, the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority PREPA ), and Comisi n Federal de Electricidad CFE ), Mexico s power utility, each of which is described in more detail below. Our assets built to service these significant customers have been designed with capacity to service other customers. 
 Montego Bay Facility 
 The Montego Bay Facility serves as our supply hub for the north side of Jamaica, providing natural gas to JPS to fuel the 145MW Bogue power plant in Montego Bay, Jamaica ("Bogue Power Plant"). Our Montego Bay Facility commenced commercial operations in October 2016 and is capable of processing up to 60,000 MMBtu of LNG per day and features approximately 7,000 cubic meters of onsite storage. The Montego Bay Facility also consists of an ISO loading facility that can transport LNG to numerous on-island industrial users. 
 Old Harbour Facility 
 The Old Harbour Facility is an offshore facility consisting of an FSRU that is capable of processing up to 750,000 MMBtus of LNG per day. The Old Harbour Facility commenced commercial operations in June 2019 and supplies natural gas to the 190MW Old Harbour power plant Old Harbour Power Plant operated by SJPC. The Old Harbour Facility is also supplying natural gas to our dual-fired combined heat and power facility in Clarendon, Jamaica CHP Plant ). The CHP Plant supplies electricity to JPS under a long-term agreement. The CHP Plant also provides steam to Jamalco under a long-term take-or-pay agreement. The Old Harbour Facility also supplies gas directly to Jamalco to utilize in their gas-fired boilers. 
 San Juan Facility 
 Our San Juan Facility became fully operational in the third quarter of 2020. It is designed as a landed micro-fuel handling facility located in the Port of San Juan, Puerto Rico. The San Juan Facility has multiple truck loading bays to provide LNG to on-island industrial users. The San Juan Facility is near the PREPA San Juan Power Plant and serves as our supply hub for the PREPA San Juan Power Plant, industrial end-user customers in Puerto Rico, and after being awarded a new gas sale agreement in the first quarter of 2024, PREPA's gas-fired power plants throughout the island of Puerto Rico. 
 In the first and second quarters of 2023, we entered into agreements for the installation and operation of approximately 350MW of additional power to be generated at the Palo Seco Power Plant and San Juan Power Plant in Puerto Rico as well as the supply of natural gas. Our customer was contracted by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to support the island s grid stabilization project with additional power capacity to enable maintenance and repair work on Puerto Rico s power system and grid. We commissioned 150MW of duel-fuel power generation using our gas supply in the second quarter of 2023, and the remaining 200MW was commissioned in September 2023. 
 In March 2024, o ur contract to provide emergency power services to support the grid stabilization project was terminated. We are pursuing a 659 million request for equitable adjustment related to the early termination of our contract. The actual amount of any such adjustment and the timing of any related payments may be materially different than management s current estimate. As a result, the Company cannot offer any assurance as to the actual amount that may be recovered pursuant to such request or subsequent claim, if any. As the outcome of this process is uncertain, we have not recognized any revenue associated with the close out of our contract. 
 In March 2024, we completed a series of transactions that included the sale of turbines and related equipment deployed to support the grid stabilization project to PREPA under an Asset Purchase Agreement ("APA"). The purchase price was 306.6 million, and the APA includes an option for PREPA to purchase three additional turbines for additional purchase price of 65.7 million. We recognized a loss of 77.5 million in Loss on sale of assets, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 In the first quarter of 2024, we were also awarded a new gas sale agreement with PREPA to supply up to 80 TBtu annually to PREPA's gas-fired power plants, including to the turbines that were sold pursuant to the APA. The contract initially has a one year term that is renewable annually for three additional annual periods. 
 In the first quarter of 2023, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Genera PR LLC ("Genera"), was awarded a 10-Year contract for the operation and maintenance of PREPA s thermal generation assets with the goal of reducing costs and 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 improving reliability of power generation in Puerto Rico. We receive an annual management fee and are eligible for performance-based incentive fees. The service period under the contract commenced on July 1, 2023. 
 La Paz Facility 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we began commercial operations at the Port of Pichilingue in Baja California Sur, Mexico (the La Paz Facility ). The La Paz Facility also supplies our gas-fired power units located adjacent to the La Paz Facility (the La Paz Power Plant and could have a maximum capacity of up to 135MW of power. We placed the La Paz Power Plant into service in the third quarter of 2023. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we finalized short-form agreements with CFE to expand and extend our supply of natural gas to multiple CFE power generation facilities in Baja California Sur and to sell the La Paz Power Plant to CFE. In the third quarter of 2024, we executed a 10-year gas sales agreement to supply natural gas to additional CFE facilities on take-or-pay basis. 
 Miami Facility 
 Our Miami Facility began operations in April 2016. This facility has liquefaction capacity of approximately 8,300 MMBtu of LNG per day and enables us to produce LNG for sales directly to industrial end-users in southern Florida, including Florida East Coast Railway via our train loading facility, and other customers throughout the Caribbean using ISO containers. On June 30, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Miami Facility for 62 million. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024 subject to customary terms and conditions. 
 Our LNG Supply and Cargo Sales 
 NFE provides reliable, affordable and clean energy supplies to customers around the world that we plan to satisfy through the following sources: 1) our current contractual supply commitments; 2) additional LNG supply contracts expected to commence in 2027; and 3) supply from our own Fast LNG production. We have secured commitments to purchase and receive physical delivery of LNG volumes for 100 of our expected committed volumes for each of our downstream terminals inclusive of our Montego Bay Facility, Old Harbour Facility, San Juan Facility, La Paz Facility, Puerto Sandino Facility, Barcarena Facility and Santa Catarina Facility. Additionally, we have binding contracts for LNG volumes from two separate U.S. LNG facilities, each with a 20-year term, which are expected to commence in 2027. Finally, we plan to source production from our own Fast LNG facilities, the first of which began to produce LNG in July 2024 . We sold the first full cargo from this facility on September 30, 2024. We plan to expand that capacity when additional Fast LNG units come online. 
 Natural gas and LNG markets have experienced unprecedented price volatility in recent years. The majority of our LNG supply contracts are based on a natural gas-based index, Henry Hub, plus a contractual spread. We limit our exposure to fluctuations in natural gas prices as our pricing in contracts with customers is largely based on the Henry Hub index price plus a fixed fee component. Additionally, with our own Fast LNG production, we plan to further mitigate our exposure to variability in LNG prices. In 2022 and 2023, our revenue and results of operations benefited from selling cargos into the global LNG market. As FLNG facilities commence production, our long-term strategy is to sell substantially all cargos produced to customers on a long-term, take-or-pay basis through our downstream terminals. 
 
 Our Current Operations Ships 
 Our Ships segment includes Floating Storage and Regasification Units ("FSRUs"), Floating Storage Units ("FSUs") and LNG carriers ("LNGCs"), which are leased to customers under long-term arrangements. At the expiration of third party charters of vessels owned by Energos Infrastructure Energos ), an entity formed in 2022 and described in more detail below, we plan to charter these vessels for our own operational purposes. The results of operations of vessels utilized in our terminal operations are reflected in the Terminals and Infrastructure segment. 
 In August 2022, we completed a transaction (the Energos Formation Transaction with an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, Inc., pursuant to which we transferred ownership of eleven vessels to Energos in exchange for approximately 1.85 billion in cash and a 20 equity interest in Energos. Ten of the vessels were subject to current or future charters with NFE and one vessel (the Nanook was not subject to a future NFE charter. The in-place and future charters to NFE of ten vessels prevent the recognition of the sale of those vessels to Energos, and the proceeds associated with these vessels have been treated as a failed sale leaseback. As a result, these ten vessels continue to be recognized on our Consolidated Balance 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Sheet as Property, plant and equipment, and the proceeds are recognized as debt. Consistent with this treatment as a failed sale leaseback, (i) the third party charter revenues continue to be recognized by us as Vessel charter revenue; (ii) the costs of operating the vessels is included in Vessel operating expenses for the remaining terms of the third-party charters and (iii) such revenues are included as part of debt service for the sale leaseback financing debt and are included in additional financing costs within Interest expense, net. In February 2024, we sold substantially all of our stake in Energos. 
 
 Our Development Projects 
 Our projects currently under development include our development of a series of modular liquefaction facilities to provide a source of low-cost supply of LNG to customers around the world through our Fast LNG technologies; our LNG terminal facility and power plant in Puerto Sandino, Nicaragua Puerto Sandino Facility our LNG terminal Barcarena Facility and power plants Barcarena Power Plant and "PortoCem Power Plant") located in Par , Brazil; our LNG terminal located on the southern coast of Brazil ("Santa Catarina Terminal"); our LNG terminal Ireland Facility and power plant in Ireland, our first green hydrogen project ("ZeroPark I") and Klondike Digital Infrastructure, our newly-launched power and data center infrastructure business ("Klondike"). We are also in active discussions to develop projects in multiple regions around the world that may have significant demand for additional power, LNG and natural gas, although there can be no assurance that these discussions will result in additional contracts or that we will be able to achieve our target revenue or results of operations. 
 The design, development, construction and operation of our projects are highly regulated activities and subject to various approvals and permits. The process to obtain required permits, approvals and authorizations is complex, time-consuming, challenging and varies in each jurisdiction in which we operate. We obtain required permits, approvals and authorizations in due course in connection with each milestone for our projects. 
 We describe each of our current development projects below. 
 Fast LNG 
 We are currently developing multiple modular liquefaction facilities to provide a source of low-cost supply of LNG to customers around the world. We have designed and are constructing liquefaction facilities for our growing customer base that we believe are both faster and more economical to construct than many traditional liquefaction solutions. Our Fast LNG, or FLNG, design pairs advancements in modular, midsize liquefaction technology with jack up rigs, semi-submersible rigs or similar marine floating infrastructure to enable a lower cost and faster deployment schedule than other greenfield alternatives. Semi-permanently moored floating storage unit(s) (FSUs) will provide LNG storage alongside the floating liquefaction infrastructure, which can be deployed anywhere there is abundant and stranded natural gas. As noted below, we are also in discussions with CFE to utilize our FLNG design in an onshore application. 
 Our initial Fast LNG units were constructed at the Kiewit Offshore Services shipyard near Corpus Christi, Texas. The Kiewit facility specializes in the fabrication and integration of liquefaction projects. In partnership with Kiewit, we believe we have established an efficient and repeatable process to reduce cost and time to build incremental liquefaction capacity. Our first Fast LNG unit has been deployed offshore to Altamira, Mexico, and we expect to deploy additional units over the next two years. We describe our currently planned projects below. 
 Altamira 
 In the first quarter of 2023, we executed an agreement with CFE to supply natural gas for one FLNG unit located off the coast of Altamira, Tamaulipas, Mexico. The 1.4 million ton per annum MTPA FLNG unit is utilizing CFE s firm pipeline transportation capacity on the Sur de Texas-Tuxpan Pipeline to receive feedgas volumes. Our first FLNG unit has been installed and connected to the gas pipeline at Altamira, and we are in the process of commissioning the project. While we experienced delays in commissioning our first FLNG unit, which impacted our results of operations in this period and may impact our results in future periods, in July 2024, we began to produce LNG, and we expect to achieve run-rate production later in 2024. We sold the first full cargo from this facility on September 30, 2024. 
 In the first quarter of 2024, we executed an agreement with CFE to supply natural gas to an onshore liquefied natural gas terminal with up to two 1.4 MTPA FLNG units. The terminal is to be located at the existing Altamira LNG import facility and would source feedgas from the Sur de Texas-Tuxpan Pipeline. The Altamira onshore LNG facility is a world class import facility that will be converted to export LNG similar to other gulf coast regasification terminals. Existing 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 infrastructure at the facility includes two 150,000m3 storage tanks, deepwater marine berth and access to local gas and power networks. 
 Louisiana 
 In addition, we are considering a plan to install up to two FLNG units approximately 16 nautical miles off the southeast coast of Grand Isle, Louisiana. We have filed applications with the U.S. Maritime Administration ("MARAD") and the U.S. Coast Guard to obtain our deepwater port license application for this facility. The facility will be capable of exporting up to approximately 145 billion cubic feet of natural gas per year, equivalent to approximately 2.8 MTPA of LNG. 
 Lakach 
 We have been in discussions with Petr leos Mexicanos Pemex to form a long-term strategic partnership to develop the Lakach deepwater natural gas field for Pemex to supply natural gas to Mexico's onshore domestic market and for NFE to produce LNG for export to global markets. Our initial agreements were terminated in the fourth quarter of 2023, however, NFE continues to be in active discussions with Pemex to develop or monetize an offshore project. 
 Puerto Sandino Facility 
 We are developing a liquefied natural gas receiving, transloading and regasification facility in Puerto Sandino, Nicaragua, as well as a pipeline connecting the facility with our Puerto Sandino Power Plant. We have entered into a 25-year PPA with Nicaragua s electricity distribution companies, and we expect to utilize approximately 57,000 MMBtu from LNG per day to provide natural gas to the Puerto Sandino Power Plant in connection with the 25-year power purchase agreement. As part of our long-term strategy, we are evaluating solutions to optimize power generation and delivery to other markets, connected to our power plant through a regional transmission line starting in 2025. 
 Barcarena Facility 
 The Barcarena Facility consists of an FSRU and associated infrastructure, including mooring and offshore and onshore pipelines. The Barcarena Facility is capable of processing over one million MMBtu from LNG per day and storing up to 160,000 cubic meters of LNG. We have entered into a 15-year gas supply agreement with a subsidiary of Norsk Hydro ASA for the supply of natural gas to the Alunorte Alumina Refinery in Par , Brazil, through our Barcarena Facility. We substantially completed our Barcarena Facility in 2022 and are in process of final commissioning. 
 The Barcarena Facility will also supply our new 630MW combined cycle thermal power plant to be located in Par , Brazil (the Barcarena Power Plant ). The power plant is fully contracted under multiple 25-year power purchase agreements to supply electricity to the national electricity grid. We expect to complete the Barcarena Power Plant and begin delivering power to nine committed offtakers for 25 years beginning in 2025. 
 In March 2024, we closed the acquisition of PortoCem Gera o de Energia S.A. ("PortoCem"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ceiba Fundo de Investimento em Participa es Multiestrat gia- Investimento no Exterior ("Ceiba Energy") in exchange for newly issued 4.8 NFE redeemable Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. PortoCem is the owner of a 15-year 1.6GW capacity reserve contract in Brazil. We have received approval to transfer the 1.6 GW capacity reserve contract to a site owned by NFE that is adjacent to the Barcarena Facility, where NFE will build the PortoCem Power Plant to supply the capacity reserve contract using gas from the Barcarena Facility. We expect to begin delivering electricity under the acquired capacity reserve contract in July 2026. 
 Santa Catarina Facility 
 The Santa Catarina Facility is located on the southern coast of Brazil and consists of an FSRU with a processing capacity of approximately 500,000 MMBtu from LNG per day and LNG storage capacity of up to 138,000 cubic meters. We have developed a 33-kilometer, 20-inch pipeline that connects the Santa Catarina Facility to the existing inland Transportadora Brasileira Gasoduto Bolivia-Brasil S.A. TBG pipeline via an interconnection point in the municipality of Garuva. The Santa Catarina Facility and associated pipeline are expected to have a total addressable market of 15 million cubic meters per day. We are in the process of final commissioning of our Santa Catarina Facility. 
 Ireland Facility 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to develop and operate an LNG facility and power plant on the Shannon Estuary, near Tarbert, Ireland. In April 2023, we were awarded a capacity contract for the development of a power plant for approximately 353 MW of electricity generation with a duration of ten years as part of the auction process operated by Ireland s Transmission System Operator. The power plant is required to be operational by October 2026. 
 In the third quarter of 2023, An Bord Plean la, Ireland's planning commission, denied our application for the development of an LNG terminal and power plant. We challenged this decision, and in September 2024, the High Court of Ireland ruled that the ABP did not have appropriate grounds for the denial of our permit. The ABP has been directed to reconsider our permit application in accordance with Irish law. The continued development of this project is uncertain and there are multiple risks, including regulatory risks, that could preclude the development of this project, and the results of these risks could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 ZeroParks 
 In 2020, we formed our Zero division to develop and operate facilities that produce clean hydrogen in an environmentally sustainable manner, and to invest in emerging technologies that enable the production of clean hydrogen to be more efficient and scalable. Our business plan is to build a portfolio of clean hydrogen production sites, each referred to as a ZeroPark, in key regions throughout the United States, utilizing the most efficient and reliable electrolyzer technologies. 
 Our first clean hydrogen project, known as ZeroPark I, is located in Beaumont, Texas. The ZeroPark I facility is sited within a 10-mile radius of the two largest refineries in the western hemisphere and numerous petrochemical manufacturers, many of which require significant amounts of hydrogen for their businesses. ZeroPark I, as planned, could use up to 200 MW of power, constructed in two distinct phases, each using 100 MW of electrolysis technology. In total, ZeroPark I is expected to produce up to 86,000 kg of clean hydrogen per day, or approximately 31,000 TPA. We have commenced design, engineering and permitting for ZeroPark I. Additionally, we have secured a binding offtake commitment for the clean hydrogen produced at ZeroPark I. Once completed, we expect ZeroPark I to be the largest green hydrogen plant in the United States. 
 Klondike 
 We recently launched Klondike, a power and data center development business dedicated to working with hyperscale customers to build and operate data centers. This venture comes in response to a significant need for turnkey digital infrastructure to support the next stage of explosive growth in artificial intelligence. 
 Klondike will employ independent power sources that utilize behind-the-meter on-site power. This innovative approach is designed to address all major constraints of digital infrastructure development, providing grid stability, significant transmission capacity, power reliability, energy cost savings, and scalability. This approach not only reduces the demand for power from the grid but also contributes power back to it. 
 Klondike is currently developing a geographically diverse portfolio of data center sites to satisfy the requirements of hyperscale users. Klondike has more than 1,000 acres of developable land across sites in Brazil, Ireland, and the United States that it either owns or leases. These locations have large existing power plants or permits in process to build several gigawatts of power, connectivity to fiber networks, access to transmission and water. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Equity Offering 
 On October 1, 2024, the Company entered into an Underwriting Agreement with several underwriters to issue and sell 46,349,942 shares of our Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a purchase price to the public of 8.63 per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions, in a registered public offering (the "Equity Offering"). Our chief executive officer, Wesley R. Edens, agreed to purchase 5,793,742 shares at the public offering price per share and on the same terms as the other purchasers in the Equity Offering. The Equity Offering closed on October 2, 2024. We received net proceeds of approximately 387.3 million after underwriters' discounts and commissions and the estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Transaction Support Agreement and Exchange and Subscription Agreement 
 On September 30, 2024, we entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the "TSA") with certain holders of our 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, and 2029 Notes. The TSA relates to a series of transactions, among the Company, certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries and certain holders of the 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes the "Supporting Holders"), intended to extend the maturity profile of our indebtedness while providing additional operating liquidity and financial flexibility. 
 On November 6, 2024, we entered into a privately negotiated exchange and subscription agreement (the "Exchange and Subscription Agreement") with the Supporting Holders to implement the transactions described in the TSA. Pursuant to the Exchange and Subscription Agreement, (i) NFE Financing LLC ("NFE Financing"), an indirectly owned subsidiary of the Company, will sell to the Supporting Holders approximately 1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 12.00 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the "New Notes") (the transactions described in clause (i), the "Subscription Transactions") and (ii) NFE Financing will issue to the Supporting Holders 1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of New Notes in a dollar-for-dollar exchange for our 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes (the "Exchange Transactions" and together with the Subscription Transactions, the "Transactions"). The New Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture (the "New Notes Indenture") and will be issued in private placements in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. We intend to use net proceeds from the Transactions to repay in full the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2025 Notes and for general corporate purposes. 
 Pursuant to the Exchange and Subscription Agreement, the Supporting Holders may elect to receive a commitment fee equal to either (i) 5 of the aggregate principal amount of such Supporting Holder s New Notes, payable in shares of our Class A common stock, at a price of 8.63 per share (the "Commitment Fee Shares"), (ii) 2 of the aggregate principal amount of such Supporting Holder s New Notes, payable in kind in the form of additional New Notes (the "Commitment Fee Notes"), or (iii) a combination of the foregoing. To the extent any Supporting Holder elects to receive Commitment Fee Notes, the equivalent value in Commitment Fee Shares will be ratably reallocated amongst the other Supporting Holders to ensure that the Supporting Holders will in any case receive 5 of the total amount of New Notes payable in Commitment Fee Shares. In the event any Supporting Holder elects to receive the Commitment Fee Shares, such Supporting Holder will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Company, pursuant to which such Supporting Holder is entitled to certain registration rights and subject to certain lock-up restrictions. Any Supporting Holders may not, subject to customary exceptions, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of the Commitment Fee Shares for a period of six months from the date of the Registration Rights Agreement without our prior written consent. 
 New Notes Indenture 
 Interest on the New Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2025. The New Notes will mature on November 15, 2029 and are payable in full on maturity date. NFE Financing may redeem the New Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity, subject to certain prepayment premiums. NFE Financing is required to prepay the New Notes, subject to repurchase premiums, upon occurrence of change of control events and other specified prepayment events. Additionally, the New Notes will be subject to a par repurchase offer in connection with any Pass Through Prepayment Event (defined as any prepayment made under the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement or the Series II Credit Agreement (each, as defined below)). 
 The New Notes will be guaranteed on a senior secured basis by NFE Financing s wholly-owned subsidiary, Bradford County Real Estate Partners LLC ("New Notes Guarantor"), which owns our land in Wyalusing, Pennsylvania. The New Notes will be secured by first-priority liens on (a) all assets of NFE Financing, including the promissory note evidencing indebtedness under the Series II Credit Agreement, the promissory note evidencing indebtedness under the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement, approximately 45 of the equity in NFE Brazil Holdings Limited ("NFE Brazil Holdings"), which owns our Brazil business, and 100 of the equity in the New Notes Guarantor and (b) all assets of the New Notes Guarantor. 
 In connection with NFE Financing s issuance of the New Notes, NFE will: (i) enter into approximately 1.4 billion Series II Credit Agreement (as defined below) with NFE Financing, (ii) enter into an approximately 970 million Series I Credit Agreement (as defined below) with NFE Brazil Investments LLC Brazil Parent ), an indirectly owned, restricted subsidiary of the Company and the direct parent of NFE Financing, and (iii) further cause Brazil Parent to enter into an approximately 970 million Brazil Parent Credit Agreement (as defined below) with NFE Financing. 
 Intercompany loans 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Brazil Parent Credit Agreement 
 NFE Financing and Brazil Parent will enter into a credit agreement (the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement ), whereby NFE Financing will provide a term loan of approximately 970 million (the Brazil Parent Term Loan to Brazil Parent, which will mature in November 2029. The obligations under the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement will be secured by substantially all assets of Brazil Parent (including a pledge of the equity interests held by Brazil Parent in NFE Brazil Holdings). Brazil Parent may redeem the Brazil Parent Term Loan, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity, subject to certain make-whole premiums. Brazil Parent is required to prepay the Brazil Parent Term Loan, subject to repurchase premiums, upon occurrence of certain events, including any change of control and receipt of net proceeds from any prepayment under the Series I Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 The Brazil Parent Credit Agreement is expected to contain usual and customary representations and warranties, covenants and events of default for financings of this type. 
 Series I Credit Agreement 
 NFE and Brazil Parent will enter into a term loan credit agreement Series I Credit Agreement ), under which Brazil Parent will provide NFE a senior secured term loan in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 970 million (the Series I Term Loan ). 
 We intend to use proceeds to repay in full the outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2025 Notes and consummate a portion of the Exchange Transactions. 
 Series II Credit Agreement 
 NFE and NFE Financing will enter into a term loan credit agreement Series II Credit Agreement ), under which NFE Financing will provide NFE a senior secured term loan in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 1.4 billion (the Series II Term Loan ). The proceeds will be used to consummate the Exchange Transactions. 
 Both Series I and Series II Term Loan will mature in November 2029 and will be payable in full on the maturity date. The obligations under both the Series I Credit Agreement and Series II Credit Agreement will be guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured basis by each subsidiary that is a guarantor under the 2026 Notes and the 2029 Notes. The obligations under the Series I and Series II Credit Agreement will be secured by substantially the same collateral that currently secures the 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes. An equal priority intercreditor agreement will govern the treatment of the collateral. 
 We may redeem the Series I and Series II Term Loan, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity, subject to certain make-whole premiums. In addition, we will be required to prepay the Series I and Series II Term Loan upon the occurrence of any change of control (as defined in the New Notes Indenture and the Brazil Parent Credit Agreement), and with the net proceeds of certain asset sales, condemnations and debt and convertible securities issuances. 
 Both Series I and Series II Credit Agreement are expected to contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, subject to certain thresholds and grace periods, typical for financings of this type. 
 Credit Agreement Amendments 
 On November 6, 2024, we entered into the Ninth Amendment to our Revolving Credit Agreement (the Ninth Amendment ), which extends the maturity date of the Revolving Facility for consenting lenders from April 15, 2026 to October 15, 2027, subject to certain events that would cause the maturity to spring to an earlier date as described in the Ninth Amendment. 
 On November 6, 2024, we entered into the Fifth Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement (the Fifth Amendment , and together with the Ninth Amendment, the Amendments ). The Amendments, among other things, modify the definition of Excluded Assets and exclude certain assets of our Brazil business from the definition of Excluded Assets. The Amended Credit Agreements also amend the financial covenant that tests the consolidated first lien debt ratio. The consolidated first lien debt ratio cannot exceed (i) 9.50 to 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2025 through June 30, 2025, (ii) 8.50 to 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2025 through December 31, 2025, (iii) 8.00 to 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 2026 through June 30, 2026, and (iv) 7.50 to 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2026 and each fiscal quarter thereafter. The Amended Credit Agreements also add a fixed charge coverage ratio test. Commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025, we cannot permit the fixed charge coverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to fixed charges) for the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to be less than 0.80 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025 and, for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2025 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, 1.00 to 1.00. Additionally, the Amendments modify how consolidated EBITDA is calculated to more closely align with the calculations in certain of our existing term loan facilities and also remove the Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio. 
 Lumina Note Purchase Agreement 
 On November 6, 2024, NFE Brazil Financing Limited NFE Brazil ), a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of the Company, entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement to issue and sell up to 350 million aggregate principal amount of its 15 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the NFE Brazil Notes at a purchase price of 97.75 of the principal amount. The obligations under the NFE Brazil Notes will be guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of NFE Brazil, and NFE Brazil, its subsidiary guarantors and certain of its other subsidiaries will grant security interests in certain of their assets to secure the NFE Brazil Notes. 
 
 Other Matters 
 On June 18, 2020, we received an order from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"), which asked us to explain why our San Juan Facility is not subject to FERC s jurisdiction under section 3 of the NGA. Because we do not believe that the San Juan Facility is jurisdictional, we provided our reply to FERC on July 20, 2020 and requested that FERC act expeditiously. On March 19, 2021, FERC issued an order that the San Juan Facility does fall under FERC jurisdiction. FERC directed us to file an application for authorization to operate the San Juan Facility within 180 days of the order, which was September 15, 2021, but also found that allowing operation of the San Juan Facility to continue during the pendency of an application is in the public interest. FERC also concluded that no enforcement action against us is warranted, presuming we comply with the requirements of the order. Parties to the proceeding, including the Company, sought rehearing of the March 19, 2021 FERC order, and FERC denied all requests for rehearing in an order issued on July 15, 2021; the FERC order was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on June 14, 2022. In order to comply with the FERC s directive, on September 15, 2021, we filed an application for authorization to operate the San Juan Facility, which remains pending. 
 On July 18, 2023, we filed for an amendment to the March 19, 2021 and July 15, 2021 FERC orders allowing the continued operation of the San Juan Facility during the pendency of the formal application to allow us to construct and interconnect 220 feet of incremental 10-inch pipeline needed to supply natural gas for temporary power generation solicited through the Puerto Rico Power Stabilization Task Force. On July 31, 2023, FERC issued an order stating that it would not take action to prevent the construction and operation of the pipeline and interconnect and on January 30, 2024, FERC reaffirmed the order allowing the construction and operation to continue. 
 On September 26, 2024, the United States Coast Guard ("USCG") filed a Letter of Recommendation with FERC in which it assessed our Letter of Intent dated April 12, 2024, and our Waterway Suitability Assessment, dated August 26, 2024, in respect of future ship to ship transfers with alternative vessels, and recommended against the allowance of the proposed operations. Further, the USCG issued a Letter of Warning in respect of our ongoing ship to ship transfers of LNG operations within the San Juan port limits. On October 21, 2024, we filed an appeal with the USCG under 33 CFR 160.7 and are awaiting a response. 
 On October 25, 2024, FERC issued a notice of intent to prepare an Environmental Impact Statement, which included, among other things, two public scoping sessions in Puerto Rico scheduled for November 18, 2024 in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act. 
 
 Results of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Performance of our two segments, Terminals and Infrastructure and Ships, is evaluated based on Segment Operating Margin. Segment Operating Margin reconciles to Consolidated Segment Operating Margin as reflected below, which is a non-GAAP measure. We reconcile Consolidated Segment Operating Margin to GAAP Gross margin, inclusive of depreciation and amortization. Consolidated Segment Operating Margin is mathematically equivalent to Revenue minus Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization reflected separately) minus Operations and maintenance minus 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Vessel operating expenses, each as reported in our financial statements. We believe this non-GAAP measure, as we have defined it, offers a useful supplemental measure of the overall performance of our operating assets in evaluating our profitability in a manner that is consistent with metrics used for management s evaluation of the overall performance of our operating assets. 
 Consolidated Segment Operating Margin is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to Gross margin, income from operations, net income, cash flow from operating activities or any other measure of performance or liquidity derived in accordance with GAAP. As Consolidated Segment Operating Margin measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, items beyond the control of management in the short term, such as depreciation and amortization are excluded. As a result, this supplemental metric affords management the ability to make decisions and facilitates measuring and achieving optimal financial performance of our current operations. The principal limitation of this non-GAAP measure is that it excludes significant expenses and income that are required by GAAP. A reconciliation is provided for the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, Gross margin. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to our Gross margin, and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 The tables below present our segment information for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands of Terminals and Infrastructure Ships Total Segment Consolidation 
 and Other (3) 
 Consolidated Total revenues 482,200 43,062 525,262 42,273 567,535 Cost of sales (1)(2) 
 325,292 325,292 325,292 Vessel operating expenses (4) 
 8,254 8,254 8,254 Operations and maintenance (4) 
 32,062 32,062 32,062 Deferred earnings from contracted sales (5) 
 60,000 60,000 (60,000) Segment Operating Margin 184,846 34,808 219,654 (17,727) 201,927 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands of Consolidated Gross margin (GAAP) 166,563 Depreciation and amortization 35,364 Consolidated Segment Operating Margin (Non-GAAP) 201,927 
 
 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 (in thousands of Terminals and Infrastructure Ships Total Segment Consolidation 
 and Other (3) 
 Consolidated Total revenues 385,428 42,578 428,006 428,006 Cost of sales (1)(2) 
 221,860 221,860 221,860 Vessel operating expenses (4) 
 8,503 8,503 8,503 Operations and maintenance (4) 
 39,292 39,292 39,292 Deferred earnings from contracted sales (5) 
 90,000 90,000 (90,000) Segment Operating Margin 214,276 34,075 248,351 (90,000) 158,351 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 (in thousands of Consolidated Gross margin (GAAP) 120,938 Depreciation and amortization 37,413 Consolidated Segment Operating Margin (Non-GAAP) 158,351 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands of Terminals and Infrastructure Ships Total Segment Consolidation 
 and Other (3) 
 Consolidated Total revenues 1,515,365 128,224 1,643,589 42,273 1,685,862 Cost of sales 776,269 776,269 776,269 Vessel operating expenses 25,153 25,153 25,153 Operations and maintenance 139,902 139,902 139,902 Deferred earnings from contracted sales(5) 150,000 150,000 (150,000) Segment Operating Margin 749,194 103,071 852,265 (107,727) 744,538 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands of Consolidated Gross margin (GAAP) 621,270 Depreciation and amortization 123,268 Consolidated Segment Operating Margin (Non-GAAP) 744,538 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands of Terminals and Infrastructure Ships Total Segment Consolidation 
 and Other (3) 
 Consolidated Total revenues 1,446,017 230,315 1,676,332 (21,394) 1,654,938 Cost of sales 488,512 488,512 114,114 602,626 Vessel operating expenses 42,295 42,295 (5,948) 36,347 Operations and maintenance 121,187 121,187 121,187 Segment Operating Margin 836,318 188,020 1,024,338 (129,560) 894,778 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands of Consolidated Gross margin (GAAP) 769,618 Depreciation and amortization 125,160 Consolidated Segment Operating Margin (Non-GAAP) 894,778 
 
 (1) Cost of sales in our segment measure only includes realized gains and losses on derivative transactions that are economic hedges of our commodity purchases and sales, and realized losses of 0.3 million and realized gains of 141.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, were recognized as a reduction to Cost of sales in the segment measure. No such transactions were completed in 2024. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We recognized unrealized gains of 0.4 million and unrealized losses of 107.9 million on the mark-to-market value of derivative transactions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and these gains and losses reconcile Cost of sales in the segment measure to Cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . 
 
 We have excluded contract acquisition costs that do not meet the criteria for capitalization from the segment measure. Contract acquisition costs of 6.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 are shown as a reduction to Cost of sales in the segment measure. There were no contract acquisition costs incurred in 2024. 
 
 (2) Cost of sales is presented exclusive of costs included in Depreciation and amortization in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 (3) Consolidation and Other adjusts for the inclusion of deferred earnings from contracted sales of 150.0 million; a portion of these deferred earnings of 42.3 million were recognized upon delivery during the third quarter of 2024. 
 In 2023, the effective share of revenues, expenses and operating margin attributable to our ownership of the common units of Hilli LLC in the segment measure, prior to the disposition to this investment, as well as unrealized mark-to-market gain or loss on derivative instruments, are also removed. 
 (4) Operations and maintenance and Vessel operating expenses are directly attributable to revenue-producing activities of our terminals and vessels and are included in the calculation of Gross margin defined under GAAP. 
 (5) Deferred earnings from contracted sales represent forward sales transactions that were contracted in the current period and prepayment for these sales was received. Revenue will be recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) when delivery under these forward sales transactions is completed from the fourth quarter of 2024 through 2025. 
 Terminals and Infrastructure Segment 
 Three Months Ended, (in thousands of September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Total revenues 482,200 385,428 96,772 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 325,292 221,860 103,432 Operations and maintenance 32,062 39,292 (7,230) Deferred earnings from contracted sales 60,000 90,000 (30,000) Segment Operating Margin 184,846 214,276 (29,430) 
 Nine Months Ended, (in thousands of September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Total revenues 1,515,365 1,446,017 69,348 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 776,269 488,512 287,757 Operations and maintenance 139,902 121,187 18,715 Deferred earnings from contracted sales 150,000 150,000 Segment Operating Margin 749,194 836,318 (87,124) 
 Total revenue 
 Total revenue for the Terminals and Infrastructure Segment increased by 96.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher cargo sales and Henry Hub index that forms a portion of the pricing to invoice most of our customers in this segment, partially offset by lower incentive fee revenue from the Genera's operation and maintenance contract. 
 The increase in revenue in the third quarter of 2024 when compared to the second quarter of 2024 was primarily attributable to the following: 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue from cargo sales was 174.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increasing from 24.5 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Volumes delivered to downstream terminal customers were substantially consistent, increasing from 20.2 TBtu in the second quarter of 2024 to 20.7 TBtu in the third quarter of 2024. 
 The average Henry Hub index pricing used to invoice our downstream customers increased by 14 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Total revenue for the Terminals and Infrastructure Segment increased by 69.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and the increase in revenue was primarily attributable to the following: 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, volumes delivered to downstream customers were 62.8 TBtu as compared to 46.1 TBtu for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In 2023, we began to support the grid stabilization project in Puerto Rico, commissioning power generation assets in the second and third quarters of 2023, and the increase in volumes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to additional sales in Puerto. Our customer terminated the grid stabilization project in the first quarter of 2024, but we continue to sell volumes into these power plants under a new island-wide gas sale agreement signed with PREPA. 
 Although we delivered significantly higher volumes in the current year, our revenue was impacted by lower Henry Hub pricing and lower cargo sale revenue. 
 The average Henry Hub index pricing used to invoice our downstream customers decreased by 22 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The Company had 199.1 million in cargo sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Revenue from cargos sales was 617.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales includes the procurement of feed gas or LNG, as well as shipping and logistics costs to deliver LNG or natural gas to our facilities. Historically, our LNG and natural gas supply has been purchased from third parties or converted in our Miami Facility. Following the anticipated sale of our Miami Facility, we expect to continue sourcing LNG from third parties and for a portion of our supply to be generated by our first FLNG unit. Costs to convert natural gas to LNG, including labor, depreciation and other direct costs to operate our liquefaction facilities are also included in Cost of sales. Starting in the third quarter of 2023, our subsidiary, Genera, began to provide operations and maintenance services to PREPA's thermal generation assets, and cost to provide these services is included in Cost of sales. Under our contract with PREPA, we pass all of these costs onto PREPA, and such billings are recognized as revenue. 
 Cost of sales increased by 103.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, which was attributable to higher cost of gas purchased and cargo sales. Our cost to deliver natural gas volumes increased to 6.65 per MMBtu for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 6.42 per MMBtu for the three months ended June 30, 2024. After our FLNG asset is fully commissioned and operational, we expect to be able to produce LNG at a lower cost than the LNG purchased under our supply contracts. 
 We incurred increased cost of LNG for LNG cargo sales during the third quarter of 2024 by 76.7 million compared to the second quarter of 2024 due to higher volumes delivered. 
 Cost of sales increased by 287.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was attributable to the following activity: 
 We incurred increased cost of LNG purchased from third parties for sale to our downstream customers of 76.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to increased volumes delivered. We delivered 36 more volume to our downstream terminal customers in the current period. While we delivered significantly more volumes to our downstream customers, our pricing to purchase LNG for delivery to such customers was lower, 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 decreasing to 6.65 per MMBtu for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 7.26 per MMBtu for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Vessel costs increased by 59.8 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily driven by additional vessels being used for servicing our terminals during 2024. 
 We recognized payroll and other operating costs of 77.0 million to provide services under Genera's operations and maintenance contract for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 16.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023; these costs are passed onto PREPA. Only one quarter of such costs were incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as our contract commenced on July 1, 2023. 
 We incurred decreased cost of LNG for LNG cargo sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 72.7 million as our LNG cargo sale activity has been significantly lower in the first three quarters of 2024. 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, realized gains of 141.9 million from the settlement of commodity swap transactions, entered into as an economic hedge to reduce the market risks associated with commodity prices, were included as reduction of cost of sales in the segment measure. For segment performance measures, unrealized mark to market gains and losses are excluded until settled. No such transactions occurred in the current period. 
 The weighted-average cost of our LNG inventory balance to be used in our operations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 7.46 per MMBtu and 7.33 per MMBtu, respectively. 
 Operations and maintenance 
 Operations and maintenance includes costs of operating our facilities, exclusive of costs to convert that are reflected in Cost of sales. 
 Operations and maintenance decreased by 7.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to lower maintenance costs at our terminals during the third quarter and termination of the lease of three turbines during the second quarter of 2024. 
 Operations and maintenance increased 18.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . We incurred additional operations and maintenance costs at our La Paz Power Plant during nine months ended September 30, 2024 as it was placed into service in September 2023. Additional operations and maintenance cost were also incurred at our La Paz Facility in 2024 to meet higher customer demand. 
 Deferred earnings from contracted sales 
 In the second and third quarters of 2024, we completed forward sales receiving prepayments from the buyer of 90.0 million and 60.0 million respectively. The prepayment was based on the fair market value of these sales as compared to our supply cost, and our CODM includes these results in his evaluation of Terminals and Infrastructure operations. Revenue for these sales will be recognized in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) as deliveries under this contract will occur in the fourth quarter of 2024 through 2025. A portion of these deferred earnings of 42.3 million were recognized upon delivery during the third quarter of 2024. Both the forward contracted sale and our supply contract are based on Henry Hub which mitigates the impact that changes in commodity pricing will have on our results of operations. 
 Ships Segment 
 Three Months Ended, (in thousands of September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change Total revenues 43,062 42,578 484 Vessel operating expenses 8,254 8,503 (249) Segment Operating Margin 34,808 34,075 733 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended, (in thousands of September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Total revenues 128,224 230,315 (102,091) Vessel operating expenses 25,153 42,295 (17,142) Segment Operating Margin 103,071 188,020 (84,949) 
 Revenue in the Ships segment is comprised of operating lease revenue under time charters, fees for positioning and repositioning vessels as well as the reimbursement of certain vessel operating costs. As of September 30, 2024 , three FSRUs and one LNG carrier were leased to customers under long-term arrangements. 
 On March 15, 2023, we completed disposition of our investment in the common units of Hilli LLC, and after this point, the revenue, expenses and operating margin attributable to our 50 ownership of the Hilli are no longer included in our segment results. In the first quarter of 2024, we sold the vessel Mazo , for a total consideration of 22.4 million resulting in a gain of 0.4 million. The gain on sale is included in Loss on sale of assets, net , in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Total revenue 
 Total revenue for the Ships segment increased by 0.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024 . Subsequent to the Energos Formation Transaction, we continue to be, for accounting purposes, the owner of certain vessels included in the transaction, and as such, we continue to recognize revenue from the charter of these vessels to third parties. 
 Total revenue for the Ships segment decreased 102.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. After the disposition of our investment in the common units of Hilli LLC at the end of the first quarter of 2023, we no longer recognize revenue from the Hilli , decreasing revenue in the Ships segment. Additionally the charters for four vessels concluded in 2023, lowering vessel revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We are now utilizing these vessels in our operations. 
 Vessel operating expenses 
 Vessel operating expenses include direct costs associated with operating a vessel, such as crewing, repairs and maintenance, insurance, stores, lube oils, communication expenses, management fees and costs to operate the Hilli prior to the Hilli Exchange discussed above. We also recognize voyage expenses within Vessel operating expenses, which principally consist of fuel consumed before or after the term of time charter or when the vessel is off hire. Under time charters, the majority of voyage expenses are paid by customers. To the extent that these costs are a fixed amount specified in the charter, which is not dependent upon redelivery location, the estimated voyage expenses are recognized over the term of the time charter. 
 Vessel operating expenses remained consistent during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. There were no changes to the vessels that comprise the Ships segment in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Vessel operating expenses decreased 17.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease in vessel operating expenses was primarily due to lower costs related to the Hilli after the disposition our investment in the common units of Hilli LLC at the end of the first quarter of 2023. During 2024, we started using four vessels that were in the Ships segment in 2023 in our terminal operations, resulting in lower vessel operating costs. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Other operating results 
 Three Months Ended, Nine Months Ended, (in thousands of September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Selling, general and administrative 82,388 70,578 11,810 223,720 157,048 66,672 Transaction and integration costs 3,154 1,760 1,394 6,285 4,787 1,498 Depreciation and amortization 35,364 37,413 (2,049) 123,268 125,160 (1,892) Asset impairment expense 1,484 4,272 (2,788) 5,756 5,756 Loss on sale of assets, net 77,140 77,140 Total operating expenses 122,390 114,023 8,367 436,169 286,995 149,174 Operating income 79,537 44,328 35,209 308,369 607,783 (299,414) Interest expense 71,107 80,399 (9,292) 228,850 200,891 27,959 Other (income) expense, net (5,836) 47,354 (53,190) 60,630 16,150 44,480 Loss on extinguishment of debt 9,754 9,754 Income before income from equity method investments and income taxes 14,266 (83,425) 97,691 9,135 390,742 (381,607) Income (loss) from equity method investments 12,738 (12,738) Tax (benefit) provision 2,953 3,435 (482) 28,012 69,476 (41,464) Net income 11,313 (86,860) 98,173 (18,877) 334,004 (352,881) 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative includes compensation expenses for our corporate employees, employee travel costs, insurance, professional fees for our advisors, and screening costs for projects that are in initial stages and development is not yet probable. 
 Selling, general and administrative increased 11.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The Company incurred payroll severance cost of 7.9 million and additional share-based compensation expense of 2.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Selling, general and administrative increased 66.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased share-based compensation expense. We recognized 47.7 million of share-based compensation expense for RSUs and other equity awards during the first three quarters of 2024; no significant cost was recognized in the first three quarters of 2023. In addition, the allowance for bad debt increased by 11.6 million due to an additional allowance recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 Transaction and integration costs 
 We did not incur significant transaction and integration costs for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. Depreciation and amortization decreased 1.9 million for the nine months ended 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company classified the Miami Facility as held for sale on June 30, 2024, and no depreciation was recorded after that date. 
 Asset impairment expense 
 The Company recognized an impairment of 5.3 million that was predominately due to the classification of the Miami Facility as held for sale in the second quarter of 2024. There was no significant impairment of assets during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Loss on sale of assets, net 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company recognized a loss of 77.5 million from the sale of turbines and related equipment to the PREPA. We did not have any losses on sales during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense decreased by 9.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to increased capitalization of interest costs. 
 Interest expense increased by 28.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase was primarily due to an increase in total principal outstanding due to additional borrowings and amortization of related debt issuance costs. The total principal balance on outstanding facilities was 8.2 billion as of September 30, 2024 as compared to total principal outstanding of 6.2 billion as of September 30, 2023. We capitalize a significant portion of our borrowing costs for development projects, and while the principal balances increased, the interest expense did not increase as significantly. 
 Other (income) expense, net 
 Other (income) expense, net was (5.8) million and 47.4 million three months ended September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, respectively. Other (income) expense, net was 60.6 million and 16.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Other income recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily comprised of foreign currency gains due to remeasurement of USD denominated debt in our Brazil subsidiary. The gains were partly offset by realized loss on settlement of foreign currency derivative contracts. 
 Other expense recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily comprised of foreign currency remeasurement losses and loss on termination of leases of turbines used in the grid stabilization project in Puerto Rico partially offset by interest income. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we recognized prepayment premium and unamortized financing costs of 7.9 million in connection with the prepayment of the Equipment Notes. We also recognized a premium over the repurchase price of 1.9 million in connection with the cash tender offer to repurchase 375.0 million of the outstanding 2025 Notes. We did not have any extinguishment transactions in the third quarter of 2024 or the first three quarters of 2023. 
 Income (loss) from equity method investments 
 During 2023, we recognized income of 6.3 million from our equity method investment in Energos and 6.0 million of income from our investment in the common units of Hilli LLC for the period prior to the completion of the disposition of 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 this investment. In the first quarter of 2024, we sold substantially all of our stake in Energos resulting in no income or loss from equity method investments for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Tax provision 
 We recognized a tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 3.0 million compared to a tax provision of 3.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024. We recognized a tax provision of 28.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 69.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the tax provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is mainly due to pre-tax losses in the US and decrease in pre-tax income in foreign jurisdictions which resulted in correlative changes in tax expense in those jurisdictions. 
 
 Factors Impacting Comparability of Our Financial Results 
 Our historical results of operations and cash flows are not indicative of results of operations and cash flows to be expected in the future, principally for the following reasons: 
 Our historical financial results do not reflect our Fast LNG solution which we expect will lower the cost of our LNG supply. We currently purchase the majority of our supply of LNG from third parties, sourcing approximately 97 of our LNG volumes from third parties for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We anticipate that the deployment of Fast LNG liquefaction facilities will significantly lower the cost of our LNG supply and reduce our dependence on third-party suppliers. Though the commissioning of these facilities, particularly our first Fast LNG unit, was delayed from the initially anticipated date, which impacted our results of operations in this period and may impact our results in future periods, we began to produce LNG from our first Fast LNG unit in July 2024. The first full cargo was loaded onto the Energos Princess vessel and set sail for Europe on September 30, 2024. We plan to leverage the development process for the first unit in deploying future Fast LNG liquefaction facilities. 
 Our historical financial results do not include significant projects that have recently been completed or are near completion. Our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 include our Montego Bay Facility, Old Harbour Facility, San Juan Facility, La Paz Power Plant and certain industrial end-users. We have completed construction of our Barcarena Facility and Santa Catarina Facility and are in the final stages of commissioning these assets. We are also continuing to develop our Barcarena Power Plant, PortoCem Power Plant, Puerto Sandino Facility and Ireland Facility, and our current results do not include revenue and operating results from these projects. 
 Additionally, we began to deliver power to the Puerto Rican grid as part of the grid stabilization project in the second quarter of 2023. In the first quarter of 2024, our contract was terminated and assets related to the grid stabilization project were sold to PREPA. Under our new island-wide gas sale agreement with PREPA, we continue to supply gas to these power generation assets. 
 Our historical financial results include the results from our investments in the common units of Hilli LLC and Energos. On March 15, 2023, we completed a transaction with Golar LNG Limited GLNG for the sale of our investment in the common units of Hilli LLC Hilli Common Units ), disponent owner and operator of the Hilli Episeyo (the Hilli through its subsidiary Golar Hilli Corporation, in exchange for approximately 4.1 million NFE shares and 100 million in cash (the "Hilli Exchange"). As a result of this transaction, we no longer have any ownership interest in the Hilli , and their results are no longer included in NFE's results of operations. 
 In February 2024, the Company completed the sale of substantially all of its stake in Energos for a total consideration of 136.4 million and retaining an investment in Energos valued at 1.0 million . As a result of this transaction, we no longer include the results of Energos in our results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On September 30, 2024, we entered into a Transaction Support Agreement with certain holders of our 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes, setting forth the terms of a series of transactions intended to extend the maturity profile of our indebtedness, while providing additional operating liquidity and financial flexibility. On November 6, 2024, we entered 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 into the Exchange and Subscription Agreement with these Supporting Holders, which sets forth the definitive terms of the Transactions, the consummation of which remains subject to customary closing conditions. We intend to use the proceeds of the Transactions to: (a) redeem in full the 2025 Notes; (b) exchange and cancel approximately 1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes on a dollar-for-dollar basis for additional New Notes and (c) pay fees and expenses related to the Transactions and (d) add approximately 300 million in cash to our balance sheet. See Recent Developments for additional detail regarding the Transactions. 
 The 875.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of our 2025 Notes matures on September 15, 2025. If any of the 2025 Notes remain outstanding 60 days prior to this maturity date (the "Springing Maturity Date"), the outstanding principal under the Revolving Facility, Term Loan B and Term Loan A (defined below) will become immediately due. In the absence of closing the Transactions, our current liquidity and forecasted cash flows from operations are not sufficient to support the repayment of the 2025 Notes, in full, prior to the Springing Maturity Date, and as such, management concluded that substantial doubt exists related to our ability to continue as a going concern. Management expects all conditions precedent to be achieved and the Transactions to close in the coming weeks, which will alleviate the substantial doubt. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in closing the Transactions. 
 We intend to use a portion of the proceeds from the New Notes to redeem all of the outstanding 2025 Notes. We have issued a notice of redemption conditioned on the closing of the Transactions; we expect to effectuate the redemption, and satisfy and discharge the indenture governing the 2025 Notes, shortly following the closing of the Transactions. 
 In addition to cash received from the recent Equity Offering and the Transactions, we expect our current working capital position to improve based on the following: (1) expected cash flows generated from new gas sale agreements and volume growth in Puerto Rico, Mexico and Brazil (2) sales of our own LNG generated by our first deployed Fast LNG unit; (3) we have fully funded the construction of our Barcarena Power Plant with new long-term financing in Brazil and we have commitments to fund substantially all of the remaining cost of our onshore FLNG project at Altamira; (4) we have agreed to issue the New Brazil Notes to provide additional financing to construct our PortoCem Power Plant; (5) our relationships with certain significant vendors, including vendors constructing our Fast LNG assets, have allowed us to extend our payment terms to better align with the expected completion of our first Fast LNG project; and (6) the anticipated sale of our Miami Facility in the fourth quarter of 2024. In addition, we have begun to identify strategic partners for one or more of our primary businesses and expect to explore potential strategic partner financing, commercial ventures or assets sales to enhance our liquidity and financial flexibility. 
 We expect to fund our current operations and continued development of additional facilities through cash on hand, borrowings under our debt facilities, cash generated from certain sales and financing transactions and cash generated from operations . We may also opportunistically elect to generate additional liquidity through future debt or equity issuances and asset sales to fund our developments and transactions. The terms and conditions of our indebtedness include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, incur or refinance our debt, engage in certain transactions, and require us to maintain certain financial ratios, among others, any of which may limit our ability to finance future operations and capital needs, react to changes in our business and in the economy generally, and to pursue business opportunities and activities. Following the completion of Amendments and the Transactions, our ability to undertake these activities, including our ability to incur or refinance our debt, will be further limited. Furthermore, the restrictions contemplated by certain of the Amendments require proceeds of certain asset sales to be used to pay down existing indebtedness. From time to time, we may seek to repay, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our debt or to repurchase our outstanding debt through, as applicable, tender offers, redemptions, exchange offers, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such transactions, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements and contractual requirements (including compliance with the terms of our debt agreements), among other factors. 
 Our expectations of future liquidity needs and sources include numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Refer to Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies for further information on liquidity and Item 1A. Risk Factors for risks and uncertainties that may cause our results to differ from our expectations, each in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our remaining committed capital expenditures, inclusive of invoiced amounts in Accounts payable, is approximately 1,362 million and includes remaining expenditures to complete our first Fast LNG project and our onshore liquefaction project at Altamira, as well as committed expenditures necessary to complete the Puerto Sandino Facility, Barcarena and PortoCem Power Plants. This does not include any capital expenditures related to Klondike. We have secured financing commitments to continue to develop our onshore Altamira project, Barcarena Power Plant and PortoCem Power Plant, 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 which represents approximately 942 million of our upcoming committed capital expenditures and includes upcoming long-term permanent financing in Brazil to fully fund all development costs of our PortoCem Power Plant. This anticipated financing, as well as the New Brazil Notes, is included within our secured financing commitments. 
 We expect fully completed Fast LNG units to cost between 1.0 billion and 2.0 billion per unit on average. Unlike engineering, procurement and construction agreements for traditional liquefaction construction, our contracts with vendors to construct the Fast LNG units allow us to closely control the timing of our spending and construction schedules so that we can complete each project in time frames to meet our business needs. For example, expected spending for our second and third Fast LNG units that is not currently contracted is excluded from the estimated committed spending. Each Fast LNG completion is subject to permitting, various contractual terms, project feasibility, our decision to proceed and timing. We carefully manage our contractual commitments, the related funding needs and our various sources of funding including cash on hand, cash flow from operations, and borrowings under existing and future debt facilities. We may also enter into other financing arrangements to generate proceeds to fund our developments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have spent approximately 128.6 million to develop the Pennsylvania Facility. Approximately 22.5 million of construction and development costs have been expensed as we have not issued a final notice to proceed to our engineering, procurement and construction contractors. Cost for land, as well as engineering and equipment that could be deployed to other facilities and associated financing costs of approximately 106.1 million, has been capitalized, and to date, we have repurposed approximately 16.8 million of engineering and equipment to our Fast LNG project. We intend to apply for updated permits for the Pennsylvania Facility with the aim of obtaining these permits to coincide with the commencement of construction activities. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We are committed to make cash payments in the future pursuant to certain contracts. The following table summarizes certain contractual obligations, including principal and interest, in place as of September 30, 2024. 
 (in thousands of Total Less than Year 1 Years 2 to 3 Year 4 to 5 More than 5 years Long-term debt obligations 11,486,292 310,241 4,949,877 2,440,063 3,786,111 Purchase obligations 14,298,595 478,455 2,022,043 935,826 10,862,271 Lease obligations 868,211 51,122 268,236 220,254 328,599 Total 26,653,098 839,818 7,240,156 3,596,143 14,976,981 
 Long-term debt obligations 
 For information on our long-term debt obligations, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Long-Term Debt in our Annual Report, and Long-Term Debt and Preferred Stock . The amounts included in the table above are based on the total debt balance, scheduled maturities, and interest rates in effect as of September 30, 2024. 
 A portion of our long-term debt obligations will be paid to Energos under charters of vessels included in the Energos Formation Transaction to third parties. The residual value of these vessels also forms a part of the obligation and will be recognized as a bullet payment at the end of the charters. As neither these third party charter payments nor the residual value of these vessels represent cash payments due by NFE, such amounts have been excluded from the table above. 
 
 The New Notes issued pursuant to the Transactions will bear interest at the increased rate of 12.00 per annum compared with the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the 2029 Notes being refinanced, and will increase long-term debt obligations. As the Transactions have not yet been completed, the increased debt and interest expense has not been included in the table above. 
 Purchase obligations 
 We are party to contractual purchase commitments for the purchase, production and transportation of LNG and natural gas, as well as engineering, procurement and construction agreements to develop our terminals and related infrastructure. Our commitments to purchase LNG and natural gas are principally take-or-pay contracts, which require the purchase of minimum quantities of LNG and natural gas, and these commitments are designed to assure sources of supply and are not expected to be in excess of normal requirements. Certain LNG purchase commitments are subject to conditions precedent, 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 and we include these expected commitments in the table above beginning when delivery is expected assuming that all contractual conditions precedent are met. For purchase commitments priced based upon an index such as Henry Hub, the amounts shown in the table above are based on the spot price of that index as of September 30, 2024. 
 We have construction purchase commitments in connection with our development projects, including our Fast LNG projects, Puerto Sandino Facility, Barcarena Facility, Santa Catarina Facility, Barcarena Power Plant and PortoCem Power Plant. Commitments included in the table above include commitments under engineering, procurement and construction contracts where a notice to proceed has been issued. 
 Lease obligations 
 Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable lease agreements, inclusive of fixed lease payments for renewal periods we are reasonably certain will be exercised, are included in the above table. Our lease obligations are primarily related to LNG vessel time charters, marine port leases, ISO tank leases, office space, and a land lease. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes the changes to our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively : 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands of 2024 2023 Change Cash flows from: Operating activities 146,200 537,184 (390,984) Investing activities (1,308,554) (2,065,562) 757,008 Financing activities 1,100,877 924,072 176,805 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (61,477) (604,306) 542,829 
 Cash provided by operating activities 
 Our cash flow provided by operating activities was 146.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which increased by 391.0 million from cash provided by operating activities of 537.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, when adjusted for non-cash items, decreased by 150.7 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The remaining decrease in cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by increases to recoverable taxes presented in Other current assets, and decreases in accrued liabilities. We also settled a commodity swap during the first quarter of 2023, resulting in a significant cash inflow that did not recur during 2024. 
 Cash (used in) investing activities 
 Our cash flow used in investing activities was 1,308.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which decreased by 757.0 million from cash used in investing activities of 2,065.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Cash outflows for investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were used primarily for continued development of our Fast LNG project and the construction of the PortoCem Power Plant and Barcarena Power Plant. Cash outflows were offset by proceeds of 306.6 million from the sale of turbines and related equipment to PREPA, 136.4 million from the sale of our equity method investment in Energos and 22.4 million from the sale of the Mazo . 
 Cash outflows for investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were used primarily for continued development of our Fast LNG project and assets to service the grid stabilization project in Puerto Rico. Cash outflows were offset by proceeds of 100.0 million from the sale of our equity method investment in Hilli LLC in the Hilli Exchange, as well as proceeds received from the sale of the Spirit and a portion of our investment in equity securities. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Cash provided by financing activities 
 Our cash flow provided by financing activities was 1,100.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which increased by 176.8 million from cash provided by financing activities of 924.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Throughout the first nine months of 2024, we had total borrowings of 3,594.2 million, with such borrowings primarily used to fund continued development of the Fast LNG project, Barcarena Power Plant, and PortoCem Power Plant. Such borrowings were also used to repay a portion of the 2025 Notes and various asset level financings in Puerto Rico and Brazil. We also repaid our Revolving Facility and short-term borrowings under repurchase agreements, prior to again drawing on these facilities. 
 Our cash flow provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included a dividend payment of 626.3 million that was made in January 2023. Throughout the first nine months of 2023, we also borrowed under our expanded Revolving Facility, Bridge Term Loans, Equipment Notes, as well as short-term borrowings under repurchase arrangements for total additional borrowings of 1,768.7 million. Such borrowings were primarily used to fund the ongoing development of our Fast LNG project and to support our grid stabilization project in Puerto Rico. Increased borrowings during 2023 were offset by repayments of debt totaling 104.5 million, primarily the repayment of short-term borrowings under repurchase arrangements. 
 
 Long-Term Debt and Preferred Stock 
 The terms of our debt instruments and associated obligations have been described in our Annual Report. There have been no significant changes to the terms of our outstanding debt, covenant requirements or payment obligations, other than described below and as contemplated under "Recent Developments". 
 2029 Senior Secured Notes 
 In March 2024, we issued 750.0 million of 8.75 senior secured notes in a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act (the 2029 Notes ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year; no principal payments are due until maturity on March 15, 2029. We may redeem the 2029 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity, subject to certain make-whole premiums. 
 The 2029 Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by each domestic subsidiary and foreign subsidiary that is a guarantor under the 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes, and the 2029 Notes are secured by substantially the same collateral as the first lien obligations under the 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes. The 2029 Notes may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares, make certain payments, and sell or transfer certain assets subject to certain conditions and qualifications. The 2029 Notes also provide for customary events of default and prepayment provisions. 
 In connection with the offering of the 2029 Notes, we completed a cash tender offer to repurchase 375.0 million of the outstanding 2025 Notes, for an aggregate repurchase price of 376.9 million. The tender offer was closed and the partial repurchase of the 2025 Notes was completed in the first quarter of 2024. The premium over the repurchase price of 1.9 million was recognized as Loss on extinguishment of debt, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . 
 BNDES Term Loan 
 One of our subsidiaries, the owner of t he Barcarena Power Plant, entered into a credit agreement with BNDES, the Brazilian Development Bank (the "BNDES Credit Agreement"). We are able to borrow up to 355.6 million under the BNDES Credit Agreement, segregated into three tranches based on the use of proceeds ("BNDES Term Loan"). In the first quarter of 2024, we borrowed 284.4 million under the BNDES Credit Agreement. In the third quarter of 2024, we borrowed 60.3 million under the BNDES Credit Agreement. Each tranche bears a different rate of interest ranging from 2.61 to 4.41 plus the fixed rate announced by BNDES. No principal payments are required until April 2026 and are due quarterly thereafter until maturity in 2045. Interest payments prior to April 2026 are made through an increase in the outstanding principal amount and are due quarterly thereafter. 
 The obligations under the BNDES Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain indirect Brazilian subsidiaries that are constructing the Barcarena Power Plant, and are secured by the Barcarena Power Plant and receivables under the Barcarena Power Plant's power purchase agreements. These Brazilian subsidiaries must adhere to customary affirmative and negative 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 covenants, and the BNDES Credit Agreement also provides for customary events of default, prepayment and cure provisions. 
 Proceeds received were used to repay the existing Barcarena Term Loan (defined in the Annual Report) and to pay for all remaining expected construction costs through the planned completion of the Barcarena Power Plant in 2025. In February 2024, we repaid the full outstanding principal balance of the Barcarena Term Loan, fully extinguishing the obligation. No material loss on extinguishment was recognized in conjunction with this repayment. 
 EB-5 Loan Agreement 
 On July 21, 2023, we entered into a loan agreement under the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services EB-5 Program EB-5 Loan Agreement to pay for the development and construction of a new green hydrogen facility in Texas. The maximum aggregate principal amount available under the EB-5 Loan Agreement is 100.0 million, and outstanding borrowings bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.75 . The loan matures in 5 years from the initial advance with an option to extend the maturity by two one-year periods. It is expected that the loan will be secured by our green hydrogen facility, and we have provided a guarantee of the obligations under the EB-5 Loan Agreement. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an additional 37.1 million was funded under the EB-5 Loan Agreement. 
 PortoCem Financings 
 As part of the PortoCem Acquisition, we assumed a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of R 141.4 million 28.1 million based on rates in effect on the acquisition date) due December 2024, bearing interest at a rate equal to the one-day interbank deposit rate in Brazil plus 5.0 (the PortoCem BTG Loan ). Lenders under the PortoCem BTG Loan waived acceleration requirements in the event of a change in control in conjunction with the PortoCem Acquisition, and repayment of the PortoCem BTG Loan was required upon the earlier of PortoCem obtaining additional financing or the original maturity date of December 2024. 
 In April 2024, PortoCem and a syndicate of banks in Brazil entered into a commitment letter for R 2.9 billion of financing. PortoCem received funding under a short term credit note of R 600.0 billion million ("PortoCem Credit Note") from this syndicate that was due in July 2024, and a portion of the proceeds was used to repay the PortoCem BTG Loan. 
 In May 2024, the PortoCem Credit Note was replaced by a bridge financing agreement that allows PortoCem to borrow up to R 2.9 billion due in October 2025 ("PortoCem Bridge Loan"). PortoCem initially borrowed R 1.5 billion 275.3 million based on rates in effect at September 30, 2024), and this initial funding was used to repay the PortoCem Credit Note and to begin the development and construction of the PortoCem Power Plant. The PortoCem Bridge Loan bears interest at the one-day interbank deposit futures rate in Brazil plus 4.25 , and no principal payments are required until maturity in October 2025. 
 The PortoCem Bridge Loan contains usual and customary representations and warranties, and usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants. The PortoCem Bridge Loan does not contain any restrictive financial covenants. 
 Turbine Financing 
 In May 2024, we executed a loan agreement with a lender to borrow 148.5 million million under a promissory note secured by certain of our turbines (the Turbine Financing ). The Turbine Financing bears interest at 10.30 , and the principal is partially repayable in monthly installments over the 36-month term of the loan with the balance due upon maturity in June 2027. 
 The Turbine Financing contains usual and customary representations and warranties, and usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants. The Turbine Financing does not contain any restrictive financial covenants. We were required to pay a deposit of approximately 6.0 million that will be held by the lender throughout the term of the borrowing. 
 Equipment Notes 
 In conjunction with the execution of the APA to sell certain turbines to PREPA in March 2024, we repaid the Equipment Notes in full, releasing any liens held on the turbines prior to their sale. Principal outstanding as of the repayment date was 188.4 million, and we incurred a prepayment premium of 3 . The prepayment premium and any 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 unamortized financing costs of 7.9 million were recognized as Loss on extinguishment of debt, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 Term Loan A 
 In July 2024, we entered into a credit agreement ("Term Loan A Credit Agreement") for a senior secured, multiple draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 700.0 million ("Term Loan A"). Proceeds will be used to pay costs of the construction and development of our onshore FLNG project in Altamira (the Altamira Onshore Project ). The initial and subsequent funding of the Term Loan A was subject to certain conditions, including the condition to the initial funding that initial generation of LNG from the offshore FLNG facility at Altamira ("FLNG1 Project") had been achieved. Such condition was satisfied and initial funding occurred in the third quarter of 2024. The remaining commitments for subsequent funding expire on the earliest of June 30, 2026, the date of completion of the Onshore Altamira Project (the Completion Date and the date that the commitments are reduced to zero or terminated. During the third quarter of 2024, we drew 285.8 million on the Term Loan A. 
 The obligations under the Term Loan A Credit Agreement are guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured basis by each subsidiary that is a guarantor under the 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2029 Notes, our Revolving Facility, our letter of credit facility (the Letter of Credit Facility and our Term Loan B, other than the guarantors comprising the FLNG1 Project (who guarantee the Revolving Facility, the Letter of Credit Facility, and the Term Loan B). The obligations under the Term Loan A Credit Agreement are secured by substantially the same collateral as the collateral securing such facilities, with the exception of the collateral comprising the FLNG1 Project (which secures the Revolving Facility, the Letter of Credit Facility, and the Term Loan B). Additionally, the Term Loan A is guaranteed by the entities, and secured by the assets, comprising the Onshore Altamira Project. An equal priority intercreditor agreement governs the treatment of the collateral. 
 The Term Loan A will mature in July 2027 and is payable in full on maturity date. In the event that the our existing 2025 Notes or 2026 Notes are not refinanced or repaid at least 60 days prior to their respective maturities, amounts outstanding under the Term Loan A will become due and payable on such date. We may prepay the Term Loan A at its option without premium or penalty at any time subject to customary break funding costs. We are required to prepay the Term Loan A with the net proceeds of certain asset sales, condemnations, debt and convertible securities issuances, and extraordinary receipts related to the Onshore Altamira Project. Additionally, commencing with the first fiscal quarter after the Completion Date, we will be required to prepay the Term Loan A with the Onshore Altamira Project s Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Term Loan A Credit Agreement). 
 The Term Loan A will bear interest at a per annum rate equal to Term SOFR plus 3.75 , or at a base rate of 2.75 . The interest rate on the Term Loan A will increase by 0.25 every 180 days beginning in June 2025. 
 The Term Loan A Credit Agreement contains usual and customary representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants for financings of this type, including certain representations and warranties related to the Onshore Altamira Project. The Term Loan A Credit Agreement includes certain other covenants related solely to the Onshore Altamira Project, including limitations on capital expenditures, restrictions on additional accounts, and restrictions on amendments or termination of certain material documents related to the Onshore Altamira Project. We must also comply with certain financial covenants. 
 Debt and lease restrictions 
 We are required to comply with covenants under the Revolving Facility and letter of credit facility, including requirements to maintain Debt to Capitalization Ratio of less than 0.7:1.0, and for quarters in which the Revolving Facility is greater than 50 drawn, the Debt to Annualized EBITDA Ratio must be less than 4.0:1.0. 
 On August 31, 2024, we entered into amendments of certain debt agreements that amend and restate the conditions applicable to the suspension of the maximum Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio for the quarterly covenant tests conducted as of the last day of the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025. The amended agreements also contain a financial covenant that requires a minimum consolidated liquidity of (i) 50.0 million as of the last day of each month, commencing as of October 31, 2024 and (ii) 100.0 million as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, commencing as of December 31, 2024. 
 We were in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2024 . 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 A complete discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates is included in our Annual Report. As of September 30, 2024 , there have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 For descriptions of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 3 to our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 In the normal course of business, we encounter several significant types of market risks including commodity and interest rate risks. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Commodity price risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. Our exposure to market risk associated with LNG price changes may adversely impact our business. We are able to limit our exposure to fluctuations in natural gas prices as our pricing in contracts with downstream customers is largely based on the Henry Hub index price plus a contractual spread . We currently do not have any derivative instruments to mitigate the effect of fluctuations in LNG prices on our operations; however, in the future we may enter into derivative instruments. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2029 Notes, South Power 2029 Bonds, Barcarena Debentures, EB-5 Loan and Turbine Financing (each defined above or in the Annual Report) were issued with a fixed rate of interest, and as such, a change in interest rates would impact the fair value of the debt outstanding but such a change would have no impact on our results of operations or cash flows. A 100-basis point increase or decrease in the market interest rate would decrease or increase the fair value of our fixed rate debt by approximately 65 million. The sensitivity analysis presented is based on certain simplifying assumptions, including instantaneous change in interest rate and parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
 Interest under the Term Loan B, PortoCem Bridge Loan, BNDES Term Loan, and Term Loan A have components based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), one-day interbank deposit rate in Brazil, and BNDES fixed rate, respectively. A 100-basis point increase or decrease in the market interest rates would decrease or increase our annual interest expense by approximately 18 million. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We have transactions, assets and liabilities denominated in Brazilian reais, and our Brazilian subsidiaries and investments receive income and pay expenses in Brazilian reais. Based on our Brazilian reais revenues and expenses, a 10 depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Brazilian reais would not significantly decrease our revenue or expenses. As our operations expand in Brazil, our results of operations will be exposed to changes in fluctuations in the Brazilian real, which may materially impact our results of operations. During 2024 , we entered into a series of foreign exchange forward contracts and zero-cost collar options to reduce exchange rate risk associated with U.S. dollar borrowings and expected capital expenditures. As of September 30, 2024 , the notional amount of outstanding foreign exchange contracts was approximately 299.1 million. 
 Outside of Brazil, our operations are primarily conducted in U.S. dollars, and as such, our results of operations and cash flows have not materially been impacted by fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We currently incur a limited amount of costs in foreign jurisdictions other than Brazil that are paid in local currencies. As we expect our international operations to continue to grow in the near term, w e may enter into derivative or hedging transactions with third parties to manage our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange risks as we expand our international operations. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"), we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024 . Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in various legal and regulatory claims and proceedings relating to claims arising out of our operations and activities in the normal course of business. If we become a party to proceedings in the future, we may be unable to predict with certainty the ultimate outcome of such claims and proceedings. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 An investment in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below. If any of the following risks were to occur, the value of our Class A common stock could be materially adversely affected or our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected and thus indirectly cause the value of our Class A common stock to decline. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial could also materially affect our business and the value of our Class A common stock. As a result of any of these risks, known or unknown, you may lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects include the following : 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Management has concluded that substantial doubt exists related to our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Our ability to implement our business strategy may be materially and adversely affected by many known and unknown factors; 
 We are subject to various construction risks; 
 Operation of our infrastructure, facilities and vessels involves significant risks; 
 We depend on third-party contractors, operators and suppliers; 
 Failure of LNG to be a competitive source of energy in the markets in which we operate, and seek to operate, could adversely affect our expansion strategy; 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and our operations could be adversely affected by actions by governmental entities or changes to regulations and legislation; 
 Failure to obtain and maintain permits, approvals and authorizations from governmental and regulatory agencies and third parties on favorable terms could impede operations and construction; 
 When we invest significant capital to develop a project, we are subject to the risk that the project is not successfully developed and that our customers do not fulfill their payment obligations to us following our capital investment in a project; 
 Failure to maintain sufficient working capital could limit our growth and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 Our ability to generate revenues is substantially dependent on our current and future long-term agreements and the performance by customers under such agreements; 
 Our current lack of asset and geographic diversification could have an adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects; 
 Because we are currently dependent upon a limited number of customers, the loss of a significant customer could adversely affect our operating results; 
 We may not be able to convert our anticipated customer pipeline into binding long-term contracts, and if we fail to convert potential sales into actual sales, we will not generate the revenues and profits we anticipate; 
 Our contracts with our customers are subject to termination under certain circumstances; 
 Competition in the LNG industry is intense, and some of our competitors have greater financial, technological and other resources than we currently possess; 
 Cyclical or other changes in the demand for and price of LNG and natural gas may adversely affect our business and the performance of our customers; 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Our risk management strategies cannot eliminate all LNG price and supply risks. In addition, any non-compliance with our risk management strategies could result in significant financial losses; 
 Any use of hedging arrangements may adversely affect our future operating results or liquidity; 
 We are dependent on third-party LNG suppliers and the development of our own portfolio is subject to various risks and assumptions; 
 LNG that is processed, transported and/or stored on FSRUs and transported via pipeline is subject to risk of loss or damage; 
 We rely on tankers and other vessels outside of our fleet for our LNG transportation and transfer; 
 Hire rates for FSRUs and LNG carriers may fluctuate substantially. If rates are lower when we are seeking a new charter, our earnings may decline; 
 The operation of our vessels is dependent on our ability to deploy our vessels to an NFE terminal or to long-term charters; 
 Vessel values may fluctuate substantially and, if these values are lower at a time when we are attempting to dispose of vessels, we may incur a loss; 
 Maritime claimants could arrest our vessels, which could interrupt our cash flow; 
 We seek to develop innovative and new technologies as part of our strategy that are not yet proven and may not realize the time and cost savings we expect to achieve; 
 Technological innovation may impair the economic attractiveness of our projects; 
 Our Fast LNG technology is not yet proven and we may not be able to implement it as planned or at all; 
 Our data center infrastructure business has no operating history, and it may not be profitable; 
 Our data center business strategy depends on the successful development of our projects and any delays or unexpected costs associated with such projects may harm our growth prospects, future operating results and financial condition; 
 Our data center business model depends upon the demand for data centers; 
 We have incurred, and may in the future incur, a significant amount of debt; 
 Our business is dependent upon obtaining substantial additional funding from various sources, which may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms; 
 We have entered into, and may in the future enter into or modify existing, joint ventures that might restrict our operational and corporate flexibility or require credit support; 
 Existing and future environmental, social, health and safety laws and regulations could result in increased or more stringent compliance requirements, which may be difficult to comply with or result in additional costs and may otherwise lead to significant liabilities and reputational damage; 
 We are subject to numerous governmental export laws, and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations, and anti-corruption laws and regulation;The swaps regulatory and other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules adopted thereunder and other regulations, including EMIR and REMIT, could adversely affect our ability to hedge risks associated with our business and our operating results and cash flows; 
 We may incur impairments to long-lived assets; 
 Weather events or other natural or manmade disasters or phenomena, some of which may be adversely impacted by global climate change, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and projects, as well as on the economies in the markets in which we operate or plan to operate; 
 Our charterers may inadvertently violate applicable sanctions and/or call on ports located in, or engage in transactions with, countries that are subject to restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other governments, which could adversely affect its business; 
 Increasing transportation regulations may increase our costs and negatively impact our results of operations; 
 Our chartered vessels operating in certain jurisdictions, including the United States, now or in the future, may be subject to cabotage laws, including the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, as amended (the Jones Act 
 We may not own the land on which our projects are located and are subject to leases, rights-of-ways, easements and other property rights for our operations; 
 We could be negatively impacted by environmental, social, and governance ESG and sustainability-related matters; 
 Information technology failures and cyberattacks could affect us significantly; 
 Our insurance may be insufficient to cover losses that may occur to our property or result from our operations. 
 Our success depends on key members of our management, the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations; 
 We may experience increased labor costs and regulation, and the unavailability of skilled workers or our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, as well as our ability to comply with such labor laws, could adversely affect us; 
 Our business could be affected adversely by labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages; 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to the Jurisdictions in Which We Operate 
 
 We are subject to the economic, political, social and other conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 Our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected by foreign exchange fluctuations; 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders; 
 A small number of our original investors have the ability to direct a significant amount of our common stock, and their interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders; 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and could deprive our investors of the opportunity to receive a premium for their Class A common stock; 
 Our By-Laws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents; 
 The declaration and payment of dividends to holders of our Class A common stock is at the discretion of our board of directors and we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future; 
 The incurrence or issuance of debt which ranks senior to our Class A common stock upon our liquidation and future issuances of equity or equity-related securities, which would dilute the holdings of our existing Class A common stockholders and may be senior to our Class A common stock for the purposes of making distributions, periodically or upon liquidation, may negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock; 
 We may issue additional preferred stock, the terms of which could adversely affect the voting power or value of our Class A common stock; 
 Sales or issuances of our Class A common stock could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock; 
 An active, liquid and orderly trading market for our Class A common stock may not be maintained and the price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly; 
 General Risks 
 
 We are a holding company and our operational and consolidated financial results are dependent on the results of our subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures and special purpose entities in which we invest ; 
 We may engage in mergers, sales and acquisitions, reorganizations or similar transactions related to our businesses or assets in the future and we may fail to successfully complete such transaction or to realize the expected value; 
 A change in tax laws in any country in which we operate could adversely affect us; 
 We have been and may be involved in legal proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes; 
 If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock; 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our share price could decline; and 
 We are unable to predict the extent to which global pandemics and health crises will negatively affect our operations, financial performance, nor our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. We are also unable to predict how a global pandemic may affect our customers and suppliers. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Management has concluded that substantial doubt exists related to our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 As discussed in note 19 to the financial statements, in the absence of closing the Transactions, our current liquidity and forecasted cash flows from operations will not be sufficient to support the repayment of our 2025 Notes, in full, prior to the Springing Maturity Date. As such, management has concluded that substantial doubt exists related to our ability to continue as a going concern. While management expects all conditions precedent to be achieved and the Transactions to close in the 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 coming weeks, which will alleviate this substantial doubt, there can be no assurance that the we will be successful in closing the Transactions, or that any additional funding would be sufficient to continue operations in future years. 
 Our ability to implement our business strategy may be materially and adversely affected by many known and unknown factors. 
 Our business strategy relies on a variety of factors, including our ability to successfully market LNG, natural gas, steam, and power to our customers, develop and maintain cost-effective logistics in our supply chain and construct, develop and operate energy-related infrastructure in the countries where we operate, and expand our projects and operations to other countries where we do not currently operate, among others. These assumptions are subject to significant economic, competitive, regulatory and operational uncertainties, contingencies and risks, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others: 
 inability to achieve our target costs for the purchase, liquefaction and export of natural gas and/or LNG and our target pricing for long-term contracts; 
 failure to develop strategic relationships; 
 failure to obtain required governmental and regulatory approvals for the construction and operation of these projects and other relevant approvals; 
 unfavorable laws and regulations, changes in laws or unfavorable interpretation or application of laws and regulations; and 
 uncertainty regarding the timing, pace and extent of economic growth in the United States, the other jurisdictions in which we operate and elsewhere, which in turn will likely affect demand for crude oil and natural gas. 
 Furthermore, as part of our business strategy, we target customers who have not been traditional purchasers of natural gas, including customers in developing countries, and these customers may have greater credit risk than typical natural gas purchasers. Therefore, we may be exposed to greater customer credit risk than other companies in the industry. Our credit procedures and policies may be inadequate to sufficiently eliminate risks of nonpayment and nonperformance. 
 Our strategy may evolve over time. Our future ability to execute our business strategy is uncertain, and it can be expected that one or more of our assumptions will prove to be incorrect and that we will face unanticipated events and circumstances that may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to various construction risks. 
 We are involved in the development of complex small, medium and large-scale engineering and construction projects, including our facilities, liquefaction facilities, power plants, and related infrastructure, which are often developed in multiple stages involving commercial and governmental negotiations, site planning, due diligence, permit requests, environmental impact studies, permit applications and review, marine logistics planning and transportation and end-user delivery logistics. In addition to our facilities, these infrastructure projects can include the development and construction of facilities as part of our customer contracts. Projects of this type are subject to a number of risks including, among others: 
 engineering, environmental or geological problems; 
 shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment and supplies; 
 government or regulatory approvals, permits or other authorizations; 
 failure to meet technical specifications or adjustments being required based on testing or commissioning; 
 construction, commissioning or operating accidents that could result in personal injury or loss of life; 
 lack of adequate and qualified personnel to execute the project; 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 weather interference; and 
 potential labor shortages, work stoppages or labor union disputes. 
 Furthermore, because of the nature of our infrastructure, we are dependent on interconnection with transmission systems and other infrastructure projects of third parties, including our customers, and/or governmental entities. Such third-party projects can be greenfield or brownfield projects, including modifications to existing infrastructure or increases in capacity to existing facilities, among others, and are subject to various construction risks and additional operational monitoring and balancing requirements that may impact the design of facilities to be constructed. Delays from such third parties or governmental entities could prevent connection to our projects and generate delays in our ability to develop our own projects. In addition, a primary focus of our business is the development of projects in foreign jurisdictions, including in locations where we have no prior development experience, and we expect to continue expanding into new jurisdictions in the future. These risks can be increased in jurisdictions where legal processes, language differences, cultural expectations, currency exchange requirements, political relations with the U.S. government, changes in the political views and structure, government representatives, new regulations, regulatory reviews, employment laws and diligence requirements can make it more difficult, time-consuming and expensive to develop a project. See Risks Related to the Jurisdictions in Which We Operate We are subject to the economic, political, social and other conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 The occurrence of any one of these factors, whatever the cause, could result in unforeseen delays or cost overruns to our projects. Delays in the development beyond our estimated timelines, or amendments or change orders to our construction contracts, could result in increases to our development costs beyond our original estimates, which could require us to obtain additional financing or funding and could make the project less profitable than originally estimated or possibly not profitable at all. Further, any such delays could cause a delay in our anticipated receipt of revenues, a loss of one or more customers, and our inability to meet milestones or conditions precedents in our customer contracts, which could lead to delay penalties and potentially a termination of agreements with our customers. We have experienced time delays and cost overruns in the construction and development of our projects as a result of the occurrence of various of the above factors, including most recently with our First LNG project in Altamira, Mexico, and no assurance can be given that we will not continue to experience in the future similar events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows and liquidity. 
 Operation of our infrastructure, facilities and vessels involves significant risks. 
 Our existing infrastructure, facilities and vessels and expected future operations and businesses face operational risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 performing below expected levels of efficiency or capacity or required changes to specifications for continued operations; 
 breakdowns or failures of equipment or shortages or delays in the delivery of supplies; 
 operational errors by trucks, including trucking accidents while transporting natural gas, LNG or any other chemical or hazardous substance; 
 risks related to operators and service providers of tankers or tugs used in our operations; 
 operational errors by us or any contracted facility, port or other operator of related third-party infrastructure; 
 failure to maintain the required government or regulatory approvals, permits or other authorizations; 
 accidents, fires, explosions or other events or catastrophes; 
 lack of adequate and qualified personnel; 
 potential labor shortages, work stoppages or labor union disputes; 
 weather-related or natural disaster interruptions of operations; 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 pollution, release of or exposure to toxic substances or environmental contamination affecting operations; 
 inability, or failure, of any counterparty to any facility-related agreements to perform their contractual obligations; 
 decreased demand by our customers; and 
 planned and unplanned power outages or failures to supply due to scheduled or unscheduled maintenance. 
 In particular, we are subject to risks related to the operation of power plants, liquefaction facilities, marine and other LNG operations with respect to our facilities, FSRU and LNG carriers, which operations are complex and technically challenging and subject to mechanical risks and problems. In particular, marine LNG operations are subject to a variety of risks, including, among others, marine disasters, piracy, bad weather, mechanical failures, environmental accidents, epidemics, grounding, fire, explosions and collisions, human error, and war and terrorism. An accident involving our cargos or any of our chartered vessels could result in death or injury to persons, loss of property or environmental damage; delays in the delivery of cargo; loss of revenues; termination of charter contracts; governmental fines, penalties or restrictions on conducting business; higher insurance rates; and damage to our reputation and customer relationships generally. Any of these circumstances or events could increase our costs or lower our revenues. If our chartered vessels suffer damage as a result of such an incident, they may need to be repaired. Repairs and maintenance costs for existing vessels are difficult to predict and may be substantially higher than for vessels we have operated since they were built and result in higher than anticipated operating expenses or require additional capital expenditures. The loss of earnings while these vessels are being repaired would decrease our results of operations. If a vessel we charter were involved in an accident with the potential risk of environmental impacts or contamination, the resulting media coverage could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our business, our results of operations and cash flows and weaken our financial condition. Our offshore operating expenses depend on a variety of factors including crew costs, provisions, deck and engine stores and spares, lubricating oil, insurance, maintenance and repairs and shipyard costs, many of which are beyond our control. Other factors, such as increased cost of qualified and experienced seafaring crew and changes in regulatory requirements, could also increase operating expenditures. Future increases to operational costs are likely to occur. If costs rise, they could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, operational problems may lead to loss of revenue or higher than anticipated operating expenses or require additional capital expenditures. Any of these results could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We cannot assure you that future occurrences of any of the events listed above or any other events of a similar or dissimilar nature would not significantly decrease or eliminate the revenues from, or significantly increase the costs of operating, our facilities or assets. 
 We depend on third-party contractors, operators and suppliers. 
 We rely on third-party contractors, equipment manufacturers, suppliers and operators for the development, construction and operation of our projects and assets. We have not yet entered into binding contracts for the construction, development and operation of all of our facilities and assets, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into the contracts required on commercially favorable terms, if at all, which could expose us to fluctuations in pricing and potential changes to our planned schedule. If we are unable to enter into favorable contracts, we may not be able to construct and operate these assets as expected, or at all. Furthermore, these agreements are the result of arms-length negotiations and subject to change. There can be no assurance that contractors and suppliers will perform their obligations successfully under their agreements with us. If any contractor is unable or unwilling to perform according to the negotiated terms and timetable of its respective agreement for any reason or terminates its agreement for any reason, we would be required to engage a substitute contractor, which could be particularly difficult in certain of the markets in which we plan to operate. Although some agreements may provide for liquidated damages if the contractor or supplier fails to perform in the manner required with respect to its obligations, the events that trigger such liquidated damages may delay or impair the completion or operation of the facility, and any liquidated damages that we receive may be delayed or insufficient to cover the damages that we suffer as a result of any such delay or impairment, including, among others, any covenants or obligations by us to pay liquidated damages or penalties under our agreements with our customers, development services, the supply of natural gas, LNG or steam and the supply of power, as well as increased expenses or reduced revenue. Such liquidated damages may also be subject to caps on liability, and we may not have full indemnification from our contractors to compensate us for such payments and other consequences. We may hire contractors to perform work in jurisdictions where they do not have previous experience, or contractors we have not previously hired to perform work in jurisdictions we are beginning to develop, which may lead to such contractors being unable to perform according to their respective agreements. Furthermore, we may have disagreements with our contractors about different elements of the construction 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 process, which could lead to the assertion of rights and remedies under their contracts and increase the cost of the applicable facility or result in a contractor s unwillingness to perform further work. If we are unable to construct and commission our facilities and assets as expected, or, when and if constructed, they do not accomplish our goals or performance expectations, or if we experience delays or cost overruns in design, construction, commissioning or operation, our business, operating results, cash flows and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Failure of LNG to be a competitive source of energy in the markets in which we operate, and seek to operate, could adversely affect our expansion strategy. 
 Our operations are, and will be, dependent upon LNG being a competitive source of energy in the markets in which we operate. In the United States, due mainly to a historic abundant supply of natural gas and discoveries of substantial quantities of unconventional or shale natural gas, imported LNG has not developed into a significant energy source. The success of the domestic liquefaction component of our business plan is dependent, in part, on the extent to which natural gas can, for significant periods and in significant volumes, be produced in the United States at a lower cost than the cost to produce some domestic supplies of other alternative energy sources, and that it can be transported at reasonable rates through appropriately scaled infrastructure. LNG prices have increased materially in the past, including in August 2021 through the end of 2022, and global events, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and global inflationary pressures, have generated further energy pricing volatility, which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on market pricing of LNG and global demand for our products, as well as our ability to remain competitive in the markets in which we operate. Potential expansion in the Caribbean, Latin America and other parts of the world where we may operate is primarily dependent upon LNG being a competitive source of energy in those geographical locations. For example, in the Caribbean, due mainly to a lack of regasification infrastructure and an underdeveloped international market for natural gas, natural gas has not yet developed into a significant energy source. In Brazil, hydroelectric power generation is the predominant source of electricity and LNG is one of several other energy sources used to supplement hydroelectric generation. The success of our operations is dependent, in part, on the extent to which LNG can, for significant periods and in significant volumes, be produced internationally and delivered to our customers at a lower cost than the cost to deliver other alternative energy sources. 
 Political instability in foreign countries that export LNG, or strained relations between such countries and countries in the Caribbean and Latin America, may also impede the willingness or ability of LNG suppliers and merchants in such countries to export LNG to the Caribbean, Latin America and other countries where we operate or seek to operate. Furthermore, some foreign suppliers of LNG may have economic or other reasons to direct their LNG to other markets or from or to our competitors LNG facilities. Natural gas also competes with other sources of energy, including coal, oil, nuclear, hydrogen, hydroelectric, wind and solar energy, which may become available at a lower cost in certain markets. As a result of these and other factors, natural gas may not be a competitive source of energy in the markets we intend to serve or elsewhere. The failure of natural gas to be a competitive supply alternative to oil and other alternative energy sources could adversely affect our ability to deliver LNG or natural gas to our customers on a commercial basis, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, ability to realize benefits from future projects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and prospects. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and our operations could be adversely affected by actions by governmental entities or changes to regulations and legislation 
 Our business is highly regulated and subject to numerous governmental laws, rules, regulations and requires permits, authorizations and various governmental and agency approvals, in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, that impose various restrictions and obligations that may have material effects on our business and results of operations. Each of the applicable regulatory requirements and limitations is subject to change, either through new regulations enacted on the federal, state or local level, or by new or modified regulations that may be implemented under existing law. The nature and extent of any changes in these laws, rules, regulations and permits may be unpredictable, have retroactive effects, and may have material effects on our business. Future legislation and regulations or changes in existing legislation and regulations, or interpretations thereof, such as those relating to power, natural gas or LNG operations, including exploration, development and production activities, liquefaction, regasification or transportation of our products, could cause additional expenditures, restrictions and delays in connection with our operations as well as other future projects, the extent of which cannot be predicted and which may require us to limit substantially, delay or cease operations in some circumstances. 
 In addition, these rules and regulations are assessed, managed, administered and enforced by various governmental agencies and bodies, whose actions and decisions could adversely affect our business or operations. In the United States 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 and Puerto Rico, approvals of the Department of Energy DOE under Section 3 of the NGA, as well as several other material governmental and regulatory permits, approvals and authorizations, including under the CAA and the CWA and their state analogues, may be required in order to construct and operate an LNG facility and export LNG. Permits, approvals and authorizations obtained from the DOE and other federal and state regulatory agencies also contain ongoing conditions, and additional requirements may be imposed. For example, in February 2024, the Biden Administration announced a temporary pause on pending approvals of LNG exports to non-FTA countries. While the duration of the pause remains unclear, any restrictions on or delays in approving natural gas exports could negatively impact our business in the future. Certain federal permitting processes may trigger the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act NEPA ), which requires federal agencies to evaluate major agency actions that have the potential to significantly impact the environment. Compliance with NEPA may extend the time and/or increase the costs for obtaining necessary governmental approvals associated with our operations and create independent risk of legal challenges to the adequacy of the NEPA analysis, which could result in delays that may adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and profitability. On July 15, 2020, the White House Council on Environmental Quality issued a final rule revising its NEPA regulations. The Council on Environmental Quality has announced that it is engaged in an ongoing and comprehensive review of the revised regulations and is assessing whether and how the Council may ultimately undertake a new rulemaking to revise the regulations. The impacts of any such future revisions that may be adopted are uncertain and indeterminable for the foreseeable future. On June 18, 2020, we received an order from FERC, which asked us to explain why our San Juan Facility is not subject to FERC s jurisdiction under section 3 of the NGA. On March 19, 2021, as upheld on rehearing on July 15, 2021, FERC determined that our San Juan Facility is subject to its jurisdiction and directed us to file an application for authorization to operate the San Juan Facility but also found that allowing operation of the San Juan Facility to continue during the pendency of an application is in the public interest. In order to comply with the FERC s directive, on September 15, 2021, we filed an application for authorization to operate the San Juan Facility, which remains pending. 
 We may not comply with each of these requirements in the future, or at all times, including any changes to such laws and regulations or their interpretation. The failure to satisfy any applicable legal requirements may result in the suspension of our operations, the imposition of fines and/or remedial measures, suspension or termination of permits or other authorization, as well as potential administrative, civil and criminal penalties, which may significantly increase compliance costs and the need for additional capital expenditures. 
 Failure to obtain and maintain permits, approvals and authorizations from governmental and regulatory agencies and third parties on favorable terms could impede operations and construction. 
 The design, construction and operation of our infrastructure, facilities and businesses, including our FSRUs, FLNG units and LNG carriers, the import and export of LNG, exploration and development activities, and the transportation of natural gas, among others, are highly regulated activities at the national, state and local levels and are subject to various approvals and permits. The process to obtain the permits, approvals and authorizations we need to conduct our business, and the interpretations of those rules, is complex, time-consuming, challenging and varies in each jurisdiction in which we operate. We may be unable to obtain such approvals on terms that are satisfactory for our operations and on a timeline that meets our commercial obligations. Many of these permits, approvals and authorizations require public notice and comment before they can be issued, which can lead to delays to respond to such comments, and even potentially to revise the permit application. Jurisdiction-specific employment, labor, and subcontracting laws may also affect contracting strategies and impact construction and operations. We may also be (and have been in select circumstances) subject to local opposition, including citizens groups or non-governmental organizations such as environmental groups, which may create delays and challenges in our permitting process and may attract negative publicity, which may create an adverse impact on our reputation. In addition, such rules change frequently and are often subject to discretionary interpretations, including administrative and judicial challenges by regulators, all of which may make compliance more difficult and may increase the length of time it takes to receive regulatory approval for our operations, particularly in countries where we operate, such as Mexico and Brazil. For example, in Mexico, we have obtained substantially all permits but are awaiting final approvals for our power plant and permits necessary to operate our terminal. In connection with our application to the U.S. Maritime Administration ("MARAD") related to our FLNG project off the coast of Louisiana (as discussed further below), MARAD announced it had initially paused the statutory 356-day application review timeline on August 16, 2022 pending receipt of additional information, and restarted the timeline on October 28, 2022. MARAD issued a second stop notice on November 23, 2022 and on December 22, 2022, MARAD issued a third data request for supplemental information. Following review of NFE's response to the December 2022 data requests, MARAD extended the stop-clock on February 21, 2023 pending clarification of responses and receipt of additional information. In addition, j urisdiction-specific employment, labor, and subcontracting laws may also affect contracting strategies and impact construction and operations. No assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain approval of this application and receive the required permits, 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 approvals and authorizations from governmental and regulatory agencies related to our project on a timely basis or at all. We intend to apply for updated permits for the Pennsylvania Facility with the aim of obtaining these permits to coincide with the commencement of construction activities. We cannot make any assurance as to if or when we will receive these permits, which are needed prior to commencing certain construction activities related to the facility. Any administrative and judicial challenges can delay and protract the process for obtaining and implementing permits and can also add significant costs and uncertainty. We cannot control the outcome of any review or approval process, including whether or when any such permits and authorizations will be obtained, the terms of their issuance, or possible appeals or other potential interventions by third parties that could interfere with our ability to obtain and maintain such permits and authorizations or the terms thereof. Furthermore, we are developing new technologies and operate in jurisdictions that may lack mature legal and regulatory systems and may experience legal instability, which may be subject to regulatory and legal challenges, instability or clarity of application of laws, rules and regulations to our business and new technology, which can result in difficulties and instability in obtaining or securing required permits or authorizations. There is no assurance that we will obtain and maintain these permits and authorizations on favorable terms, or that we will be able to obtain them on a timely basis, and we may not be able to complete our projects, start or continue our operations, recover our investment in our projects and may be subject to financial penalties or termination under our customer and other agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 
 When we invest significant capital to develop a project, we are subject to the risk that the project is not successfully developed and that our customers do not fulfill their payment obligations to us following our capital investment in a project. 
 A key part of our business strategy is to attract new customers by agreeing to finance and develop new facilities, power plants, liquefaction facilities and related infrastructure in order to win new customer contracts for the supply of natural gas, LNG, steam or power. We intend to employ a similar strategy for our Klondike business. This strategy requires us to invest capital and time to develop a project in exchange for the ability to sell our products and generate fees from customers in the future. When we develop these projects, our required capital expenditure may be significant, and we typically do not generate meaningful fees from customers until the project has commenced commercial operations, which may take a year or more to achieve. If the project is not successfully developed for any reason, we face the risk of not recovering some or all of our invested capital, which may be significant. If the project is successfully developed, we face the risks that our customers may not fulfill their payment obligations or may not fulfill other performance obligations that impact our ability to collect payment. Our customer contracts and development agreements do not fully protect us against this risk and, in some instances, may not provide any meaningful protection from this risk. This risk is heightened in foreign jurisdictions, particularly if our counterparty is a government or government-related entity because any attempt to enforce our contractual or other rights may involve long and costly litigation where the ultimate outcome is uncertain. If we invest capital in a project where we do not receive the payments we expect, we will have less capital to invest in other projects, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, and we could face the inability to comply with the terms of our existing debt or other agreements, which would exacerbate these adverse effects. 
 Failure to maintain sufficient working capital could limit our growth and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have significant working capital requirements, primarily driven by the time difference between the time when we incur costs to build and/or purchase our Facilities and other projects and the time in which we receive revenues from customers after such Facilities and other projects are complete. We also experience timing date differences between the date we pay for natural gas and the payment dates we offer our customers. Differences between the date when we pay our suppliers and the date when we receive payments from our customers may adversely affect our liquidity and our cash flows. We expect our working capital needs to increase as our total business increases. If we do not have sufficient working capital, we may not be able to pursue our growth strategy, respond to competitive pressures or fund key strategic initiatives, such as the development of our facilities, which may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to generate revenues is substantially dependent on our current and future long-term agreements and the performance by customers under such agreements. 
 Our business strategy relies upon our ability to successfully market our products to our existing and new customers and enter into or replace our long-term supply and services agreements for the sale of natural gas, LNG, steam and power. If we contract with our customers on short-term contracts, our pricing can be subject to more fluctuations and less favorable terms, and our earnings are likely to become more volatile. An increasing emphasis on the short-term or spot 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 LNG market may in the future require us to enter into contracts based on variable market prices, as opposed to contracts based on a fixed rate, which could result in a decrease in our cash flow in periods when the market price for shipping LNG is depressed or insufficient funds are available to cover our financing costs for related vessels. Our ability to generate cash is dependent on these customers continued willingness and ability to continue purchasing our products and services and to perform their obligations under their respective contracts. Their obligations may include certain nomination or operational responsibilities, construction or maintenance of their own facilities which are necessary to enable us to deliver and sell natural gas or LNG, and compliance with certain contractual representations and warranties. Further, adverse economic conditions in our industry increase the risk of nonpayment and nonperformance by customers, particularly customers that have sub-investment grade credit ratings. For example, JPS and SJPC, which are public utility companies in Jamaica, could be subject to austerity measures imposed on Jamaica by the International Monetary Fund (the IMF and other international lending organizations. Jamaica is currently subject to certain public spending limitations imposed by agreements with the IMF, and any changes under these agreements could limit JPS s and SJPC s ability to make payments under their long-term GSAs and, in the case of JPS, its ability to make payments under its PPA, with us. In addition, PREPA is currently subject to bankruptcy proceedings pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. As a result, PREPA s ability to meet its payment obligations under its contracts will be largely dependent upon funding from federal sources. Specifically, PREPA s contracting practices in connection with restoration and repair of PREPA s electrical grid in Puerto Rico, and the terms of certain of those contracts, have been subject to comment and are the subject of review and hearings by U.S. federal and Puerto Rican governmental entities. Certain of our subsidiaries are counterparties to contracts with governmental entities, including PREPA. Although these contracts require payment and performance of certain obligations, we remain subject to the statutory limitations on enforcement of those contractual provisions that protect these governmental entities. In the event that PREPA or any applicable governmental counterparty does not have or does not obtain the funds necessary to satisfy their obligations to us under our agreements, or if they terminate our agreements prior to the end of the agreed term, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. If any of these customers fails to perform its obligations under its contract for the reasons listed above or for any other reason, our ability to provide products or services and our ability to collect payment could be negatively impacted, which could materially adversely affect our operating results, cash flow and liquidity, even if we were ultimately successful in seeking damages from such customer for a breach of contract. 
 Our current lack of asset and geographic diversification could have an adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 Our results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include our Montego Bay Facility, Old Harbour Facility, San Juan Facility, certain industrial end-users and our Miami Facility. In addition, we placed a portion of our La Paz Facility into service in the fourth quarter of 2021, and our revenue and results of operations have begun to be impacted by operations in Mexico, including agreements with certain power generation facilities in Baja California Sur. Our results for the first half of 2024 exclude other developments, including our Puerto Sandino Facility, the Barcarena Facility, Santa Catarina Facility and Ireland Facility. Jamaica, Mexico and Puerto Rico have historically experienced economic volatility and the general condition and performance of their economies, over which we have no control, may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Jamaica, Mexico and Puerto Rico are subject to acts of terrorism or sabotage and natural disasters, in particular hurricanes, extreme weather conditions, crime and similar other risks which may negatively impact our operations in the region. See Risks Related to the Jurisdictions in Which We Operate We are subject to the economic, political, social and other conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We may also be affected by trade restrictions, such as tariffs or other trade controls. Additionally, tourism is a significant driver of economic activity in these geographies and directly and indirectly affects local demand for our LNG and therefore our results of operations. Trends in tourism in these geographies are primarily driven by the economic condition of the tourists home country or territory, the condition of their destination, and the availability, affordability and desirability of air travel and cruises. Additionally, unexpected factors could reduce tourism at any time, including local or global economic recessions, terrorism, travel restrictions, pandemics, severe weather or natural disasters. Due to our current lack of asset and geographic diversification, an adverse development at our operating facilities, in the energy industry or in the economic conditions in these geographies, would have a significantly greater impact on our financial condition and operating results than if we maintained more diverse assets and operating areas. 
 Because we are currently dependent upon a limited number of customers, the loss of a significant customer could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our current results of operations and liquidity are, and will continue to be in the near future, substantially dependent upon a limited number of customers, including JPS, SJPC, CFE and PREPA, which have each entered into long-term GSAs and, in the case of JPS, a PPA in relation to the power produced at the CHP Plant, with us, and Jamalco, which has 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 entered into a long-term SSA with us, and which represent a substantial majority of our income. Our operating results are currently contingent on our ability to maintain LNG, natural gas, steam and power sales to these customers. Our near-term ability to generate cash is dependent on these customers continued willingness and ability to continue purchasing our products and services and to perform their obligations under their respective contracts. The loss of any of these customers or the early termination of any of these contracts could have an adverse effect on our revenues and we may not be able to enter into a replacement agreement on terms as favorable as the terminated agreement. We may be unable to accomplish our business plan to diversify and expand our customer base by attracting a broad array of customers, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to convert our anticipated customer pipeline into binding long-term contracts, and if we fail to convert potential sales into actual sales, we will not generate the revenues and profits we anticipate. 
 We are actively pursuing a significant number of new contracts for the sale of LNG, natural gas, steam, and power with multiple counterparties in multiple jurisdictions. Counterparties commemorate their purchasing commitments for these products in various degrees of formality ranging from traditional contracts to less formal arrangements, including non-binding letters of intent, non-binding memorandums of understanding, non-binding term sheets and responses to requests for proposals with potential customers. These agreements and any award following a request for proposals are subject to negotiating final definitive documents. The negotiation process may cause us or our potential counterparty to adjust the material terms of the agreement, including the price, term, schedule and any related development obligations. We cannot assure you if or when we will enter into binding definitive agreements for transactions initially described in non-binding agreements, and the terms of our binding agreements may differ materially from the terms of the related non-binding agreements. In addition, the effectiveness of our binding agreements can be subject to a number of conditions precedent that may not materialize, rendering such agreements non-effective. Moreover, while certain of our long-term contracts contain minimum volume commitments, our expected sales to customers under existing contracts may be substantially in excess of such minimum volume commitments. Our near-term ability to generate cash is dependent on these customers continued willingness and ability to nominate in excess of such minimum quantities and to perform their obligations under their respective contracts. Given the variety of sales processes and counterparty acknowledgments of the volumes they will purchase, we sometimes identify potential sales volumes as being either Committed or In Discussion. Committed volumes generally refer to the volumes that management expects to be sold under binding contracts or awards under requests for proposals. In Discussion volumes generally refer to volumes related to potential customers that management is actively negotiating, responding to a request for proposals, or with respect to which management anticipates a request for proposals or competitive bid process to be announced based on discussions with potential customers. Management s estimations of Committed and In Discussion volumes may prove to be incorrect. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that Committed or In Discussion volumes will result in actual sales, and such volumes should not be used to predict the Company s future results. We may never sign a binding agreement to sell our products to the counterparty, or we may sell much less volume than we estimate, which could result in our inability to generate the revenues and profits we anticipate, having a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our contracts with our customers are subject to termination under certain circumstances. 
 Our contracts with our customers contain various termination rights. For example, each of our long-term customer contracts, including the contracts with JPS, SJPC, Jamalco and PREPA, contain various termination rights allowing our customers to terminate the contract, including, without limitation: 
 upon the occurrence of certain events of force majeure; 
 if we fail to make available specified scheduled cargo quantities; 
 the occurrence of certain uncured payment defaults; 
 the occurrence of an insolvency event; 
 the occurrence of certain uncured, material breaches; and 
 In addition, we have short-term customer contracts with renewal rights which the customer may choose not to renew. We may not be able to replace these contracts on desirable terms, or at all, if they are terminated. Contracts that we enter into in the future may contain similar provisions. If any of our current or future contracts are terminated, such termination 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity and prospects. 
 Competition in the LNG industry is intense, and some of our competitors have greater financial, technological and other resources than we currently possess. 
 A substantial majority of our revenue is dependent upon our LNG sales to third parties. We operate in the highly competitive industry for LNG and face intense competition from independent, technology-driven companies as well as from both major and other independent oil and natural gas companies and utilities, in the various markets in which we operate and many of which have been in operation longer than us. Various factors relating to competition may prevent us from entering into new or replacement customer contracts on economically comparable terms to existing customer contracts, or at all, including, among others: 
 increases in worldwide LNG production capacity and availability of LNG for market supply; 
 increases in demand for natural gas but at levels below those required to maintain current price equilibrium with respect to supply; 
 increases in the cost to supply natural gas feedstock to our liquefaction projects; 
 increases in the cost to supply LNG feedstock to our facilities; 
 decreases in the cost of competing sources of natural gas, LNG or alternate fuels such as coal, HFO and ADO; 
 decreases in the price of LNG; and 
 displacement of LNG or fossil fuels more broadly by alternate fuels or energy sources or technologies (including but not limited to nuclear, wind, hydrogen,solar, biofuels and batteries) in locations where access to these energy sources is not currently available or prevalent. 
 In addition, we may not be able to successfully execute on our strategy to supply our existing and future customers with LNG produced primarily at our own liquefaction facilities upon completion of the Pennsylvania Facility or through our Fast LNG solution. Various competitors have and are developing LNG facilities in other markets, which will compete with our LNG facilities, including our Fast LNG solution. Some of these competitors have longer operating histories, more development experience, greater name recognition, larger staffs, larger and more versatile fleets, and substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we currently possess. We also face competition for the contractors needed to build our facilities and skilled employees. See We may experience increased labor costs and regulation, and the unavailability of skilled workers or our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, as well as our ability to comply with such labor laws, could adversely affect us. The superior resources that some of these competitors have available for deployment could allow them to compete successfully against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, ability to realize benefits from future projects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and prospects. We anticipate that an increasing number of offshore transportation companies, including many with strong reputations and extensive resources and experience will enter the LNG transportation market and the FSRU market. This increased competition may cause greater price competition for our products. As a result of these factors, we may be unable to expand our relationships with existing customers or to obtain new customers on a favorable basis, if at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Cyclical or other changes in the demand for and price of LNG and natural gas may adversely affect our business and the performance of our customers. 
 Our business and the development of energy-related infrastructure and projects generally is based on assumptions about the future availability and price of natural gas and LNG and the prospects for international natural gas and LNG markets. Natural gas and LNG prices have at various times been and may become volatile due to one or more of the following factors: 
 additions to competitive regasification capacity in North America, Brazil, Europe, Asia and other markets, which could divert LNG or natural gas from our business; 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 imposition of tariffs by China or any other jurisdiction on imports of LNG from the United States; 
 insufficient or oversupply of natural gas liquefaction or export capacity worldwide; 
 insufficient LNG tanker capacity; 
 weather conditions and natural disasters; 
 reduced demand and lower prices for natural gas; 
 increased natural gas production deliverable by pipelines, which could suppress demand for LNG; 
 decreased oil and natural gas exploration activities, including shut-ins and possible proration, which may decrease the production of natural gas; 
 cost improvements that allow competitors to offer LNG regasification services at reduced prices; 
 changes in supplies of, and prices for, alternative energy sources, such as coal, oil, nuclear, hydroelectric, wind and solar energy, which may reduce the demand for natural gas; 
 changes in regulatory, tax or other governmental policies regarding imported or exported LNG, natural gas or alternative energy sources, which may reduce the demand for imported or exported LNG and/or natural gas; 
 political conditions in natural gas producing regions; 
 adverse relative demand for LNG compared to other markets, which may decrease LNG imports into or exports from North America; and 
 cyclical trends in general business and economic conditions that cause changes in the demand for natural gas. 
 Adverse trends or developments affecting any of these factors, including the timing of the impact of these factors in relation to our purchases and sales of natural gas and LNG could result in increases in the prices we have to pay for natural gas or LNG, which could materially and adversely affect the performance of our customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity and prospects. Certain actions by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") related to the supply of oil in the market have caused volatility and disruption in the price of oil which may negatively impact our potential customers willingness or ability to enter into new contracts for the purchase of natural gas. Additionally, in situations where our supply chain has capacity constraints and as a result we are unable to receive all volumes under our long-term LNG supply agreements, our supplier may sell volumes of LNG in a mitigation sale to third parties. In these cases, the factors above may impact the price and amount we receive under mitigation sales and we may incur losses that would have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Conversely, as in recent years, market conditions may increase LNG values to historically high levels. These elevated market values increase the economic incentives an LNG seller has to fail to deliver LNG cargos to us if they can sell the same LNG cargos at a higher price to another buyer in the market after giving effect to any contractual penalties the seller would owe to us for failing to deliver. Our contracts may not require an LNG seller to compensate us for the full current market value of an LNG cargo that we have purchased, and if so, we may not be contractually entitled to receive full economic indemnification upon an LNG seller s failure to deliver an LNG cargo to us. Recently, the LNG industry has experienced increased volatility. If market disruptions and bankruptcies of third-party LNG suppliers and shippers negatively impacts our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of LNG or significantly increases our costs for purchasing LNG, our business, operating results, cash flows and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance we will achieve our target cost or pricing goals. In particular, because we have not currently procured fixed-price, long-term LNG supply to meet all future customer demand, increases in LNG prices and/or shortages of LNG supply could adversely affect our profitability. Our actual costs and any profit realized on the sale of our LNG may vary from the estimated amounts on which our contracts for feedgas were originally based. There is inherent risk in the estimation process, including significant changes in the demand for and price of LNG as a result of the factors listed above, many of which are outside of our control. If LNG were to become unavailable for current or future volumes of natural gas due to repairs or damage to supplier facilities or tankers, lack of capacity, impediments to international shipping or any other reason, our ability to continue delivering natural gas, power or steam to end-users could be restricted, thereby reducing our revenues. Any permanent interruption at any key LNG supply chains 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 that caused a material reduction in volumes transported on or to our tankers and facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 Our risk management strategies cannot eliminate all LNG price and supply risks. In addition, any non-compliance with our risk management strategies could result in significant financial losses. 
 Our strategy is to maintain a manageable balance between LNG purchases, on the one hand, and sales or future delivery obligations, on the other hand. Through these transactions, we seek to earn a margin for the LNG purchased by selling LNG for physical delivery to third-party users, such as public utilities, shipping/marine cargo companies, industrial users, railroads, trucking fleets and other potential end-users converting from traditional ADO or oil fuel to natural gas. These strategies cannot, however, eliminate all price risks. For example, any event that disrupts our anticipated supply chain could expose us to risk of loss resulting from price changes if we are required to obtain alternative supplies to cover these transactions. We are also exposed to basis risks when LNG is purchased against one pricing index and sold against a different index. Moreover, we are also exposed to other risks, including price risks on LNG we own, which must be maintained in order to facilitate transportation of the LNG to our customers or to our facilities. If we were to incur a material loss related to commodity price risks, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Any use of hedging arrangements may adversely affect our future operating results or liquidity. 
 To reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price, volume and timing risk associated with the purchase of natural gas, we have entered and may in the future enter into futures, swaps and option contracts traded or cleared on the Intercontinental Exchange and the New York Mercantile Exchange or over-the-counter OTC options and swaps with other natural gas merchants and financial institutions. Hedging arrangements would expose us to risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including when expected supply is less than the amount hedged, the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults on its contractual obligations, or there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the hedging agreement and actual prices received. The use of derivatives also may require the posting of cash collateral with counterparties, which can impact working capital when commodity prices change. 
 We are dependent on third-party LNG suppliers and the development of our own portfolio is subject to various risks and assumptions. 
 Under our GSAs, PPAs, capacity reservation agreements and SSAs, we are required to deliver to our customers specified amounts of LNG, natural gas, power and steam, respectively, at specified times and within certain specifications, all of which requires us to obtain sufficient amounts of LNG from third-party LNG suppliers or our own portfolio. We may not be able to purchase or receive physical delivery of sufficient quantities of LNG to satisfy those delivery obligations, which may provide a counterparty with the right to terminate its GSA, PPA, capacity reservation agreement or SSA, as applicable, or subject us to remedial obligations under those agreements. While we have entered into supply agreements for the purchase of LNG between 2024 and 2047, we may need to purchase significant additional LNG volumes to meet our delivery obligations to our downstream customers. Price fluctuations in natural gas and LNG may make it expensive or uneconomical for us to acquire adequate supply of these items or to sell our inventory of natural gas or LNG at attractive prices. Failure to secure contracts for the purchase of a sufficient amount of LNG or at favorable prices could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flows and liquidity. 
 The development of our own portfolio of LNG is subject to various risks and assumptions. In particular, the estimation of proved gas reserves involves subjective judgements and determinations based on available geological, technical, contractual, and economic information. Estimates can change over time because of new information from production or drilling activities, changes in economic factors, such as oil and gas prices, alterations in the regulatory policies of host governments, or other events. Estimates also change to reflect acquisitions, divestments, new discoveries, extensions of existing fields and mines, and improved recovery techniques. Published proved gas reserves estimates could also be subject to correction because of errors in the application of rules and changes in guidance. Downward adjustments could indicate lower future production volumes and could also lead to impairment of assets. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows and liquidity. 
 Additionally, we are dependent upon third-party LNG suppliers and shippers and other tankers and facilities to provide delivery options to and from our tankers and energy-related infrastructure. If any third parties were to default on their obligations under our contracts or seek bankruptcy protection, we may not be able to replace such contracts or purchase LNG on the spot market or receive a sufficient quantity of LNG in order to satisfy our delivery obligations under our 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 GSAs, PPAs, capacity reservation agreements and SSAs or at favorable terms. Under tanker charters, we are obligated to make payments for our chartered tankers regardless of use. We may not be able to enter into contracts with purchasers of LNG in quantities equivalent to or greater than the amount of tanker capacity we have purchased, as our vessels may be too small for those obligations. Any such failure to purchase or receive delivery of LNG or natural gas in sufficient quantities could result in our failure to satisfy our obligations to our customers, which could lead to losses, penalties, indemnification and potentially a termination of agreements with our customers. Furthermore, we may seek to litigate any such breaches by our third-party LNG suppliers and shippers. Such legal proceedings may involve claims for substantial amounts of money and we may not be successful in pursing such claims. Even if we are successful, any litigation may be costly and time-consuming. If any such proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, we may not be able to recover our losses (including lost profits) or any damages sustained from our agreements with our customers. See General Risks We are and may be involved in legal proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes. These actions could also expose us to adverse publicity, which might adversely affect our reputation and therefore, our results of operations. Further, it could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows and liquidity, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our liquidity to make payments on our debt or comply with our financial ratios and other covenants. See We have incurred, and may in the future incur, a significant amount of debt. 
 LNG that is processed, transported and/or stored on FSRUs and transported via pipeline is subject to risk of loss or damage. 
 LNG processed, transported and stored on FSRUs may be subject to loss or damage resulting from equipment malfunction, faulty handling, cargo ageing or otherwise. Where we have chartered in, but subsequently not outchartered an FSRU, which in turn results in our being unable to transfer risk of loss or damage, we could bear the risk of loss or damage to all those volumes of LNG for the period of time during which those applicable volumes of LNG are stored on an FSRU or are dispatched to a pipeline. Any such disruption to the supply of LNG and natural gas may lead to delays, disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at our facilities, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on tankers and other vessels outside of our fleet for our LNG transportation and transfer. 
 In addition to our own fleet of vessels, we rely on third-party ocean-going tankers and freight carriers (for ISO containers) for the transportation of LNG and use ship-to-ship kits to transfer LNG between ships. We may not be able to successfully enter into contracts or renew existing contracts to charter tankers on favorable terms or at all, which may result in us not being able to meet our obligations. Our ability to enter into contracts or renew existing contracts will depend on prevailing market conditions upon expiration of the contracts governing the leasing or charter of the applicable assets. Therefore, we may be exposed to increased volatility in terms of charter rates and contract provisions. Fluctuations in charter rates result from changes in the supply of LNG tankers and demand for capacity and changes in the demand for seaborne carriage of commodities. Because the factors affecting the supply and demand are outside of our control and are highly unpredictable, the nature, timing, direction and degree of changes in industry conditions are also unpredictable. Likewise, our counterparties may seek to terminate or renegotiate their charters or leases with us. If we are not able to renew or obtain new charters or leases in direct continuation, or if new charters or leases are entered into at rates substantially above the existing rates or on terms otherwise less favorable compared to existing contractual terms, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, our ability to provide services to our customers could be adversely impacted by shifts in tanker market dynamics, shortages in available cargo carrying capacity, changes in policies and practices such as scheduling, pricing, routes of service and frequency of service, or increases in the cost of fuel, taxes and labor, emissions standards, maritime regulatory changes, sanctions and other factors not within our control. The availability of the tankers could be delayed to the detriment of our LNG business and our customers because the construction and delivery of LNG tankers require significant capital and long construction lead times. Changes in ocean freight capacity, which are outside our control, could negatively impact our ability to provide natural gas if LNG shipping capacity is adversely impacted and LNG transportation costs increase because we may bear the risk of such increases and may not be able to pass these increases on to our customers. 
 The operation of ocean-going tankers and kits carries inherent risks. These risks include the possibility of natural disasters; mechanical failures; grounding, fire, explosions and collisions; piracy; human error; epidemics; and war and terrorism. We do not currently maintain a redundant supply of ships, ship-to-ship kits or other equipment. As a result, if our current equipment fails, is unavailable or insufficient to service our LNG purchases, production, or delivery commitments we may need to procure new equipment, which may not be readily available or be expensive to obtain. Any such 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 occurrence could delay the start of operations of facilities we intend to commission, interrupt our existing operations and increase our operating costs. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Hire rates for FSRUs and LNG carriers may fluctuate substantially. If rates are lower when we are seeking a new charter, our earnings may decline. 
 Hire rates for FSRUs and LNG carriers fluctuate over time as a result of changes in the supply-demand balance relating to the market requirements for FSRUs and LNG carries and future FSRU and LNG carrier capacity. This supply-demand relationship largely depends on a number of factors outside of our control. For example, driven in part by an increase in LNG production capacity, the market supply particularly of LNG carriers has been increasing. We believe that this and any future expansion of the global LNG carrier fleet may have a negative impact on charter hire rates, vessel utilization and vessel values, the impact of which could be amplified if the expansion of LNG production capacity does not keep pace with fleet growth. The LNG market is also closely connected to world natural gas and LNG prices and energy markets, which it cannot predict. A substantial or extended decline in demand for natural gas or LNG could adversely affect our ability to charter or re-charter our vessels at acceptable rates or to acquire and profitably operate new vessels. Accordingly, this could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 We may not be able to fully utilize the capacity of our FSRUs and other facilities. 
 Our FSRU facilities have excess capacity that is currently not dedicated to a particular anchor customer. Part of our business strategy is to utilize undedicated excess capacity of our FSRU facilities to serve additional downstream customers in the regions in which we operate. However, we have not secured, and we may be unable to secure, commitments for all of our excess capacity. Factors which could cause us to contract less than full capacity include difficulties in negotiations with potential counterparties, timing of start up of new third party projects and factors outside of our control such as the price of and demand for LNG for a particular project. Failure to secure commitments for less than full capacity could impact our future revenues and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 The operation of our vessels is dependent on our ability to deploy our vessels to an NFE terminal or to long-term charters. 
 Our principal strategy for our FSRU and LNG carriers is to provide steady and reliable shipping, regasification and offshore operations to NFE terminals and, to the extent favorable to our business, replace or enter into new long-term carrier time charters for our vessels. For new LNG projects, LNG ships continue to be provided on a long-term basis, though the level of spot voyages and short-term time charters of less than 12 months in duration together with medium term charters of up to five years has increased in recent years. This trend is expected to continue as the spot market for LNG expands and becomes more liquid. More frequent changes to vessel sizes, propulsion technology and emissions profile, retirements of older vessels, together with an increasing desire by charterers to access modern tonnage could also reduce the appetite of charterers to commit to long-term charters that match their full requirement period. As a result, the duration of long-term charters could also decrease over time. We may also face increased difficulty entering into long-term time charters upon the expiration or early termination of our contracts. The process of obtaining long-term charters for FSRUs and LNG carriers is highly competitive and generally involves an intensive screening process and competitive bids, and often extends for several months. If we lose any of our charterers and are unable to re-deploy the related vessel to a NFE terminal or into a new replacement contract for an extended period of time, we will not receive any revenues from the deliveries from that vessel, but we will be required to pay expenses necessary to maintain the vessel in seaworthy operating condition. 
 Vessel values may fluctuate substantially and, if these values are lower at a time when we are attempting to dispose of vessels, we may incur a loss. 
 Vessel values can fluctuate substantially over time due to a number of different factors, including: 
 prevailing economic conditions in the natural gas and energy markets; 
 a substantial or extended decline in demand for LNG; 
 increases in the supply of vessel capacity without a commensurate increase in demand; 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 the size, tank type and age of a vessel; and 
 the cost of retrofitting, steel prices or modifying existing vessels, as a result of technological advances in vessel design or equipment, changes in applicable environmental or other regulations or standards, customer requirements or otherwise. 
 As our owned or chartered vessels age, the expenses associated with maintaining and operating them are expected to increase, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations if we do not maintain sufficient cash reserves for maintenance and replacement capital expenditures. Moreover, the cost of a replacement vessel could be significant and subject to market pricing. 
 During the period a vessel is subject to a charter, we will not be permitted to sell it to take advantage of increases in vessel values without the charterers consent. If a charter terminates, we may be unable to re-deploy the affected vessels at market rates or for our operations and, rather than continue to incur costs to maintain and finance them, we may seek to dispose of them. When vessel values are low, we may not be able to dispose of vessels at a reasonable price when we wish to sell vessels, and conversely, when vessel values are elevated, we may not be able to acquire additional vessels at attractive prices when we wish to acquire additional vessels, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 The carrying values of our vessels may not represent their fair market value at any point in time because the market prices of secondhand vessels tend to fluctuate with changes in charter rates, vessel availability and the cost of new build vessels, steel prices and foreign exchange rates. Our vessels are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We recognized an impairment charge on one of our vessels for the year ended December 31, 2023 and we cannot assure you that we will not recognize impairment losses on our vessels in future years. Any impairment charges incurred as a result of declines in charter rates could negatively affect our business, financial condition, or operating results. 
 Maritime claimants could arrest our vessels, which could interrupt our cash flow. 
 If we are in default on certain kinds of obligations related to our vessels, such as those to our lenders, crew members, suppliers of goods and services to our vessels or shippers of cargo, these parties may be entitled to a maritime lien against one or more of our vessels. In many jurisdictions, a maritime lien holder may enforce its lien by arresting a vessel through foreclosure proceedings. In a few jurisdictions, claimants could try to assert sister ship liability against one vessel in our fleet for claims relating to another of our vessels. The arrest or attachment of one or more of our vessels could interrupt our cash flow and require us to pay to have the arrest lifted. Under some of our present charters, if the vessel is arrested or 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 detained (for as few as 14 days in the case of one of our charters) as a result of a claim against us, we may be in default of our charter and the charterer may terminate the charter. This would negatively impact our revenues and cash flows. 
 We seek to develop innovative and new technologies as part of our strategy that are not yet proven and may not realize the time and cost savings we expect to achieve. 
 We analyze and seek to implement innovative and new technologies that complement our businesses to reduce our costs, achieve efficiencies for our business and our customers and advance our long-term goals, such as our ISO container distribution system, our Fast LNG solution and our green hydrogen project. The success of our current operations and future projects will depend in part on our ability to create and maintain a competitive position in the natural gas liquefaction industry. We have developed our Fast LNG strategy to procure and deliver LNG to our customers more quickly and cost-effectively than traditional LNG procurement and delivery strategies used by other market participants. See Our Fast LNG technology is not yet proven and we may not be able to implement it as planned or at all. We are also making investments to develop green hydrogen energy technologies as part of our long-term goal to become one of the world s leading providers of carbon-free energy. We continue to develop our ISO container distribution systems in the various markets where we operate. We expect to make additional investments in this field in the future. Because these technologies are innovative, we may be making investments in unproven business strategies and technologies with which we have limited or no prior development or operating experience. As an investor in these technologies, it is also possible that we could be exposed to claims and liabilities, expenses, regulatory challenges and other risks. We may not be able to successfully develop these technologies, and even if we succeed, we may ultimately not be able to realize the time, revenues and cost savings we currently expect to achieve from these strategies, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Technological innovation may impair the economic attractiveness of our projects. 
 The success of our current operations and future projects will depend in part on our ability to create and maintain a competitive position in the natural gas liquefaction industry. In particular, although we plan to build out our delivery logistics chain in Northern Pennsylvania using proven technologies such as those currently in operation at our Miami Facility, we do not have any exclusive rights to any of these technologies. In addition, such technologies may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by legal or regulatory requirements, technological advances, more efficient and cost-effective processes or entirely different approaches developed by one or more of our competitors or others, which could materially and adversely affect our business, ability to realize benefits from future projects, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and prospects. 
 Our Fast LNG technology is not yet proven and we may not be able to implement it as planned or at all. 
 We have developed our Fast LNG strategy to procure and deliver LNG to our customers more quickly and cost-effectively than traditional LNG procurement and delivery strategies used by other market participants. Our ability to create and maintain a competitive position in the natural gas liquefaction industry may be adversely affected by our inability to effectively implement our Fast LNG technology. We have commenced operations at our first Fast LNG solution, but we have not yet supplied any LNG from that facility to customers, and are therefore subject to risks related to full commercial development of the facility. We are also developing our first onshore LNG facility and are therefore subject to construction risks, risks associated with third-party contracting (including the risk that we will not be able to execute contracts with third parties that are necessary to develop the project) and service providers, permitting and regulatory risks. See We are subject to various construction risks and We depend on third-party contractors, operators and suppliers. Because our Fast LNG technology has not been previously implemented, tested or proven, we are also exposed to unknown and unforeseen risks associated with the development of new technologies, including failure to meet design, engineering, or performance specifications, incompatibility of systems, inability to contract or employ third parties with sufficient experience in technologies used or inability by contractors to perform their work, delays and schedule changes, high costs and expenses that may be subject to increase or difficult to anticipate, regulatory and legal challenges, instability or clarity of application of laws, rules and regulations to the technology, and added difficulties in obtaining or securing required permits or authorizations, among others. For example, in April 2024, we experienced an incident involving equipment failure during the commissioning of our Fast LNG project in Altamira, Mexico, which delayed our commencement of operations and resulted in increased costs and delay of commencement of revenue generating activity. See Failure to obtain and maintain permits, approvals and authorizations from governmental and regulatory agencies and third parties on favorable terms could impede operations and construction. The success and profitability of our Fast LNG technology is also dependent on the volatility of the price of natural gas and LNG compared to the related levels of capital spending required to implement the technology. Natural gas and LNG prices have at various times been and may become volatile due to one or more factors. Volatility or weakness in natural gas or LNG prices could render our LNG procured through Fast LNG too expensive for our customers, and we may not be able to obtain our 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 anticipated return on our investment or make our technology profitable. In addition, we may seek to construct and develop floating offshore liquefaction units as part of our Fast LNG in jurisdictions which could potentially expose us to increased political, economic, social and legal instability, a lack of regulatory clarity of application of laws, rules and regulations to our technology, or additional jurisdictional risks related to currency exchange, tariffs and other taxes, changes in laws, civil unrest, and similar risks. See Risks Related to the Jurisdictions in Which We Operate We are subject to the economic, political, social and other conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Furthermore, as part of our business strategy for Fast LNG, we may enter into tolling agreements with third parties, including in developing countries, and these counterparties may have greater credit risk than typical. Therefore, we may be exposed to greater customer credit risk than other companies in the industry. Our credit procedures and policies may be inadequate to sufficiently eliminate risks of nonpayment and nonperformance. We may not be able to successfully develop, construct and implement our Fast LNG solution, and even if we succeed in developing and constructing the technology, we may ultimately not be able to realize the cost savings and revenues we currently expect to achieve from it, which could result in a material adverse effect upon our operations and business. 
 
 Our data center infrastructure business has no operating history, and we may not recognize revenue or operating income in the future. 
 
 On July 2, 2024, we announced the launch of Klondike Digital Infrastructure, a power and data center infrastructure business. W e are subject to a multitude of risks inherent in a recently established business venture in a rapidly developing and changing industry. We have no operating history in the data center infrastructure business and may not be able to achieve our business objectives. We cannot assure you that our past experience will be sufficient to allow us to successfully achieve our business objectives, and our past performance should not be used as an indicator of our likely performance. Our lack of operating history in the data center infrastructure business, particularly in the development and operation of data center infrastructure, also makes it difficult to evaluate the prospects of this business. We have not yet been able to confirm that our business model can or will be successful, and we may not ever recognize revenue or operating income from this business. Our expectations regarding the data center business may not prove to be accurate. Our operating results will likely fluctuate moving forward as we we develop this business. In addition, we expect additional growth in this business, which could place significant demands on our management team and other resources and require us to continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls. We may not be able to address these challenges in a cost-effective manner or at all. If we do not effectively manage our growth, we may not be able to execute on our business plan, respond to competitive pressures or take advantage of market opportunities, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. 
 
 We do not currently generate cash from operations from this new business line, so we will need additional funding from other sources to develop this business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all, or that we will have sufficient capital to fully implement our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on this business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. You should consider our data center business and prospects in light of these risks and the risks and difficulties that we will encounter as we continue to develop our business model. We may not be able to address these risks and difficulties successfully, which would materially harm our business and operating results. 
 
 Our data center business strategy depends on the successful development of our projects and any delays or unexpected costs associated with such projects may harm our growth prospects, future operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We intend to develop a geographically diverse portfolio of power and data center infrastructure and we have more than 1,000 acres of developable land across sites in Brazil, Ireland, and the United States that we are analyzing for potential use in the business. Our business strategy depends upon the successful acquisition, permitting, gas supply, transmission work and completion of the development of these sites and similar projects in the future. Current and future development projects and expansion into new markets will involve substantial planning, allocation of significant company resources and certain risks, including risks related to the acquisition of real property, financing, zoning, permits and other regulatory approvals, construction costs and delays. 
 
 These development projects will also require us to carefully select and rely on the experience of one or more general contractors and associated subcontractors during the construction process. Should a general contractor or significant subcontractor experience financial or other problems during the construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and other negative impacts to our expected financial returns. Site selection in current and expansion markets is also a critical factor in our expansion plans, and there may not be suitable properties available in our markets at a location that is attractive to our customers and has the necessary combination of other characteristics. Furthermore, while we may prefer to locate new data centers adjacent to or in close proximity to our 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 existing data centers, we may be limited by the size and location of suitable properties. If we are unable to successfully develop and operate data center properties, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be significantly impaired. 
 
 Our data center business model depends upon the demand for data centers. 
 
 We intend to be in the business of developing infrastructure to serve data centers. A reduction in the demand for data center power or connectivity would have an adverse effect on our ability to develop our data center infrastructure business. We are susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate information technology IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to markets that we do not currently serve. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we will provide. Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. 
 
 We have incurred, and may in the future incur, a significant amount of debt. 
 On an ongoing basis, we engage with lenders and other financial institutions in an effort to improve our liquidity and capital resources. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 8,172 aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding on a consolidated basis (which does not include any unconsolidated debt). The terms and conditions of our indebtedness include restrictive covenants that may limit our ability to operate our business, to incur or refinance our debt, engage in certain transactions, and require us to maintain certain financial ratios, among others, any of which may limit our ability to finance future operations and capital needs, react to changes in our business and in the economy generally, and to pursue business opportunities and activities. Following the completion of the Amendments nd the Transactions, our ability to undertake these activities, including our ability to finance our debt, will be further limited. If we fail to comply with any of these restrictions or are unable to pay our debt service when due, our debt could be accelerated or cross-accelerated, and we cannot assure you that we will have the ability to repay such accelerated debt. Any such default could also have adverse consequences to our status and reporting requirements, reducing our ability to quickly access the capital markets. Our ability to service our existing and any future debt will depend on our performance and operations, which is subject to factors that are beyond our control and compliance with covenants in the agreements governing such debt. 
 
 In addition, as our existing indebtedness matures, we may need to refinance that indebtedness with new indebtedness that may have a higher interest rate, which will increase our fixed costs. We may incur additional debt to fund our business and strategic initiatives. If we incur additional debt and other obligations, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the ability to service such debt would increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. For example, the New Notes issued pursuant to the Transactions will bear interest at a rate of 12.000 per annum, significantly increasing our annual interest expense, while also increasing our total aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding. For additional detail, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments . 
 Our business is dependent upon obtaining substantial additional funding from various sources, which may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms. 
 Following the closing of the Transactions, we believe we will have sufficient liquidity, cash flow from operations and access to additional capital sources to fund our capital expenditures and working capital needs for the next 12 months and the reasonably foreseeable future. In the future, we expect to incur additional indebtedness to assist us in developing our operations and we are considering alternative financing options, including in Brazil and other specific markets or the opportunistic sale of one of our non-core assets. We also historically have relied, and in the future will likely rely, on borrowings under term loans and other debt instruments to fund our capital expenditures. If any of the lenders in the syndicates backing these debt instruments were unable to perform on its commitments, we may need to seek replacement financing. We cannot assure you that such additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms will depend on financial, economic and market conditions, which have increased in volatility and at times have been negatively impacted due to our progress in executing our business strategy and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including domestic or international economic conditions, increases in key benchmark interest rates and/or credit spreads, the adoption of new or amended banking or capital market laws or regulations, the re-pricing of market risks and volatility in capital and financial markets, risks relating to the credit risk of our customers and the jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as general risks applicable to the energy sector. Furthermore, the terms of the Amendments and the New Notes to be issued as part of the Transactions will, and a dditional debt financing, if available, may, subject us to increased restrictive covenants that could limit, and in the case of the former, 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 significantly limit, our flexibility in incurring additional indebtedness and conducting future business activities and could result in us expending significant resources to service our obligations. Additionally, we may need to adjust the timing of our planned capital expenditures and facilities development depending on the requirements of our existing financing and availability of such additional funding. If we are unable to obtain additional funding, approvals or amendments to our financings outstanding from time to time, or if additional funding is only available on terms that we determine are not acceptable to us, we may be unable to fully execute our business plan, we may be unable to pay or refinance our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, and our financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 We have entered into, and may in the future enter into or modify existing, joint ventures that might restrict our operational and corporate flexibility or require credit support. 
 We have entered into, and may in the future enter, into joint venture arrangements with third parties in respect of our projects and assets. For example, in August 2022, we established Energos, as a joint venture platform with certain funds or investment vehicles managed by Apollo, for the development of a global marine infrastructure platform, of which we owned 20 prior to our sale of our 20 stake in February 2024. As we do not operate the assets owned by these joint ventures, our control over their operations is limited by provisions of the agreements we have entered into with our joint venture partners and by our percentage ownership in such joint ventures. Because we do not control all of the decisions of our joint ventures, it may be difficult or impossible for us to cause the joint venture to take actions that we believe would be in its or the joint venture s best interests. For example, we cannot unilaterally cause the distribution of cash by our joint ventures. Additionally, as the joint ventures are separate legal entities, any right we may have to receive assets of any joint venture or other payments upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of the creditors of that joint venture (including tax authorities, trade creditors and any other third parties that require such subordination, such as lenders and other creditors). Moreover, joint venture arrangements involve various risks and uncertainties, such as our commitment to fund operating and/or capital expenditures, the timing and amount of which we may not control, and our joint venture partners may not satisfy their financial obligations to the joint venture. We have provided and may in the future provide guarantees or other forms of credit support to our joint ventures and/or affiliates. Failure by any of our joint ventures, equity method investees and/or affiliates to service their debt requirements and comply with any provisions contained in their commercial loan agreements, including paying scheduled installments and complying with certain covenants, may lead to an event of default under the related loan agreement. As a result, if our joint ventures, equity method investees and/or affiliates are unable to obtain a waiver or do not have enough cash on hand to repay the outstanding borrowings, the relevant lenders may foreclose their liens on the relevant assets or vessels securing the loans or seek repayment of the loan from us, or both. Either of these possibilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, by virtue of our guarantees with respect to our joint ventures and/or affiliates, this may reduce our ability to gain future credit from certain lenders. 
 The swaps regulatory and other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules adopted thereunder and other regulations, including EMIR and REMIT, could adversely affect our ability to hedge risks associated with our business and our operating results and cash flows. 
 We have entered and may in the future enter into futures, swaps and option contracts traded or cleared on the Intercontinental Exchange and the New York Mercantile Exchange or OTC options and swaps with other natural gas merchants and financial institutions. Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act established federal regulation of the OTC derivatives market and made other amendments to the Commodity Exchange Act that are relevant to our business. The provisions of Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules adopted thereunder by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC ), the SEC and other federal regulators may adversely affect the cost and availability of the swaps that we may use for hedging, including, without limitation, rules setting limits on the positions in certain contracts, rules regarding aggregation of positions, requirements to clear through specific derivatives clearing organizations and trading platforms, requirements for posting of margins, regulatory requirements on swaps market participants. Our counterparties that are also subject to the capital requirements set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in 2011, commonly referred to as Basel III, may increase the cost to us of entering into swaps with them or, although not required to collect margin from us under the margin rules, require us to post collateral with them in connection with such swaps in order to offset their increased capital costs or to reduce their capital costs to maintain those swaps on their balance sheets. Our subsidiaries and affiliates operating in Europe and the Caribbean may be subject to the European Market Infrastructure Regulation EMIR and the Regulation on Wholesale Energy Market Integrity and Transparency REMIT as wholesale energy market participants, which may impose increased regulatory obligations, including a prohibition to use or disclose insider information or to engage in market manipulation in wholesale energy markets, and an obligation to report certain data, as well as requiring liquid collateral. These regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 through requirements to post margin or collateral), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against certain risks that we encounter, and reduce our ability to monetize or restructure derivative contracts and to execute our hedging strategies. If, as a result of the swaps regulatory regime discussed above, we were to forgo the use of swaps to hedge our risks, such as commodity price risks that we encounter in our operations, our operating results and cash flows may become more volatile and could be otherwise adversely affected. 
 We may incur impairments to long-lived assets. 
 We test our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Significant negative industry or economic trends, decline of our market capitalization, reduced estimates of future cash flows for our business segments or disruptions to our business, or adverse actions by governmental entities, changes to regulation or legislation have in the past and could in the future lead to an impairment charge of our long-lived assets. Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance. Projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from results. In addition, if our analysis results in an impairment to our long-lived assets, we may be required to record a charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during a period in which such impairment is determined to exist, which may negatively impact our operating results. 
 Weather events or other natural or manmade disasters or phenomena, some of which may be adversely impacted by global climate change, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and projects, as well as on the economies in the markets in which we operate or plan to operate. 
 Weather events such as storms and related storm activity and collateral effects, or other disasters, accidents, catastrophes or similar events, natural or manmade, such as explosions, fires, seismic events, floods or accidents, could result in damage to our facilities, liquefaction facilities, or related infrastructure, interruption of our operations or our supply chain, as well as delays or cost increases in the construction and the development of our proposed facilities or other infrastructure. Changes in the global climate may have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and rising sea levels; if any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our onshore and offshore operations. Due to the nature of our operations, we are particularly exposed to the risks posed by hurricanes, tropical storms and their collateral effects, in particular with respect to fleet operations, floating offshore liquefaction units and other infrastructure we may develop in connection with our Fast LNG technology. In particular, we may seek to construct and develop floating offshore liquefaction units as part of our Fast LNG in locations that are subject to risks posed by hurricanes and similar severe weather conditions or natural disasters or other adverse events or conditions that could severely affect our infrastructure, resulting in damage or loss, contamination to the areas, and suspension of our operations. For example, our operations in coastal regions in southern Florida, the Caribbean, the Gulf of Mexico and Latin America are frequently exposed to natural hazards such as sea-level rise, coastal flooding, cyclones, extreme heat, hurricanes, and earthquakes. These climate risks can affect our operations, potentially even damaging or destroying our facilities, leading to production downgrades, costly delays, reduction in workforce productivity, and potential injury to our people. In addition, jurisdictions with increased political, economic, social and legal instability, lack of regulatory clarity of application of laws, rules and regulations to our technology, and could potentially expose us to additional jurisdictional risks related to currency exchange, tariffs and other taxes, changes in laws, civil unrest, and similar risks. In addition, because of the location of some of our operations, we are subject to other natural phenomena, including earthquakes, such as the one that occurred near Puerto Rico in January 2020, which resulted in a temporary delay of development of our Puerto Rico projects, hurricanes and tropical storms. If one or more tankers, pipelines, facilities, liquefaction facilities, vessels, equipment or electronic systems that we own, lease or operate or that deliver products to us or that supply our facilities, liquefaction facilities, and customers facilities are damaged by severe weather or any other disaster, accident, catastrophe or similar event, our construction projects and our operations could be significantly interrupted, damaged or destroyed. These delays, interruptions and damages could involve substantial damage to people, property or the environment, and repairs could take a significant amount of time, particularly in the event of a major interruption or substantial damage. We do not, nor do we intend to, maintain insurance against all of these risks and losses. We may not be able to maintain desired or required insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable. See Our insurance may be insufficient to cover losses that may occur to our property or result from our operations. The occurrence of a significant event, or the threat thereof, could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Existing and future environmental, social, health and safety laws and regulations could result in increased or more stringent compliance requirements, which may be difficult to comply with or result in additional costs and may otherwise lead to significant liabilities and reputational damage. 
 Our business is now and will in the future be subject to extensive national, federal, state, municipal and local laws, rules and regulations, in the United States and in the jurisdictions where we operate, relating to the environment, social, health and safety and hazardous substances. These requirements regulate and restrict, among other things: the siting and design of our facilities; discharges to air, land and water, with particular respect to the protection of human health, the environment and natural resources and safety from risks associated with storing, receiving and transporting LNG, natural gas and other substances; the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous waste and petroleum products; and remediation associated with the release of hazardous substances. Many of these laws and regulations, such as the CAA and the CWA, and analogous laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, restrict or prohibit the types, quantities and concentrations of substances that can be emitted into the environment in connection with the construction and operation of our facilities and vessels, and require us to obtain and maintain permits and provide governmental authorities with access to our facilities and vessels for inspection and reports related to our compliance. For example, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection laws and regulations will apply to the construction and operation of the Pennsylvania Facility. Changes or new environmental, social, health and safety laws and regulations could cause additional expenditures, restrictions and delays in our business and operations, the extent of which cannot be predicted and which may require us to limit substantially, delay or cease operations in some circumstances. For example, in October 2017, the U.S. Government Accountability Office issued a legal determination that a 2013 interagency guidance document was a rule subject to the Congressional Review Act CRA ). This legal determination could open a broader set of agency guidance documents to potential disapproval and invalidation under the CRA, potentially increasing the likelihood that laws and regulations applicable to our business will become subject to revised interpretations in the future that we cannot predict. Revised, reinterpreted or additional laws and regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating or construction costs and restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 Any failure in environmental, social, health and safety performance from our operations may result in an event that causes personal harm or injury to our employees, other persons, and/or the environment, as well as the imposition of injunctive relief and/or penalties or fines for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements or litigation. Such a failure, or a similar failure elsewhere in the energy industry (including, in particular, LNG liquefaction, storage, transportation or regasification operations), could generate public concern, which may lead to new laws and/or regulations that would impose more stringent requirements on our operations, have a corresponding impact on our ability to obtain permits and approvals, and otherwise jeopardize our reputation or the reputation of our industry as well as our relationships with relevant regulatory agencies and local communities. As the owner and operator of our facilities and owner or charterer of our vessels, we may be liable, without regard to fault or the lawfulness of the original conduct, for the release of certain types or quantities of hazardous substances into the environment at or from our facilities and for any resulting damage to natural resources, which could result in substantial liabilities, fines and penalties, capital expenditures related to cleanup efforts and pollution control equipment, and restrictions or curtailment of our operations. Any such liabilities, fines and penalties could exceed the limits of our insurance coverage. See Our insurance may be insufficient to cover losses that may occur to our property or result from our operations. Individually or collectively, these developments could adversely impact our ability to expand our business, including into new markets. 
 Greenhouse Gases/Climate Change . The threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the United States and around the world. Numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state government levels to monitor and limit existing and future GHG emissions. As a result, our operations are subject to a series of risks associated with the processing, transportation, and use of fossil fuels and emission of GHGs. In the United States to date, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level, although various individual states and state coalitions have adopted or considered adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives, including GHG cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, and emission restrictions, pollution reduction incentives, or renewable energy or low-carbon replacement fuel quotas. At the international level, the United Nations-sponsored Paris Agreement was signed by 197 countries who agreed to limit their GHG emissions through non-binding, individually-determined reduction goals every five years after 2020. The United States rejoined the Paris Agreement, effective in February 2021, and other countries where we operate or plan to operate, including Jamaica, Brazil, Ireland, Mexico, and Nicaragua, have signed or acceded to this agreement. However, the scope of future climate and GHG emissions-focused regulatory requirements, if any, remain uncertain. Governmental, scientific, and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from GHG emissions has resulted in increasing political uncertainty in the United States and worldwide. For example, based in part on the publicized climate 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 plan and pledges by the U.S. government, there may be significant legislation, rulemaking, or executive orders that seek to address climate change, incentivize low-carbon infrastructure or initiatives, or ban or restrict the exploration and production of fossil fuels. For example, executive orders may be issued or federal legislation or regulatory initiatives may be adopted to achieve U.S. goals under the Paris Agreement. 
 Climate-related litigation and permitting risks are also increasing, as a number of cities, local governments and private organizations have sought to either bring suit against oil and natural gas companies in state or federal court, alleging various public nuisance claims, or seek to challenge permits required for infrastructure development. Fossil fuel producers are also facing general risks of shifting capital availability due to stockholder concern over climate change and potentially stranded assets in the event of future, comprehensive climate and GHG-related regulation. While several of these cases have been dismissed, there is no guarantee how future lawsuits might be resolved. 
 The adoption and implementation of new or more comprehensive international, federal or state legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that impose more stringent restrictions on GHG emissions could result in increased compliance costs, and thereby reduce demand for or erode value for, the natural gas that we process and market. The potential increase in our operating costs could include new costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our GHG emissions, pay taxes related to our GHG emissions, and administer and manage a GHG emissions program. We may not be able to recover such increased costs through increases in customer prices or rates. In addition, changes in regulatory policies that result in a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to GHGs, or restrict their use, may reduce volumes available to us for processing, transportation, marketing and storage. Furthermore, political, litigation, and financial risks may result in reduced natural gas production activities, increased liability for infrastructure damages as a result of climatic changes, or an impaired ability to continue to operate in an economic manner. One or more of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Fossil Fuels. Our business activities depend upon a sufficient and reliable supply of natural gas feedstock, and are therefore subject to concerns in certain sectors of the public about the exploration, production and transportation of natural gas and other fossil fuels and the consumption of fossil fuels more generally. For example, PHMSA has promulgated detailed regulations governing LNG facilities under its jurisdiction to address siting, design, construction, equipment, operations, maintenance, personnel qualifications and training, fire protection and security. While the Miami Facility is subject to these regulations, none of our LNG facilities currently under development are subject to PHMSA s jurisdiction, but regulators and governmental agencies in the other jurisdictions in which we operate can impose similar siting, design, construction and operational requirements that can affect our projects, facilities, infrastructure and operations. Legislative and regulatory action, and possible litigation, in response to such public concerns may also adversely affect our operations. We may be subject to future laws, regulations, or actions to address such public concern with fossil fuel generation, distribution and combustion, greenhouse gases and the effects of global climate change. Our customers may also move away from using fossil fuels such as LNG for their power generation needs for reputational or perceived risk-related reasons. These matters represent uncertainties in the operation and management of our business, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Hydraulic Fracturing. Certain of our suppliers of natural gas and LNG employ hydraulic fracturing techniques to stimulate natural gas production from unconventional geological formations (including shale formations), which currently entails the injection of pressurized fracturing fluids (consisting of water, sand and certain chemicals) into a well bore. Moreover, hydraulically fractured natural gas wells account for a significant percentage of the natural gas production in the U.S.; the U.S. Energy Information Administration reported in 2016 that hydraulically fractured wells provided two-thirds of U.S. marketed gas production in 2015. Hydraulic fracturing activities can be regulated at the national, federal or local levels, with governmental agencies asserting authority over certain hydraulic fracturing activities and equipment used in the production, transmission and distribution of oil and natural gas, including such oil and natural gas produced via hydraulic fracturing. Such authorities may seek to further regulate or even ban such activities. For example, the Delaware River Basin Commission DRBC ), a regional body created via interstate compact responsible for, among other things, water quality protection, water supply allocation, regulatory review, water conservation initiatives, and watershed planning in the Delaware River Basin, has implemented a de facto ban on hydraulic fracturing activities in that basin since 2010 pending the approval of new regulations governing natural gas production activity in the basin. More recently, the DRBC has stated that it will consider new regulations that would ban natural gas production activity, including hydraulic fracturing, in the basin. If additional levels of regulation or permitting requirements were imposed on hydraulic fracturing operations, natural gas prices in North America could rise, which in turn could materially adversely affect the relative pricing advantage that has existed in recent years in favor of domestic natural gas prices (based on Henry Hub pricing). 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 The requirements for permits or authorizations to conduct these activities vary depending on the location where such drilling and completion activities will be conducted. Several jurisdictions have adopted or considered adopting regulations to impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations, or to ban hydraulic fracturing altogether. As with most permitting and authorization processes, there is a degree of uncertainty as to whether a permit will be granted, the time it will take for a permit or approval to be issued and any conditions which may be imposed in connection with the granting of the permit. See Failure to obtain and maintain permits, approvals and authorizations from governmental and regulatory agencies and third parties on favorable terms could impede operations and construction. Certain regulatory authorities have delayed or suspended the issuance of permits or authorizations while the potential environmental impacts associated with issuing such permits can be studied and appropriate mitigation measures evaluated. In addition, some local jurisdictions have adopted or considered adopting land use restrictions, such as city or municipal ordinances, that may restrict the performance of or prohibit the well drilling in general and/or hydraulic fracturing in particular. Increased regulation or difficulty in permitting of hydraulic fracturing, and any corresponding increase in domestic natural gas prices, could materially adversely affect demand for LNG and our ability to develop commercially viable LNG facilities. 
 Indigenous Communities . Indigenous communities including, in Brazil, Afro-indigenous Quilombola communities are subject to certain protections under international and national laws. Brazil has ratified the International Labor Organization s Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention ILO Convention 169 ), which states that governments are to ensure that members of tribes directly affected by legislative or administrative measures, including the grant of government authorizations, such as are required for our Brazilian operations, are consulted through appropriate procedures and through their representative institutions, particularly using the principle of consultation and participation of indigenous and traditional communities under the basis of free, prior, and informed consent FPIC ). Brazilian law does not specifically regulate the FPIC process for indigenous and traditional people affected by undertakings, nor does it set forth that individual members of an affected community shall render their FPIC on an undertaking that may impact them. However, in order to obtain certain environmental licenses for our operations, we are required to comply with the requirements of, consult with, and obtain certain authorizations from a number of institutions regarding the protection of indigenous interests: IBAMA, local environmental authorities in the localities in which we operate, the Federal Public Prosecutor s Office and the National Indian Foundation Funda o Nacional do ndio or FUNAI (for indigenous people) or Palmares Cultural Foundation Funda o Cultural Palmares (for Quilombola communities). 
 Additionally, the American Convention on Human Rights ACHR ), to which Brazil is a party, sets forth rights and freedoms prescribed for all persons, including property rights without discrimination due to race, language, and national or social origin. The ACHR also provides for consultation with indigenous communities regarding activities that may affect the integrity of their land and natural resources. If Brazil s legal process for consultation and the protection of indigenous rights is challenged under the ACHR and found to be inadequate, it could result in orders or judgments that could ultimately adversely impact our operations. For example, in February 2020, the Interamerican Court of Human Rights IACtHR found that Argentina had not taken adequate steps, in law or action, to ensure the consulting of indigenous communities and obtaining those communities free prior and informed consent for a project impacting their territories. IACtHR further found that Argentina had thus violated the ACHR due to infringements on the indigenous communities rights to property, cultural identity, a healthy environment, and adequate food and water by failing to take effective measures to stop harmful, third-party activities on the indigenous communities traditional land. As a result, IACtHR ordered Argentina, among other things, to achieve the demarcation and grant of title to the indigenous communities over their territory and the removal of third parties from the indigenous territory. We cannot predict whether this decision will result in challenges regarding the adequacy of existing Brazilian legal requirements related to the protection of indigenous rights, changes to the existing Brazilian government body consultation process, or impact our existing development agreements or negotiations for outstanding development agreements with indigenous communities in the areas in which we operate. 
 There are several indigenous communities that surround our operations in Brazil. Certain of our subsidiaries have entered into agreements with some of these communities that mainly provide for the use of their land for our operations, provide compensation for any potential adverse impact that our operations may indirectly cause to them, and negotiations with other such communities are ongoing. If we are not able to timely obtain the necessary authorizations or obtain them on favorable terms for our operations in areas where indigenous communities reside, our relationship with these communities deteriorates in future, or that such communities do not comply with any existing agreements related to our operations, we could face construction delays, increased costs, or otherwise experience adverse impacts on its business and results of operations. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Offshore operations. Our operations in international waters and in the territorial waters of other countries are regulated by extensive and changing international, national and local environmental protection laws, regulations, treaties and conventions in force in international waters, the jurisdictional waters of the countries in which we operate, as well as the countries of our vessels registration, including those governing oil spills, discharges to air and water, the handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the management of ballast water. The International Maritime Organization IMO International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships of 1973, as amended from time to time, and generally referred to as MARPOL, can affect operations of our chartered vessels. In addition, our chartered LNG vessels may become subject to the International Convention on Liability and Compensation for Damage in Connection with the Carriage of Hazardous and Noxious Substances by Sea (the HNS Convention ), adopted in 1996 and subsequently amended by a Protocol to the HNS Convention in April 2010. Other regulations include, but are not limited to, the designation of Emission Control Areas under MARPOL, the IMO International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage of 1969, as amended from time to time, the International Convention on Civil Liability for Bunker Oil Pollution Damage, the IMO International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea of 1974, as amended from time to time, the International Safety Management Code for the Safe Operations of Ships and for Pollution Prevention, the IMO International Convention on Load Lines of 1966, as amended from time to time and the International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships Ballast Water and Sediments in February 2004. 
 In particular, development of offshore operations of natural gas and LNG are subject to extensive environmental, industry, maritime and social regulations. For example, the development and operation of our new FLNG facility off the coast of Altamira, State of Tamaulipas, is subject to regulation by Mexico s Ministry of Energy Secretar a de Energ a ( SENER ), Mexico's National Hydrocarbon Commission CNH ), the National Agency of Industrial Safety and Environmental Protection of the Hydrocarbons Sector ASEA ), among other relevant Mexican regulatory bodies. The laws and regulations governing activities in the Mexican energy sector have undergone significant reformation over the past decade, and the legal regulatory framework continues to evolve as SENER, the CNH and other Mexican regulatory bodies issue new regulations and guidelines as the industry develops. Such regulations are subject to change, so it is possible that SENER, the CNH or other Mexican regulatory bodies may impose new or revised requirements that could increase our operating costs and/or capital expenditures for operations in Mexican offshore waters. In addition, our operations in waters off the coast of Mexico are subject to regulation by ASEA. The laws and regulations governing the protection of health, safety and the environment from activities in the Mexican energy sector are also relatively new, having been significantly reformed in 2013 and 2014, and the legal regulatory framework continues to evolve as ASEA and other Mexican regulatory bodies issue new regulations and guidelines as the industry modernizes and adapts to market changes. Such regulations are subject to change, and it is possible that ASEA or other Mexican regulatory bodies may impose new or revised requirements that could increase our operating costs and/or capital expenditures for operations in Mexican offshore waters. 
 Moreover, the overall trends are towards more regulations and more stringent requirements which are likely to add to our costs of doing business. For example, IMO regulations limit the sulfur content of fuel oil for ships to 0.5 weight percent starting , thus increasing the cost of fuel and increasing expenses for us. Likewise, the European Union is considering extending its emissions trading scheme to maritime transport to reduce GHG emissions from vessels. We contract with industry leading vessel providers in the LNG market and look for them to take the lead in maintaining compliance with all such requirements, although the terms of our charter agreements may call for us to bear some or all of the associated costs. While we believe we are similarly situated with respect to other companies that charter vessels, we cannot assure you that these requirements will not have a material effect on our business. 
 Our chartered vessels operating in U.S. waters, now or in the future, will also be subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, including the OPA, the CERCLA, the CWA and the CAA. In some cases, these laws and regulations require governmental permits and authorizations before conducting certain activities. These environmental laws and regulations may impose substantial penalties for noncompliance and substantial liabilities for pollution. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties. As with the industry generally, our chartered vessels operations will entail risks in these areas, and compliance with these laws and regulations, which may be subject to frequent revisions and reinterpretation, may increase our overall cost of business. 
 We are subject to numerous governmental export laws, and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations, and anti-corruption laws and regulation. 
 We conduct business throughout the world, and our business activities and services are subject to various applicable import and export control laws and regulations of the United States and other countries, particularly countries in the 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Caribbean, Latin America, Europe and the other countries in which we seek to do business. We must also comply with trade and economic sanctions laws, including the U.S. Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations and economic and trade sanctions regulations maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. For example, in 2018, U.S. legislation was approved to restrict U.S. aid to Nicaragua and between 2018 and 2022, U.S. and European governmental authorities imposed a number of sanctions against entities and individuals in or associated with the governments of Nicaragua and Venezuela. Following the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in 2022, U.S., European, U.K. and other governmental authorities imposed a number of sanctions against entities and individuals in Russia or connected to Russia, including sanctions specifically targeting the Russian oil and gas industry. Violations of governmental export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations could result in negative consequences to us, including government investigations, sanctions, criminal or civil fines or penalties, more onerous compliance requirements, loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business, reputational harm and other adverse consequences. Moreover, it is possible that we could invest both time and capital into a project involving a counterparty who may become subject to sanctions. If any of our counterparties becomes subject to sanctions as a result of these laws and regulations, changes thereto or otherwise, we may face an array of issues, including, but not limited to, (i) having to suspend our development or operations on a temporary or permanent basis, (ii) being unable to recuperate prior invested time and capital or being subject to lawsuits, or (iii) investigations or regulatory proceedings that could be time-consuming and expensive to respond to and which could lead to criminal or civil fines or penalties. 
 We are also subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act and local anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits. Some of the jurisdictions in which we currently operate present heightened risks for FCPA issues, such as Nicaragua, Jamaica, Brazil and Mexico. Furthermore, our strategy has been, and continues to be, dependent in part on our ability to expand our operations in additional emerging markets, including in Latin America, Asia and Africa. Efforts to expand our operations in these markets could expose us to additional risks related to anti-corruption laws and regulations. Although we have adopted policies and procedures that are designed to assist us, our officers, directors, employees and other intermediaries in complying with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, developing, implementing and maintaining policies and procedures is a complex endeavor, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws and regulations. There is no assurance that these policies and procedures have or will work effectively all of the time or protect us against liability under anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the FCPA, for actions taken by our officers, directors, employees and other intermediaries with respect to our business or any businesses that we may acquire, particularly in high risk jurisdictions. 
 Failure to comply with trade and economic sanctions laws and anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act and local anti-bribery laws, may subject us to costly and intrusive criminal and civil investigations as well as significant potential criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, including changes or enhancements to our procedures, policies and controls, the imposition of an independent compliance monitor, as well as potential personnel changes and disciplinary actions. In addition, non-compliance with such laws could constitute a breach of certain representations, warranties and covenants in our commercial or debt agreements, and cross-default provisions in certain of our agreements could mean that an event of default under certain of our commercial or debt agreements could trigger an event of default under our other agreements, including our debt agreements. Any adverse finding against us could also negatively affect our relationship and reputation with current and potential customers and regulators. In addition, in certain countries we serve or expect to serve our customers through third-party agents and other intermediaries. On occasion, we also use third-party agents and other intermediaries to assist us in exploring and entering new markets and to retain business. Violations of applicable import, export, trade and economic sanctions, and anti-corruption laws and regulations by these third-party agents or intermediaries may also result in adverse consequences and repercussions to us. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, reputation, liquidity and future business prospects. The U.S. sanctions and embargo laws and regulations vary in their application, as they do not all apply to the same covered persons or proscribe the same activities, and such sanctions and embargo laws and regulations may change and be amended or strengthened over time. 
 Any such violation of applicable sanctions, embargo and anti-corruption laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties or other sanctions that could severely impact our ability to access U.S. capital markets and conduct our business. In addition, certain financial institutions may have policies against lending or extending credit to companies that have contracts with U.S. embargoed countries or countries identified by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism, which could adversely affect our ability to access funding and liquidity, our financial condition and prospects. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Our charterers may inadvertently violate applicable sanctions and/or call on ports located in, or engage in transactions with, countries that are subject to restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other governments, which could adversely affect its business. 
 None of our vessels have called on ports located in countries subject to comprehensive sanctions and embargoes imposed by the U.S. government or countries identified by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism. When we charter our vessels to third parties we conduct comprehensive due diligence of the charterer and include contractual prohibitions on the charterer calling on ports in countries subject to comprehensive U.S. sanctions or otherwise engaging in commerce with such countries. However, our vessels may be sub-chartered out to a sanctioned party or call on ports of a sanctioned nation on charterers instruction, and without our knowledge or consent. If our charterers or sub-charterers violate applicable sanctions and embargo laws and regulations as a result of actions that do not involve us, those violations could in turn negatively affect our reputation and cause us to incur significant costs associated with responding to any investigation into such violations. 
 Increasing transportation regulations may increase our costs and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 We are developing a transportation system specifically dedicated to transporting LNG using ISO tank containers and trucks to our customers and facilities. This transportation system may include trucks that we or our affiliates own and operate. Any such operations would be subject to various trucking safety regulations in the various countries where we operate, including those which are enacted, reviewed and amended by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration FMCSA ). These regulatory authorities exercise broad powers, governing activities such as the authorization to engage in motor carrier operations, driver licensing, insurance requirements, and transportation of hazardous materials. To a large degree, intrastate motor carrier operations are subject to state and/or local safety regulations that mirror federal regulations but also regulate the weight and size dimensions of loads. Any trucking operations would be subject to possible regulatory and legislative changes that may increase our costs. Some of these possible changes include changes in environmental regulations, changes in the hours of service regulations which govern the amount of time a driver may drive or work in any specific period, onboard black box recorder device requirements, requirements to use electric vehicles or limits on vehicle weight and size. In addition to increased costs, fines and penalties, any non-compliance or violation of these regulations, could result in the suspension of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
 Our chartered vessels operating in certain jurisdictions, including the United States, now or in the future, may be subject to cabotage laws, including the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, as amended (the Jones Act ). 
 Certain activities related to our logistics and shipping operations may constitute coastwise trade within the meaning of laws and regulations of the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Under these laws and regulations, often referred to as cabotage laws, including the Jones Act in the U.S., only vessels meeting specific national ownership, crewing and registration requirements or which are subject to an exception or exemption, may engage in such coastwise trade. When we operate or charter foreign-flagged vessels, we do so within the current interpretation of such cabotage laws with respect to permitted activities for foreign-flagged vessels. Significant changes in cabotage laws or to the interpretation of such laws in the places where we operate could affect our ability to operate or charter, or competitively operate or charter, our foreign-flagged vessels in those waters. If we do not continue to comply with such laws and regulations, we could incur severe penalties, such as fines or forfeiture of any vessels or their cargo, and any noncompliance or allegations of noncompliance could disrupt our operations in the relevant jurisdiction. Any noncompliance or alleged noncompliance could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our business, our results of operations and cash flows, and could weaken our financial condition. 
 We may not own the land on which our projects are located and are subject to leases, rights-of-ways, easements and other property rights for our operations. 
 We have obtained long-term leases and corresponding rights-of-way agreements and easements with respect to the land on which various of our projects are located, including the Jamaica Facilities, the pipeline connecting the Montego Bay Facility to the Bogue Power Plant (as defined herein), the Miami Facility, the San Juan Facility and the CHP Plant are situated, facilities in Brazil such as the Garuva-Itapoa pipeline connecting the TBG pipeline to the Sao Francisco do Sul terminal, rights of way to the Petrobras/Transpetro OSPAR oil pipeline facilities, among others. In addition, our operations will require agreements with ports proximate to our facilities capable of handling the transload of LNG direct from our occupying vessel to our transportation assets. We may not own the land on which these facilities are located. As a result, we are subject to the possibility of increased costs to retain necessary land use rights as well as applicable law and 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 regulations, including permits and authorizations from governmental agencies or third parties. If we were to lose these rights or be required to relocate, we would not be able to continue our operations at those sites and our business could be materially and adversely affected. If we are unable to enter into favorable contracts or to obtain the necessary regulatory and land use approvals on favorable terms, we may not be able to construct and operate our assets as anticipated, or at all, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We could be negatively impacted by environmental, social, and governance ESG and sustainability-related matters. 
 Governments, investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on corporate ESG practices and disclosures, and expectations in this area are rapidly evolving. We have announced, and may in the future announce, sustainability-focused goals, initiatives, investments and partnerships. These initiatives, aspirations, targets or objectives reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these initiatives and goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation and stock price. 
 In addition, the standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various voluntary reporting standards may change from time to time and may result in a lack of comparative data from period to period. Moreover, our processes and controls may not always align with evolving voluntary standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. In this regard, the criteria by which our ESG practices and disclosures are assessed may change due to the quickly evolving landscape, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. The increasing attention to corporate ESG initiatives could also result in increased investigations and litigation or threats thereof. If we are unable to satisfy such new criteria, investors may conclude that our ESG and sustainability practices are inadequate. If we fail or are perceived to have failed to achieve previously announced initiatives or goals or to accurately disclose our progress on such initiatives or goals, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 Information technology failures and cyberattacks could affect us significantly. 
 We rely on electronic systems and networks to communicate, control and manage our operations and prepare our financial management and reporting information. If we record inaccurate data or experience infrastructure outages, our ability to communicate and control and manage our business could be adversely affected. We face various security threats, including cybersecurity threats from third parties and unauthorized users to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable, threats to the security of our facilities, liquefaction facilities, and infrastructure or third-party facilities and infrastructure, such as processing plants and pipelines, and threats from terrorist acts. Our network systems and storage and other business applications, and the systems and storage and other business applications maintained by our third-party providers, have been in the past, and may be in the future, subjected to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our network or information, malfeasance or other system disruptions. 
 Our implementation of various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities, liquefaction facilities, and infrastructure may result in increased capital and operating costs. Moreover, there can be no assurance that such procedures and controls will be sufficient to prevent security breaches from occurring. If security breaches were to occur, they could lead to losses of sensitive information, critical infrastructure or capabilities essential to our operations. If we were to experience an attack and our security measures failed, the potential consequences to our business and the communities in which we operate could be significant and could harm our reputation and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability. 
 Our insurance may be insufficient to cover losses that may occur to our property or result from our operations. 
 Our current operations and future projects are subject to the inherent risks associated with construction of energy-related infrastructure, LNG, natural gas, power and maritime operations, shipping and transportation of hazardous substances, including explosions, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, seismic events, hurricanes and other adverse weather conditions, acts of aggression or terrorism, and other risks or hazards, each of which could result in significant delays in commencement or interruptions of operations and/or result in damage to or destruction of the facilities, liquefaction facilities and assets or damage to persons and property. We do not, nor do we intend to, maintain insurance 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 against all of these risks and losses. In particular, we do not generally carry business interruption insurance or political risk insurance with respect to political disruption in the countries in which we operate and that may in the future experience significant political volatility. Therefore, the occurrence of one or more significant events not fully insured or indemnified against could create significant liabilities and losses or delays to our development timelines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Even if we choose to carry insurance for these events in the future, it may not be adequate to protect us from loss, which may include, for example, losses as a result of project delays or losses as a result of business interruption related to a political disruption. Any attempt to recover from loss from political disruption may be time-consuming and expensive, and the outcome may be uncertain. In addition, our insurance may be voidable by the insurers as a result of certain of our actions. Furthermore, we may be unable to procure adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates in the future. For example, environmental regulations have led in the past to increased costs for, and in the future may result in the lack of availability of, insurance against risks of environmental damage or pollution. Changes in the insurance markets attributable to terrorist attacks or political change may also make certain types of insurance more difficult or costly for us to obtain. 
 Our success depends on key members of our management, the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations. 
 We depend to a large extent on the services of our chief executive officer, Wesley R. Edens, our other executive officers and other key employees. Mr. Edens does not have an employment agreement with us. The loss of the services of Mr. Edens or one or more of our other key executives or employees could disrupt our operations and increase our exposure to the other risks described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors. We do not maintain key man insurance on Mr. Edens or any of our employees. As a result, we are not insured against any losses resulting from the death of our key employees. 
 We may experience increased labor costs and regulation, and the unavailability of skilled workers or our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel, as well as our ability to comply with such labor laws, could adversely affect us. 
 We are dependent upon the available labor pool of skilled employees for the construction and operation of our facilities and liquefaction facilities, as well as our FSRUs, FLNGs and LNG carriers. We compete with other energy companies and other employers to attract and retain qualified personnel with the technical skills and experience required to construct and operate our infrastructure and assets and to provide our customers with the highest quality service. In addition, the tightening of the labor market due to the shortage of skilled employees may affect our ability to hire and retain skilled employees, impair our operations and require us to pay increased wages. We are subject to labor laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate and hire our personnel, which can govern such matters as minimum wage, overtime, union relations, local content requirements and other working conditions. For example, Brazil, where some of our vessels operate, require we hire a certain portion of local personnel to crew our vessels. Any inability to attract and retain qualified local crew members could adversely affect our operations, business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, j urisdiction-specific employment, labor, and subcontracting laws may affect contracting strategies and impact construction and operations. A shortage in the labor pool of skilled workers or other general inflationary pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations, could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified personnel and could require an increase in the wage and benefits packages that we offer, thereby increasing our operating costs. Any increase in our operating costs could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 
 Our business could be affected adversely by labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages. 
 Some of our employees, particularly those in our Latin American operations, are represented by a labor union and are covered by collective bargaining agreements pursuant to applicable labor legislation. As a result, we are subject to the risk of labor disputes, strikes, work stoppages and other labor-relations matters. We could experience a disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Future negotiations with the unions or other certified bargaining representatives could divert management attention and disrupt operations, which may result in increased operating expenses and lower net income. Moreover, future agreements with unionized and non-unionized employees may be on terms that are not as attractive as our current agreements or comparable to agreements entered into by our competitors. Labor unions could also seek to organize some or all of our non-unionized workforce. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to the Jurisdictions in Which We Operate 
 We are subject to the economic, political, social and other conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 Our projects are located in the United States (including Puerto Rico), the Caribbean, Brazil, Mexico, Ireland, Nicaragua and other geographies and we have operations and derive revenues from additional markets. Furthermore, part of our strategy consists in seeking to expand our operations to other jurisdictions. As a result, our projects, operations, business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects are materially dependent upon economic, political, social and other conditions and developments in these jurisdictions. Some of these countries have experienced political, security, and social economic instability in the recent past and may experience instability in the future, including changes, sometimes frequent or marked, in energy policies or the personnel administering them, expropriation of property, cancellation or modification of contract rights, changes in laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies, unilateral renegotiation of contracts by governmental entities, redefinition of international boundaries or boundary disputes, foreign exchange restrictions or controls, currency fluctuations, royalty and tax increases and other risks arising out of governmental sovereignty over the areas in which our operations are conducted, as well as risks of loss due to acts of social unrest, terrorism, corruption and bribery. For example, in 2019, public demonstrations in Puerto Rico led to the governor s resignation and the resulting political change interrupted the bidding process for the privatization of PREPA s transmission and distribution systems. While our operations to date have not been materially impacted by the demonstrations or political changes in Puerto Rico, any substantial disruption in our ability to perform our obligations under any agreements with PREPA and/or Puerto Rico Public - Private Partnerships Authority (P3A) could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, we cannot predict how our relationship that one of our subsidiaries, as agent of PREPA, could change their role as operator of PREPA's legacy generation assets. Additionally, PREPA may seek to find alternative power sources or purchase substantially less natural gas from us than what we currently expect to sell to PREPA. In addition, we cannot predict how local sentiment and support for our subsidiaries operations in Puerto Rico could change now that Puerto Rico s power generation systems have been privatized. Should our operations face material local opposition, it could materially adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations under our contracts or could materially adversely impact PREPA or any applicable governmental counterparty s performance of its obligations to us. The governments in these jurisdictions differ widely with respect to structure, constitution and stability and some countries lack mature legal and regulatory systems. As our operations depend on governmental approval and regulatory decisions, we may be adversely affected by changes in the political structure or government representatives in each of the countries in which we operate. In addition, these jurisdictions, particularly emerging countries, are subject to risk of contagion from the economic, political and social developments in other emerging countries and markets. 
 Furthermore, some of the regions in which we operate have been subject to significant levels of terrorist activity and social unrest, particularly in the shipping and maritime industries. Past political conflicts in certain of these regions have included attacks on vessels, mining of waterways and other efforts to disrupt shipping in the area. In addition to acts of terrorism, vessels trading in these and other regions have also been subject, in limited instances, to piracy. Tariffs, trade embargoes and other economic sanctions by the United States or other countries against countries in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Africa or elsewhere as a result of terrorist attacks, hostilities or otherwise may limit trading activities with those countries. See Our Charterers may inadvertently violate applicable sanctions and/or call on ports located in, or engage in transactions with, countries that are subject to restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other governments, which could adversely affect its business. We do not, nor do we intend to, maintain insurance (such as business interruption insurance or terrorism) against all of these risks and losses. Any claims covered by insurance will be subject to deductibles, which may be significant, and we may not be fully reimbursed for all the costs related to any losses created by such risks. See Our insurance may be insufficient to cover losses that may occur to our property or result from our operations. As a result, the occurrence of any economic, political, social and other instability or adverse conditions or developments in the jurisdictions in which we operate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 Our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected by foreign exchange fluctuations. 
 While our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we generate revenues and incur operating expenses and indebtedness in local currencies in the countries where we operate, such as, among others, the euro, the Mexican peso and the Brazilian real. The amount of our revenues denominated in a particular currency in a particular country typically varies from the amount of expenses or indebtedness incurred by our operations in that country given that certain costs may be incurred in a currency different from the local currency of that country, such as the U.S. dollar. Therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates used to translate other currencies into U.S. dollars could result in potential losses 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 and reductions in our margins resulting from currency fluctuations, which may impact our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows from period to period. These fluctuations in exchange rates will also impact the value of our investments and the return on our investments. Additionally, some of the jurisdictions in which we operate may limit our ability to exchange local currency for U.S. dollars and elect to intervene by implementing exchange rate regimes, including sudden devaluations, periodic mini devaluations, exchange controls, dual exchange rate markets and a floating exchange rate system. There can be no assurance that non-U.S. currencies will not be subject to volatility and depreciation or that the current exchange rate policies affecting these currencies will remain the same. For example, the Mexican peso and the Brazilian real have experienced significant fluctuations relative to the U.S. dollar in the past. We may choose not to hedge, or we may not be effective in efforts to hedge, this foreign currency risk. See Risks Related to our Business Any use of hedging arrangements may adversely affect our future operating results or liquidity. Depreciation or volatility of these currencies against the U.S. dollar could cause counterparties to be unable to pay their contractual obligations under our agreements or to lose confidence in us and may cause our expenses to increase from time to time relative to our revenues as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates, which could affect the amount of net income that we report in future periods. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our Class A common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our Class A common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above your purchase price, if at all. The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our Class A common stock include: 
 
 a shift in our investor base; 
 our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other comparable companies; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant investments, acquisitions or dispositions; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover our Class A common stock; 
 changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
 the operating and share price performance of other comparable companies; 
 overall market fluctuations; 
 general economic conditions; and 
 developments in the markets and market sectors in which we participate. 
 Stock markets in the United States have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Market fluctuations, as well as general political and economic conditions such as acts of terrorism, prolonged economic uncertainty, a recession or interest rate or currency rate fluctuations, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 A small number of our original investors have the ability to direct the voting of a significant amount of our common stock, and their interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders. 
 As of September 30, 2024, affiliates of the Founder Entities owned an aggregate of approximately 87,136,768 shares of Class A common stock, representing approximately 42.1 of our voting power, and affiliates of Energy Transition 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Holdings LLC, party to the Shareholders' Agreement, own an aggregate of approximately 25,559,846 shares of our Class A common stock, representing approximately 12.3 of the voting power of our Class A common stock. The beneficial ownership of almost 50 of our voting stock means affiliates of the Founder Entities and Energy Transition Holdings LLC are able to have significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, changes to our organizational documents and significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership makes it unlikely that any other holder or group of holders of our Class A common stock will be able to affect the way we are managed or the direction of our business. The interests of these parties with respect to matters potentially or actually involving or affecting us, such as future acquisitions, financings and other corporate opportunities and attempts to acquire us, may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders, including holders of the Class A common stock. 
 Given this concentrated ownership, the affiliates of the Founder Entities and Energy Transition Holdings LLC would have significant influence over any potential acquisition of us. The existence of a significant stockholder may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of our company. Moreover, the concentration of stock ownership with affiliates of the Founder Entities and Energy Transition Holdings LLC may adversely affect the trading price of our securities, including our Class A common stock, to the extent investors perceive a disadvantage in owning securities of a company with a significant stockholder. 
 Furthermore, New Fortress Energy Holdings has assigned, pursuant to the terms of the Shareholders Agreement, to the Founder Entities, New Fortress Energy Holdings right to designate a certain number of individuals to be nominated for election to our board of directors so long as its assignees collectively beneficially own at least 5 of the outstanding Class A common stock. The Shareholders Agreement provides that the parties to the Shareholders Agreement (including certain former members of New Fortress Energy Holdings) shall vote their stock in favor of such nominees. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation provides the Founder Entities the right to approve certain material transactions so long as the Founder Entities and their affiliates collectively, directly or indirectly, own at least 30 of the outstanding Class A common stock. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and could deprive our investors of the opportunity to receive a premium for their Class A common stock. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock (including the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) without stockholder approval in one or more series, designate the number of stock constituting any series, and fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price or prices and liquidation preferences of such series. If our board of directors elects to issue preferred stock, it could be more difficult for a third party to acquire us. In addition, some provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our security holders. These provisions include: 
 dividing our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving staggered three-year terms; 
 providing that any vacancies may, except as otherwise required by law, or, if applicable, the rights of holders of a series of preferred stock, only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum (provided that vacancies that results from newly created directors requires a quorum); 
 permitting special meetings of our stockholders to be called only by (i) the chairman of our board of directors, (ii) a majority of our board of directors, or (iii) a committee of our board of directors that has been duly designated by the board of directors and whose powers include the authority to call such meetings; 
 prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 establishing advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of the stockholders; and 
 providing that the board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, or to alter or repeal certain provisions of our organizational documents to the extent permitted by law. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we have opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. However, our Certificate of Incorporation includes a similar provision, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder means any person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who owned 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock at any time within the previous three years, but shall not include any person who acquired such stock from the Founder Entities or Energy Transition Holdings LLC (except in the context of a public offering) or any person whose ownership of stock in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock is the result of any action taken solely by us. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Founder Entities and Energy Transition Holdings LLC and any of their respective direct or indirect transferees, and any group as to which such persons are a party, do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision. 
 Our By-Laws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 
 Our By-Laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of our organizational documents or the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions described in the preceding sentence. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it considers more likely to be favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our organizational documents inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 The declaration and payment of dividends to holders of our Class A common stock is at the discretion of our board of directors and we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. Any future declaration and payment of dividends to holders of our Class A common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors in accordance with applicable law after taking into account various factors, including actual results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, net cash provided by operating activities, restrictions imposed by applicable law, restrictions imposed by our debt agreements, our taxable income, our operating expenses and other factors our board of directors deem relevant. Because we are a holding company and have no direct operations, we will only be able to pay dividends in the future from our available cash on hand and any funds we receive from our subsidiaries and our ability to receive distributions from our subsidiaries may be limited by the financing agreements to which they are subject. 
 The incurrence or issuance of debt which ranks senior to our Class A common stock upon our liquidation and future issuances of equity or equity-related securities, which would dilute the holdings of our existing Class A common stockholders and may be senior to our Class A common stock for the purposes of making distributions, periodically or upon liquidation, may negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We have incurred and may in the future incur or issue debt or issue equity or equity-related securities to finance our operations, acquisitions or investments. Upon our liquidation, lenders and holders of our debt and holders of our preferred stock, such as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that was issued upon closing of the PortoCem acquisition, would receive a distribution of our available assets before Class A common stockholders. Any future incurrence or issuance of debt would increase our interest cost and could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We are not required to offer any additional equity securities to existing Class A common stockholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, additional issuances of Class A common stock, whether directly, through convertible securities, such as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, or exchangeable securities (including limited partnership interests in our operating partnership), warrants or options, will dilute the holdings of our existing Class A common stockholders and such issuances, 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 or the perception of such issuances, may reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. Any preferred stock issued by us would likely, and the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has a preference on distribution payments, periodically or upon liquidation, which could eliminate or otherwise limit our ability to make distributions to Class A common stockholders. Because our decision to incur or issue additional debt or equity or equity-related securities (other than the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock) in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts. Thus, Class A common stockholders bear the risk that our future incurrence or issuance of debt or issuance of equity or equity-related securities will adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We may issue additional preferred stock, the terms of which could adversely affect the voting power or value of our Class A common stock. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws authorize us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our Class A common stock in respect of dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. As part of the PortoCem Acquisition, we issued 96,746 shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The terms of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or one or more classes or series of other preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of our Class A common stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the Class A common stock. For example, each share of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of 1,000. 
 Sales or issuances of our Class A common stock could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. The issuance of our Class A common stock in connection with property, portfolio or business acquisitions or the exercise of outstanding options or otherwise could also have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 An active, liquid and orderly trading market for our Class A common stock may not be maintained and the price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 Prior to January 2019, there was no public market for our Class A common stock. An active, liquid and orderly trading market for our Class A common stock may not be maintained. Active, liquid and orderly trading markets usually result in less price volatility and more efficiency in carrying out investors purchase and sale orders. The market price of our Class A common stock could vary significantly as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. In the event of a drop in the market price of our Class A common stock, you could lose a substantial part or all of your investment in our Class A common stock. 
 
 General Risks 
 We are a holding company and our operational and consolidated financial results are dependent on the results of our subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures and special purpose entities in which we invest. 
 We conduct our business mainly through our operating subsidiaries and affiliates, including joint ventures and other special purpose entities, which are created specifically to participate in projects or manage a specific asset. Our ability to meet our financial obligations is therefore related in part to the cash flow and earnings of our subsidiaries and affiliates and the ability or willingness of these entities to make distributions or other transfers of earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or other advances and payments, which are governed by various shareholder agreements, joint venture financing and operating arrangements. In addition, some of our operating subsidiaries, joint venture and special purpose entities are subject to restrictive covenants related to their indebtedness, including restrictions on dividend distributions. Any additional debt or other financing could include similar restrictions, which would limit their ability to make distributions or other transfers of earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or other advances and payments. Similarly, we may fail to realize anticipated benefits of any joint venture or similar arrangement, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 We may engage in mergers, sales and acquisitions, divestments, reorganizations or similar transactions related to our businesses or assets in the future and we may fail to successfully complete such transaction or to realize the expected value. 
 In furtherance of our business strategy, we may engage in mergers, purchases or sales, divestments, reorganizations or other similar transactions related to our businesses or assets in the future. Any such transactions may be subject to significant risks and contingencies, including the risk of integration, valuation and successful implementation, and we may not be able to realize the benefits of any such transactions. We may also engage in sales of our assets or sale and leaseback transactions that seek to monetize our assets and there is no guarantee that such sales of assets will be executed at the prices we desire or higher than the values we currently carry these assets at on our balance sheet. We do not know if we will be able to successfully complete any such transactions or whether we will be able to retain key personnel, suppliers or distributors. Our ability to successfully implement our strategy through such transactions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate and complete suitable transactions and to obtain the required financing on terms acceptable to us. These efforts could be expensive and time consuming, disrupt our ongoing business and distract management. If we are unable to successfully complete our transactions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 A change in tax laws in any country in which we operate could adversely affect us. 
 Tax laws, regulations and treaties are highly complex and subject to interpretation. Consequently, we are subject to changing laws, treaties and regulations in and between the countries in which we operate. Our tax expense is based on our interpretation of the tax laws in effect at the time the expense was incurred. A change in tax laws, regulations, or treaties, or in the interpretation thereof, could result in a materially higher tax expense or a higher effective tax rate on our earnings. Our after-tax profitability could be affected by numerous factors, including the availability of tax credits, exemptions and other benefits to reduce our tax liabilities, changes in the relative amount of our earnings subject to tax in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, the potential expansion of our business into or otherwise becoming subject to tax in additional jurisdictions, changes to our existing businesses and operations, the extent of our intercompany transactions and the extent to which taxing authorities in the relevant jurisdictions respect those intercompany transactions. Our after-tax profitability may also be affected by changes in the relevant tax laws and tax rates, regulations, administrative practices and principles, judicial decisions, and interpretations, in each case, possibly with retroactive effect. For example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is coordinating negotiations among more than 140 countries with the goal of achieving consensus around substantial changes to international tax policies, including the implementation of a minimum global effective tax rate of 15 . Various countries have implemented the legislation and others may in the future, which could increase our effective tax rate. 
 We have been and may be involved in legal proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes. 
 We have been and may in the future be subject to material legal proceedings in the course of our business or otherwise, including, but not limited to, actions relating to contract disputes, business practices, intellectual property, real estate and leases, and other commercial, tax, regulatory and permitting matters. Such legal proceedings may involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief or might necessitate changes to our business or operations, and the defense of such actions may be both time-consuming and expensive. Moreover, the process of litigating requires substantial time, which may distract our management. Even if we are successful, any litigation may be costly, and may approximate the cost of damages sought. These actions could also expose us to adverse publicity, which might adversely affect our reputation and therefore, our results of operations. Further, if any such proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a publicly traded company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Any failure to develop or maintain effective internal controls, or difficulties encountered in implementing or improving our internal controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our share price could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose viability in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 We are unable to predict the extent to which global pandemics and health crises will negatively affect our operations, financial performance, nor our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. We are also unable to predict how a global pandemic may affect our customers and suppliers. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused economic disruptions in various regions, disruptions in global supply chains, significant volatility and disruption of financial markets and in the price of oil and other commodities. Any future global health crisis or pandemic could make, travel and commercial activity significantly more cumbersome and less efficient compared to pre-pandemic conditions. Because the severity, magnitude and duration of any such crisis or pandemic and its economic consequences are uncertain, rapidly-changing and difficult to predict, its impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as its impact on our ability to successfully execute our business strategies and initiatives, could be uncertain and difficult to predict. Further, the ultimate impact of any such pandemic or crisis on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited, to: governmental, business and individuals actions that may be taken in response to the pandemic (including restrictions on travel and transport and workforce pressures); the impact of such pandemic or crisis and actions taken in response on global and regional economies, travel, and economic activity; the availability of federal, state, local or non-U.S. funding programs, as well as other monetary and financial policies enacted by governments (including monetary policy, taxation, exchange controls, interest rates, regulation of banking and financial services and other industries, government budgeting and public sector financing); the duration and severity of resurgences of any variants; general economic uncertainty in key global markets and financial market volatility; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the pace of recovery when the pandemic or crisis subsides. Our operations, financial performance and financial condition could be subjected to a number of operational financial risks in any such future pandemic or crisis. Although the services we provide are generally deemed essential, we may face negative impacts from increased operational challenges based on the need to protect employee health and safety, workplace disruptions and restrictions on the movement of people including our employees and subcontractors, and disruptions to supply chains related to raw materials and goods both at our own facilities, liquefaction facilities and at customers and suppliers. We may also experience a lower demand for natural gas at our existing customers and a decrease in interest from potential customers as a result of the pandemic s impact on the operations and financial condition of our customers and potential customers, as well as the price of available fuel options, including oil-based fuels as well as strains the pandemic places on the capacity of potential customers to evaluate purchasing our goods and services. We may experience customer requests for potential payment deferrals or other contract modifications and delays of potential or ongoing construction projects due to government guidance or customer requests. Conditions in the financial and credit markets may limit the availability of funding and pose heightened risks to future financings we may require. These and other factors we cannot anticipate could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. It is possible that the longer this period of economic and global supply chain and disruption continues, the greater the uncertainty will be regarding the possible adverse impact on our business operations, financial performance and results of operations. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 (a) None. 
 
 (b) None. 
 
 (c) None. 
 Some of our operating subsidiaries, joint venture and special purpose entities are subject to restrictive covenants related to their indebtedness, including restrictions on dividend distributions. For information on our long-term debt 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 obligations and debt and lease restrictions, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Long-Term Debt and Preferred Stock Debt and lease restrictions. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Certificate of Conversion of New Fortress Energy Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020). 3.2 
 Certificate of Incorporation of New Fortress Energy Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020). 3.3 
 Certificate of Designations of New Fortress Energy Inc., designating the Company s 4.8 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2024). 
 3.4 
 Bylaws of New Fortress Energy Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020). 10.2 
 Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on December 24, 2018). 10.3 
 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated New Fortress Energy Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on November 8, 2022). 10.4 
 Shareholders Agreement, dated February 4, 2019, by and among New Fortress Energy LLC, New Fortress Energy Holdings LLC, Wesley R. Edens and Randal A. Nardone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.5 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 4, 2019, by and between New Fortress Intermediate LLC and FIG LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.6 
 Indemnification Agreement (Edens) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.7 
 Indemnification Agreement (Guinta) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.8 
 Indemnification Agreement (Catterall) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 10.9 
 Indemnification Agreement (Grain) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.10 
 Indemnification Agreement (Griffin) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.11 
 Indemnification Agreement (Mack) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.12 
 Indemnification Agreement (Nardone) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.13 
 Indemnification Agreement (Wanner) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2019). 10.14 
 Indemnification Agreement (Jay) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2023). 10.15 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2019, by and between New Fortress Energy LLC and Yunyoung Shin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2019). 10.16 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2019, by and between NFE Management LLC and Yunyoung Shin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2020). 10.17 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2017, by and between NFE Management LLC and Christopher S. Guinta (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.18 
 Indenture, dated September 2, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and as notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2020). 10.19 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated September 2, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2020). 10.20 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated December 17, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and as notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 18, 2020). 10.21 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2021, between NFE US Holdings LLC, as Guaranteeing Subsidiary, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.22 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2021, between Golar GP LLC (now known as NFE GP LLC), as Guaranteeing Subsidiary, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 10.23 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2021, between NFE Mexico Power Holdings Limited and NFE Mexico Terminal Holdings Limited, as Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.24 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 24, 2021, between NFE International Shipping LLC, NFE Global Shipping LLC, NFE Grand Shipping LLC and NFE International Holdings Limited, as Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.25 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2022, between NFE UK Holdings Limited, NFE Global Holdings Limited and NFE Bermuda Holdings Limited, as Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.26 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2022, between NFE Andromeda Chartering LLC, as Guaranteeing Subsidiary, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.27 
 Indenture, dated April 12, 2021, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and as notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021). 10.28 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated April 12, 2021, by and among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors, from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021). 10.29 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2021, between Golar GP LLC (now known as NFE GP LLC), as Guaranteeing Subsidiary, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.30 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2021, between NFE Mexico Power Holdings Limited and NFE Mexico Terminal Holdings Limited, as Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.31 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 24, 2021, between NFE International Shipping LLC, NFE Global Shipping LLC, NFE Grand Shipping LLC and NFE International Holdings Limited, as Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.32 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2022, between NFE UK Holdings Limited, NFE Global Holdings Limited and NFE Bermuda Holdings Limited, as Guaranteeing Subsidiaries, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 10.33 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2022, between NFE Andromeda Chartering LLC, as Guaranteeing Subsidiary, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.34 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc,. as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 21, 2021). 10.35 
 First amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time partly thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time partly thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022). 
 10.36 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2022 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022). 10.37 
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2022 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022). 10.38 
 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2023 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.39 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2023 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2023). 
 10.40 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2023 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024). 
 10.41 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2023 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent and collateral agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2024). 10.42 
 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2024 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and MUFG Bank Ltd., as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 10.43 
 Equity Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2022, by and among Golar LNG Partners LP and Hygo Energy Transition Ltd., as Sellers, AP Neptune Holdings Ltd, as Purchaser, Floating Infrastructure Holdings LLC, as the Company, and Floating Infrastructure Intermediate LLC, as Holdco Pledgor, and Floating Infrastructure Holdings finance LLC, as Borrower, and New Fortress Energy Inc.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 
 10.44 
 Second Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated July 27, 2022, by and among New Fortress Energy Inc., the guarantors party thereto, Natixis, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, Natixis, New York Branch, as ULCA Collateral Agent, Natixis, New York Branch, and each of the other financial institutions party thereto, as Lenders and Issuing Banks (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 
 10.45 
 Incremental Joinder Agreement Regarding to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated February 6, 2023, by and among New Fortress Energy Inc., the guarantors party thereto, Natixis, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent and as Issuing Bank, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as Issuing Bank, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as Issuing Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2023). 10.46 
 Incremental Joinder Agreement Regarding to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated November 2, 2023, by and among New Fortress Energy Inc., the guarantors party thereto, Natixis, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent and as an Issuing Bank and Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch as an Incremental Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024). 
 10.47 
 Third Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated May 17, 2024, by and among New Fortress Energy Inc., the guarantors party thereto, Natixis, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, Natixis, New York Branch, as ULCA Collateral Agent, Natixis, New York Branch, and each of the other financial institutions party thereto, as Lenders and Issuing Banks (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2024). 
 10.48 
 Fourth Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated September 30, 2024, by and among New Fortress Energy Inc., the guarantors party thereto, Natixis, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, Natixis, New York Branch, as ULCA Collateral Agent, Natixis, New York Branch, and each of the other financial institutions party thereto, as Lenders and Issuing Banks. 
 10.49 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2023, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024). 
 10.50 
 Indenture, dated March 8, 2024, by and among New Fortress Energy Inc., the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and as notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024). 
 10.51 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated March 8, 2024, by and among New Fortress Energy Inc., the subsidiary guarantors, from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as notes collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024). 10.52 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2024, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2024). 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 10.53 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2024, by and among the Company, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent. 10.54 
 Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2024, by and among the Company and parties thereto. 31.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certifications by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Title 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certifications by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Title 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 Filed as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report. 
 Furnished as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report. 
 Compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # Portions of the exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in pursuant to Item 601 (b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC. Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Wesley R. Edens Name: Wesley R. Edens Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Christopher S. Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Yunyoung Shin Name: Yunyoung Shin Title: Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 108 

<EX-10.42>
 2
 a01nfe-rcfaramendmentno8.htm
 EX-10.42

a01nfe-rcfaramendmentno8 

Execution Version AMENDED AND RESTATED EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT This AMENDED AND RESTATED EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of September 30, 2024, is among NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each of the undersigned guarantors (the Guarantors ), the Lenders party hereto and MUFG BANK, LTD., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). R E C I T A L S A. The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof pursuant to the terms thereof, the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Lenders have made certain credit available to and on behalf of the Borrower. B. The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders constituting the Required Lenders have agreed to amend certain provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement as more fully set forth herein. C. This Amendment amends and restates in its entirety that certain Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2024, among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. D. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. Defined Terms. Each capitalized term which is defined in the Credit Agreement, but which is not defined in this Amendment, shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Credit Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all section, exhibit and schedule references in this Amendment refer to sections, exhibits or schedules of the Credit Agreement. 2 Section 2. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3, as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to read as set forth in Annex A hereto (by inserting the language indicated in single underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) in Annex A and by deleting the language indicated by strikethrough text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) in Annex A). Section 3. Conditions Precedent to Eighth Amendment Effective Date. This Amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent by any party, on the date (the Eighth Amendment Effective Date ), when each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 3.1 Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received this Amendment, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each Loan Party and the Required Lenders. 3.2 The Borrower shall have consummated amendments to (i) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2024, (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Borrower, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and (ii) that certain Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Borrower, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders and issuing banks and Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent and as collateral agent, in each case, in form and substance substantially similar to the amendments set forth in this Amendment on or before September 30, 2024. 3.3 [Reserved]. 3.4 Closing Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 3.2 and 3.5 are satisfied. 3.5 No Default; Representations and Warranties. As of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, both before and after giving effect to the effectiveness of the Amendment: (i) no event shall have occurred and be continuing that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof or thereof. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized and directed to declare this Amendment to be effective when it has received documents confirming or certifying, to the satisfaction of the 

3 Administrative Agent, compliance with the conditions set forth in this Section 3 or the waiver of such conditions as permitted in Section 9.1 of the Credit Agreement. Such declaration shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties to the Credit Agreement for all purposes. Section 4. Miscellaneous. 4.1 Confirmation . The provisions of the Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms following the effectiveness of this Amendment. 4.2 Ratification and Affirmation; Representations and Warranties. (a) The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby: (x) acknowledges and consents to the terms of this Amendment and (y) ratifies and affirms its obligations, and acknowledges, renews and extends its continued liability, under each Loan Document to which it is a party including, without limitation, any grant, pledge or collateral assignment of a lien or security interest, as applicable, contained therein and any guarantee provided by it therein, in each case as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to or as of the date hereof (including as amended pursuant to this Amendment) and agrees that each Loan Document to which it is a party remains in full force and effect, as expressly amended hereby and that none of its obligations thereunder shall be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Amendment (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law)). (b) The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby: (x) agrees that from and after the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Loan Documents shall be deemed to be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment; (y) acknowledges and agrees that nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect as modified hereby or by instruments executed concurrently herewith and (z) represents and warrants to the Agents, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders that as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment: (i) all representations and warranties contained in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof or thereof and (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default. Except as specifically provided herein, (i) nothing contained in this Amendment, nor any past indulgence by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank nor any other action or inaction on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank, shall constitute or be deemed to constitute a consent to, or waiver of, any other action or inaction of the Borrower or any of the other Loan Parties which results (or would result) in a Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor shall anything contained herein constitute 4 a course of conduct or dealing among the parties; (ii) the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks shall have no obligation to grant any future waivers, consents or amendments with respect to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iii) the parties hereto agree that nothing contained herein shall waive, affect or diminish any right of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks to hereafter demand strict compliance with the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 4.3 Release. The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby forever waives, releases, remises and discharges the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, their investment advisors, sub- advisors, and managers, and each of their respective Affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, and professionals, including, without limitation, Vinson Elkins LLP, as counsel to the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Releasees ), from any and all claims (including, without limitation, cross-claims, counterclaims, rights of setoff and recoupment), demands, obligations, liabilities, causes of action, damages, losses, costs and expenses of any kind or character, known or unknown, past or present, liquidated or unliquidated, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, which such Loan Party ever has or had on or prior to the Eighth Amendment Effective Date against any such Releasee which concerns, directly or indirectly, the Borrower or any Guarantor, the negotiation and execution of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any acts or omissions of any such Releasee relating to the Borrower, any Guarantor, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case, to the extent pertaining to facts, events or circumstances existing on or prior to (but not after) the Eighth Amendment Effective Date (the Released Claims ). The Loan Parties further covenant not to sue, commence, institute or prosecute, or supporting any Person that sues, commences, institutes, or prosecutes, any lawsuit, action or other proceeding against any Releasees with respect to any Released Claims. As to each and every claim released hereunder, each Loan Party hereby represents that it has received the advice of legal counsel with regard to the releases contained herein. The foregoing release shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, and the other Loan Documents and payment in full of all Obligations in respect thereof and is in addition to any other release or covenant not to sue in favor of the Releasees. 4.4 Counterparts. (a) This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Amendment signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (b) The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper- based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the 

5 Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. 4.5 Integration. This Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 4.6 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SECTIONS 9.12, 9.13 AND 9.16 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. 4.7 Payment of Expenses. In accordance with Section 9.5 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Agents for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development, preparation and execution of, this Amendment and any other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, limited in the case of counsel fees to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Agents and the Arrangers and one local counsel to the Agents, taken as a whole, in any relevant jurisdiction and the charges of any Platform. 4.8 Severability. Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 4.9 Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to the Credit Agreement and their respective successors and assigns permitted thereby. 4.10 Loan Document. This Amendment is a Loan Document as defined and described in the Credit Agreement and all of the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement relating to Loan Documents shall apply hereto. 4.11 Instruction to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. By its execution hereof, each undersigned Lender hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to execute this Amendment. [Signatures begin next page.] [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., as the Borrower By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer NEW FORTRESS INTERMEDIATE LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer NFE ATLANTIC HOLDINGS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] AMERICAN ENERGY LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS LLC ATLANTIC ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY GPF HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY GPF PARTNERS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY POWER HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY POWER PARTNERS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY TRANSPORT HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY TRANSPORT PARTNERS LLC ISLAND LNG LLC LA DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC LA REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS LLC LA REAL ESTATE PARTNERS LLC LNG HOLDINGS LLC NFE FLNG 2 LLC NEW FORTRESS ENERGY MARKETING LLC NEW FORTRESS ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC NFE ANDROMEDA CHARTERING LLC NFE ANGOLA HOLDINGS LLC NFE BCS HOLDINGS (A) LLC NFE BCS HOLDINGS (B) LLC NFE EQUIPMENT HOLDINGS LLC NFE EQUIPMENT PARTNERS LLC NFE GHANA HOLDINGS LLC NFE GHANA PARTNERS LLC NFE GLOBAL SHIPPING LLC NFE GRAND SHIPPING LLC NFE HONDURAS HOLDINGS LLC NFE INTERNATIONAL LLC NFE INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING LLC NFE ISO HOLDINGS LLC NFE ISO PARTNERS LLC NFE JAMAICA GP LLC NFE LOGISTICS HOLDINGS LLC NFE MANAGEMENT LLC NFE NICARAGUA DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC NFE NICARAGUA HOLDINGS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] NFE NORTH TRADING LLC NFE PIONEER 1 LLC NFE PIONEER 2 LLC NFE PIONEER 3 LLC NFE PLANT DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC NFE FLNG 1 ISSUER LLC NFE SOUTH POWER HOLDINGS LLC NFE SUB LLC NFE TRANSPORT HOLDINGS LLC NFE TRANSPORT PARTNERS LLC NFE US HOLDINGS LLC PA DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC PA REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS LLC PA REAL ESTATE PARTNERS LLC TICO DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS HOLDINGS LLC TICO DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] AMERICAN LNG MARKETING LLC LNG HOLDINGS (FLORIDA) LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] ATLANTIC DISTRIBUTION HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC POWER HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC PIPELINE HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC TERMINAL INFRASTRUCTURE HOLDINGS SRL By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Manager ATLANTIC POWER HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE BERMUDA HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE SOUTH HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director incorporated under Bermuda law NFE SHANNON HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director NFE NORTH DISTRIBUTION LIMITED NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE NORTH TRANSPORT LIMITED NFE SOUTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE SOUTH POWER TRADING LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] AMAUNET, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFENERGIA MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFENERGIA GN DE BCS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE PACIFICO LAP, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE BCS MEXICO HOLDINGS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE ALTAMIRA ONSHORE, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Legal Representative [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] MEXICO FLNG ONSHORE, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Legal Representative 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] NFENERGIA LLC SOLUCIONES DE ENERGIA LIMPIA PR LLC NFE POWER PR LLC ENCANTO EAST LLC ENCANTO WEST LLC ENCANTO POWER WEST LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Authorized Signatory NFE MEXICO HOLDINGS S.A R.L. NFE MEXICO HOLDINGS PARENT S.A R.L. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Authorized Signatory NFE NICARAGUA DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC, SUCURSAL NICARAGUA By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer NFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director NFE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director incorporated under the laws of England and Wales [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] NFE MEXICO POWER HOLDINGS LIMITED By: Name: Title: /s/Christopher Guinta Christopher S. Guinta Director NFE MEXICO TERMINAL HOLDINGS LTh1ITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Director NFE UK HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director NFE GP LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta _ Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] MUFG BANK, LTD., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent By: Name: Title: /s/Kevin Sparks Kevin Sparks Director [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Lender By: /s/Kevin Sparks Name: Kevin Sparks Title: Director 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as a Lender By: /s/William Graham Name: William Graham Title: Authorized Signatory [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] Confidential Texas Capital Bank as a Lender By: /s/Sarah Freedman Name: Sarah Freedman Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as a Lender By: /s/Priyankush Goswami Name: Priyankush Goswami Title: Authorized Signatory [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Lender By: /s/Edward Sacks Name: Edward Sacks Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, as a Lender By: /s/Fanny Charrier Name: Fanny Charrier Title: Director By: /s/Andrew Sidford Name: Andrew Sidford Title: Managing Director [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender By: /s/Philip Tancorra Name: Philip Tancorra Title: Director By: /s/Ilir Hasi Name: Ilir Hasi Title: Managing Director 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as a Lender By: /s/Arina Mavilian Name: Arina Mavilian Title: Authorized Officer [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] [____HSBC Bank USA, N.A__________], as a Lender By: /s/Mark K. Wheeler Name: Mark K Wheeler Title: Vice President (Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit 1 ,>reementl 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender By: /s/Gabriel Juarez Name: Gabriel Juarez Title: Vice President [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender By: /s/Yash Anand Name: Yash Anand Title: Managing Director By: /s/Nathan Talburt Name: Nathan Talburt Title: Associate [Signature Page to Amended and Restated Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender By: /s/Mary Harold Name: Mary Harold Title: Managing Director [Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender By: /s/Blanca Izaguirre Name: Blanca Izaguirre Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement] BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender By: /s/Sydney G. Dennis Name: Sydney G. Dennis Title: Director BANCO SANTANDER, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH By: /s/D. Andrew Maletta Name: D. Andrew Maletta Title: Executive Director By: /s/Michael Leonardos Name: Michael Leonardos Title: Executive Director 

Annex A Amended Credit Agreement [See attached.] CONFORMED THROUGH CONFORMED THROUGHAMENDED AND RESTATED AMENDMENT NO. 78 AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT among NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., as the Borrower, The Guarantors from Time to Time Party Hereto The Several Lenders and Issuing Banks from Time to Time Party Hereto and MUFG BANK, LTD., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, Dated as of April 15, 2021 As amended by: the First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 16, 2021; and the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of February 28, 2022; and the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of May 4, 2022; and the Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of February 7, 2023; and the Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of September 15, 2023; and the Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 18, 2023; and the Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of May 3, 2024 the Amended and Restated Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2024 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA and MUFG BANK, LTD., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 1418446738-27.002A5-2C-H5IS9R3001Av1.4256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW 

1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW 2 0 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS Section 1.1 Defined Terms ..................................................................................................................... 1 Section 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions; Rules of Construction. ................................................. 6569 Section 1.3 Accounting Terms and Principles .................................................................................. 6570 Section 1.4 Timing of Payment or Performance .............................................................................. 6670 Section 1.5 Currency Equivalents Generally .................................................................................... 6670 Section 1.6 Limited Condition Transactions .................................................................................... 6671 Section 1.7 Certain Compliance Determinations .............................................................................. 6872 SECTION 2. LOANS Section 2.1 Loans ............................................................................................................................... 7075 Section 2.2 Pro Rata Shares; Availability of Funds ........................................................................... 7175 Section 2.3 Letters of Credit............................................................................................................. 7276 Section 2.4 Evidence of Debt; Register; Lenders Books and Records; Loan Notes......................... 7782 Section 2.5 Interest on Loans ........................................................................................................... 7882 Section 2.6 Conversion/Continuation ............................................................................................... 7984 Section 2.7 Default Interest .............................................................................................................. 8084 Section 2.8 Fees ............................................................................................................................... 8085 Section 2.9 Termination and Reduction of Commitments................................................................ 8185 Section 2.10 Voluntary and Mandatory Prepayments ....................................................................... 8186 Section 2.11 [Reserved] ..................................................................................................................... 8287 Section 2.12 Benchmark Replacement Setting .................................................................................. 8287 Section 2.13 General Provisions Regarding Payments ....................................................................... 8388 Section 2.14 Ratable Sharing .............................................................................................................. 8489 Section 2.15 Making or Maintaining SOFR Loans ............................................................................ 8590 Section 2.16 Increased Costs; Capital Requirements .......................................................................... 8691 Section 2.17 Taxes ............................................................................................................................. 8792 Section 2.18 Obligation to Mitigate ................................................................................................... 9196 Section 2.19 Removal or Replacement of a Lender ........................................................................... 9196 Section 2.20 Defaulting Lenders ........................................................................................................ 9297 Section 2.21 Extension of Stated Maturity Date ................................................................................ 9499 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 3.1 Financial Condition ..................................................................................................... 95100 Section 3.2 No Change ................................................................................................................... 96101 Section 3.3 Existence; Compliance with Law ................................................................................ 96101 Section 3.4 Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations ......................................................... 96101 Section 3.5 No Legal Bar ............................................................................................................... 96101 Section 3.6 No Material Litigation ................................................................................................. 96101 Section 3.7 No Default ................................................................................................................... 97102 Section 3.8 Ownership of Property; Liens ..................................................................................... 97102 Section 3.9 IP Rights ...................................................................................................................... 97102 Section 3.10 Taxes ........................................................................................................................... 97102 Section 3.11 Federal Regulations ..................................................................................................... 97102 Section 3.12 Labor Matters .............................................................................................................. 97102 Section 3.13 ERISA ......................................................................................................................... 97102 

0 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 3.14 Investment Company Act ............................................................................................ 98103 Section 3.15 Subsidiaries ................................................................................................................. 98103 Section 3.16 Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................... 98103 Section 3.17 Environmental Matters ................................................................................................ 98103 Section 3.18 Accuracy of Information, Etc. ..................................................................................... 99104 Section 3.19 Security Documents .................................................................................................... 99104 Section 3.20 Solvency ...................................................................................................................... 99104 Section 3.21 [Reserved] ................................................................................................................... 99104 Section 3.22 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions .............................. . 99104 Section 3.23 Insurance ................................................................................................................... 100105 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT Section 4.1 Closing Date .............................................................................................................. 100105 Section 4.2 Each Credit Event...................................................................................................... 102107 SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Section 5.1 Financial Statements .................................................................................................. 103108 Section 5.2 Certificates; Other Information ................................................................................. 104109 Section 5.3 Payment of Taxes ...................................................................................................... 105110 Section 5.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Law ........... 105110 Section 5.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance .......................................................................... 105110 Section 5.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions ........................................ 105110 Section 5.7 Notices ...................................................................................................................... 106111 Section 5.8 Environmental Laws .................................................................................................. 106111 Section 5.9 Plan Compliance ....................................................................................................... 106111 Section 5.10 Additional Guarantors; Additional Collateral, Collateral Limitations. ..................... 106111 Section 5.11 Further Assurances .................................................................................................... 109115 Section 5.12 Post-Closing Covenants ............................................................................................ 110115 Section 5.13 Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................... 110115 Section 5.14 Commodity Exchange Act Keepwell Provisions ...................................................... 110115 Section 5.15 Lender Meetings. ....................................................................................................... ..... 116 Section 5.16 Lender Advisor ................................................................................................................ 116 Section 5.17 13-Week Forecasts. ......................................................................................................... 116 Section 5.18 Control Agreements. ....................................................................................................... 116 Section 5.19 2024 Financing Transactions. .......................................................................................... 117 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS Section 6.1 Limitation on Restricted Payments ............................................................................ 110117 Section 6.2 Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries .......... 117124 Section 6.3 Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock ..........................................................................................................120127 Section 6.4 Asset Sales .................................................................................................................127134 Section 6.5 Transactions with Affiliates .......................................................................................128135 Section 6.6 Liens ..........................................................................................................................132139 Section 6.7 [Reserved] ............................................................................................... 133Dispositions of Collateral ......................................................................................................................... 140 Section 6.8 [Reserved] ................................................................................................................. 133140 Section 6.9 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets ............................ 133140 Section 6.10 Financial Covenants .................................................................................................. 135142 0 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW SECTION 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 7.1 Events of Default ....................................................................................................... 135143 Section 7.2 Application of Proceeds ............................................................................................ 139147 SECTION 8. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT. Section 8.1 Appointment and Authority ....................................................................................... 140147 Section 8.2 Rights as a Lender ..................................................................................................... 140148 Section 8.3 Exculpatory Provisions .............................................................................................. 141148 Section 8.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent ............................................................................ 142149 Section 8.5 Delegation of Duties .................................................................................................. 142150 Section 8.6 Resignation of the Agents ......................................................................................... 143150 Section 8.7 Non-Reliance on the Agents and Other Lenders ......................................................... 143151 Section 8.8 No Other Duties, Etc. ................................................................................................ 143151 Section 8.9 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim ........................................................ 143151 Section 8.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters; Rights Under Hedge Agreements ......................... 144151 Section 8.11 Withholding Taxes .................................................................................................... 144152 Section 8.12 Intercreditor and Subordination Agreements ............................................................. 145152 Section 8.13 Credit Bidding ........................................................................................................... 145152 Section 8.14 Return of Certain Payments ....................................................................................... 146153 SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS Section 9.1 Amendments and Waivers ......................................................................................... 147154 Section 9.2 Notices ...................................................................................................................... 148156 Section 9.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies ............................................................................ 150157 Section 9.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties .............................................................. 150158 Section 9.5 Payment of Expenses; Indemnification ..................................................................... 150158 Section 9.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments ........................................ 153160 Section 9.7 Set-off ........................................................................................................................ 156163 Section 9.8 Counterparts .............................................................................................................. 156164 Section 9.9 Severability................................................................................................................ 157164 Section 9.10 Integration ................................................................................................................. 157164 Section 9.11 GOVERNING LAW ................................................................................................. 157164 Section 9.12 Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers ........................................................................ 157164 Section 9.13 Acknowledgments ..................................................................................................... 158165 Section 9.14 Confidentiality ........................................................................................................... 158165 Section 9.15 [Reserved.] ................................................................................................................ 159166 Section 9.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL ................................................................................ 159166 Section 9.17 Conversion of Currencies .......................................................................................... 159166 Section 9.18 USA PATRIOT ACT ................................................................................................ 159167 Section 9.19 Payments Set Aside ................................................................................................... 160167 Section 9.20 Releases of Collateral and Guarantees ....................................................................... 160167 Section 9.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 161169 Section 9.22 Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs .................................................. 162169 Section 9.23 Intercreditor Agreement ............................................................................................ 163170 Section 9.24 No Fiduciary Duty ..................................................................................................... 163170 Section 9.25 Interest Rate Limitation ............................................................................................. 163170 SECTION 10. GUARANTEES 

0 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW SCHEDULES: 1.1A Commitments 3.15 Subsidiaries 3.19 Filing Jurisdictions 5.12 Post-Closing Matters Appendix A Notice Addresses EXHIBITS: A Form of Compliance Certificate B Form of Assignment and Acceptance C Form of Loan Note D Form of Solvency Certificate E-1 Form of Funding Notice E-2 Form of Conversion/Continuation Notice F-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) G Form of Joinder Agreement 1 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of April 15, 2021 among NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors (as defined herein) from time to time party hereto, the Lenders (as defined herein), the Issuing Banks (as defined herein) and MUFG BANK, LTD. MUFG ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with any successor appointed in accordance with Section 8.6, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with any successor appointed in accordance with Section 8.6, the Collateral Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, capitalized terms used in these recitals and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth for such terms in Section 1.1; WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Lenders have agreed to extend credit in the form of Loans and the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit, in each case at any time during the Revolving Availability Period, such that the Aggregate Revolving Exposure will not exceed 1,000,000,000.00 at any time (the Revolving Loan Facility and WHEREAS, (i) the proceeds of the Loans will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes (including permitted acquisitions and other investments, including the Hygo Acquisition and the Golar Acquisition) and (ii) the Letters of Credit will be used for general corporate purposes. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. DEFINITIONS Section 1.1 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1. 2024 Financing Transactions : transactions contemplated by the binding agreements referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of the definition of Covenant Holiday Trigger Event. 2025 Additional Notes : 2025 Notes (other than the Initial Notes, as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture) issued from time to time under the 2025 Notes Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 thereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 2025 Note Guarantee : a Note Guarantee as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Notes : the Notes as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Notes Indenture : that certain Indenture, dated as of September 2, 2020, by and between the Borrower, as issuer, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent, as in effect on the Closing Date. 2025 Secured Notes Obligations : the Secured Notes Obligations as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties : the Secured Notes Secured Parties as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2026 Additional Notes : 2026 Notes (other than the Initial Notes, as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture) issued from time to time under the 2026 Notes Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 thereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 2026 Note Guarantee : a Note Guarantee as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2026 Notes : the Notes as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 

2 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW 2026 Notes Indenture : that certain Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and between the Borrower, as issuer, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent, as in effect on the Closing Date. 2026 Secured Notes Obligations : the Secured Notes Obligations as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties : the Secured Notes Secured Parties as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. Acquired Indebtedness : with respect to any specified Person, (1) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is consolidated with, amalgamated or merged with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person consolidating with, amalgamating or merging with or into or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person; and (2) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person. Additional Commitment Lender : as defined in Section 2.21(d). Additional Equal Priority Obligations : the obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having, or intended to have, Equal Lien Priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) relative to the Obligations with respect to the Collateral; provided that an authorized representative of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have executed an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties : the holders of any Additional Equal Priority Obligations and any trustee, authorized representative or agent of such Additional Equal Priority Obligations. Adjusted Term SOFR : for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Administrative Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affected Lender : any Lender advising the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.15(b). Affiliate : as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, that Person. For purposes of this definition, Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Affiliate Transaction : as defined in Section 6.5(a). Agency Assignment Agreement : that certain Agency Assignment Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2023, by and among Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the resigning agent, MUFG Bank, Ltd., as the successor agent, the lenders party thereto and the Borrower. Agent Party : as defined in Section 9.2. Agents : the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and any other Person appointed under the Loan Documents to serve in an agent or similar capacity. 3 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW time. Aggregate Amounts Due : as defined in Section 2.14. Aggregate Commitment : the sum of the Commitments of all the Lenders at such time. Aggregate Revolving Exposure : the sum of the Revolving Exposures of all the Lenders at such Agreement : this Credit Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment, the Third Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment, the Sixth Amendment and the Seventh Amendment. Agreement Currency : as defined in Section 9.17(b). Annualized EBITDA : on any date of determination, Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended quarterly Test Period multiplied by four. Anti-Money Laundering Laws : as defined in Section 3.22(a). Applicable Creditor : as defined in Section 9.17(b). Applicable Margin : for any day, a rate per annum equal set forth below based on the applicable Revolving Facility Usage on such day: Revolving Facility Usage Base Rate SOFR 50 1.50 2.50 > 50 1.75 2.75 Applicable Maturity Date : as defined in Section 2.21(a). Arrangers : MUFG, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and GS, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. Asset Sale : (1) the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of property or assets (including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a Disposition or (2) the sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries issued in compliance with Section 6.3), whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise; in each case, other than: (a) the Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in a manner permitted pursuant to Section 6.9; (b) Dispositions (including of Equity Interests issued by any Restricted Subsidiary) among the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise); (c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted Subsidiary if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders, and the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition referred to in clauses (d) through (jj) of this definition or (B) any Permitted Investment or any Investment permitted under Section 6.1; and (iii) the conversion of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary into another form of entity (and solely with respect to the Borrower, organized in the U.S., any 

4 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW state thereof or the District of Columbia), so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the Guarantees, taken as a whole; (d) (i) Dispositions of inventory or other assets (including the Disposition of tankers or other marine vessels (other than tankers or other marine vessels that constitute Collateral), trucks, rail cars, ISO containers, natural gas, steam and power) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including on an intercompany basis among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries), (ii) the conversion of accounts receivable for notes receivable or other Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof and (iii) the leasing, assignment, subleasing, licensing or sublicensing of any real or personal property (including the provision of software under an open source license and including ground leases) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and the sale of leased, subleased, licensed or sublicensed assets to customers purchasing natural gas in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, damaged, used or worn out property or other property (including IP Rights) that, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower, is (i) no longer used or useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) or (ii) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain; (f) Dispositions of cash, Cash Equivalents, and/or Investment Grade Assets and/or other assets that were Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Assets when the relevant original Investment was made; (g) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute (i) Permitted Investments (other than pursuant to clause (j) of the definition thereof), (ii) Liens not prohibited under this Agreement or (iii) Restricted Payments permitted to be made, and that are made, under Section 6.1 (other than Section 6.1(b)(ix)); (h) [Reserved]; (i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; (j) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell and/or put/call arrangements between joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and/or similar binding arrangements; (k) Dispositions of (i) accounts receivable, or participations therein, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including any discount and/or forgiveness thereof and sales to factors or similar third parties) or in connection with the collection or compromise thereof and (ii) receivables, or participations therein, and related assets (or the Equity Interests in a Subsidiary, all or substantially all of the assets of which are receivables, or participations therein, and related assets) pursuant to any Permitted Receivables Financing; (l) Dispositions and/or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), (i) the Disposition or termination of which will not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) that relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product or business line; (m) (i) any termination of any lease, assignment, sublease, license or sublicense in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry 5 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW norm or otherwise if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; (n) (i) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain, expropriation, forced dispositions or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding), (ii) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of any property and (iii) transfers of any property that have been subject to a casualty event to the respective insurer of such property as part of an insurance settlement or upon receipt of the net proceeds of such casualty event; (o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed (or otherwise in connection with the closing or sale of any facility); (p) [Reserved]; (q) Dispositions of non-core assets (including Equity Interests) and sales of real estate assets acquired in a transaction after the Closing Date that the Borrower determines in good faith will not be used or useful for the continued operation of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses; (r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) for like assets; (s) [Reserved]; (t) (i) licensing, sublicensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any technology, intellectual property, other IP Rights or other general intangibles of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or that is immaterial; and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of IP Rights, or issuance or registration, or applications for issuance or registration, of IP Rights, which, in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or are no longer economically practicable or commercially reasonable to maintain; (u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions and Banking Services; (v) any Disposition of Equity Interests of, or sale of Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary (or a Restricted Subsidiary that owns an Unrestricted Subsidiary so long as such Restricted Subsidiary owns no assets other than the Equity Interests of such Unrestricted Subsidiary); (w) Dispositions of real estate assets and related assets in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with relocation activities for directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, partners or consultants of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; (x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any governmental authority or any applicable Requirements of Law (including the Dispositions of any assets (including Equity Interests) made to obtain the approval of any applicable antitrust authority in connection with any acquisition); (y) any merger, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic Subsidiary in the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia and/or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction; 

6 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW thereafter; (z) any sale of equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold (aa) [Reserved]; (bb) any sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower; (cc) any Disposition made in connection with any tax restructuring; (dd) any financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, including Sale and Lease-Back Transactions and asset securitizations permitted hereby; (ee) any Disposition of Equity Interests of a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement or other obligation with or to a Person (other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) from whom such Restricted Subsidiary was acquired, or from whom such Restricted Subsidiary acquired its business and assets (having been newly formed in connection with such acquisition), made as part of such acquisition and in each case comprising all or a portion of the consideration in respect of such sale of acquisition; (ff) any sale of property or assets, if the acquisition of such property or assets was financed with Excluded Contributions and the proceeds of such sale are used to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or Section 6.1(b)(iii); (gg) any Disposition of non-revenue producing assets to a Person who is providing services related to such assets, the provision of which have been or are to be outsourced by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries to such Person; (hh) other Dispositions (including those of the type otherwise described herein) involving assets having a Fair Market Value of not more than the greater of 20.0 million and 5.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Disposition); (ii) the issuance of directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals or other third parties as required by applicable law; (jj) any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition to effect the formation of any Restricted Subsidiary that has been formed upon the consummation of a Division; provided that any Disposition or other allocation of assets (including any equity interests of such Subsidiary) in connection therewith is otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement; and (kk) any transfer of properties or assets that is a maritime vessel sharing arrangement in the ordinary course of business, or entry by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower into one or more leases, charters, pool agreements or operations or service contracts with respect to any vessels. In the event that a transaction (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of a permitted Asset Sale (or constitutes a permitted exception to the definition of Asset Sale and would also be a permitted Restricted Payment or Permitted Investment, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, will be entitled to divide and classify such transaction (or a portion thereof) as an Asset Sale (or a permitted exception thereto) and/or one or more of the types of permitted Restricted Payments or Permitted Investments. Assignee : as defined in Section 9.6(c). Assignment and Acceptance : an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B. Assignor : as defined in Section 9.6(c). 7 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Available Tenor : as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (d) of Section 2.12. Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Banking Services : each and any of the following bank services: commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and/or otherwise in connection with cash management and Deposit Accounts. Bankruptcy Code : Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended. Bankruptcy Event : with respect to any Person, that such Person has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority; provided, however, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any agreements made by such Person. Bankruptcy Law : the Bankruptcy Code and any similar federal, state or foreign law for the relief of debtors. Base Rate : for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 , (c) the sum of (i) Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus (ii) 1.0 ; and (d) 1.0 per annum. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective day of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. Base Rate Loans : Loans for which the applicable rate of interest is based on the Base Rate. 

8 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Benchmark : initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2.12. Benchmark Replacement : with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (1) the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) 0.15 (15 basis points); or (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date : a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 9 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event : the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period : the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12 and 

10 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12. Beneficial Ownership Certification : a certification regarding individual beneficial ownership solely to the extent required by 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. BHC Act Affiliate : as defined in Section 9.22(b). Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). Board of Directors : with respect to any Person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers, board of directors, manager or managing member of such Person or the functional equivalent of the foregoing, (c) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors, board of managers, manager or managing member of a general partner of such Person or the functional equivalent of the foregoing and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. In addition, the term director means a director or functional equivalent thereof with respect to the relevant Board of Directors. Borrower : as defined in the preamble hereto. Borrower Materials : as defined in Section 9.2. Borrower Obligations : the collective reference to the unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans, and all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrower (including interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided herein after the maturity of the Loans and interest, fees and expenses accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy (or which, but for the filing of such petition, would be accruing), or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest, fees or expenses is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) to any Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Lender Counterparty, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, the Security Documents or the other Loan Documents, any Secured Hedge Agreement, any Secured Cash Management Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection therewith, in each case whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise, excluding, in each case, Excluded Swap Obligations. Borrowing : Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of a SOFR Loan, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Business Day : any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and any day which is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions located in such state are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. Capital Stock : (1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; (2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; (3) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and (4) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person. 11 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Capitalized Software Expenditures : for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software, implementation costs of cloud computing arrangements and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Captive Insurance Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). Cash Equivalents : as at any date of determination, (a) United States dollars, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen, New Swedish Krona, Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs, any national currency of any member nation of the European Union, Yuan or such other currencies held by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (b) (i) readily marketable securities issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in each case having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof, (ii) readily marketable direct obligations issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by any foreign government or any political subdivision or public instrumentality thereof, in each case (other than in the case of such securities issued or guaranteed by any member nation of the European Union) having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody s or S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition thereof and (iii) repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating to any of the foregoing; (c) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the U.S., any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or any public instrumentality of any of the foregoing, in each case having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the acquisition thereof and having, at the time of acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (d) commercial paper having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and variable or fixed rate notes issued by any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) below; (e) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within 24 months after such date and overnight bank deposits, in each case issued or accepted by any commercial bank or other financial institution having capital and surplus of not less than 100.0 million in the case of U.S. banks or other U.S. financial institutions and 100.0 million (or the dollar equivalent thereof as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks and other non-U.S. financial institutions and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) above; 

12 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (g) marketable short-term money market and similar highly liquid funds having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moody s or S P, respectively (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (h) investments with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (i) Indebtedness or Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating of at least A from S P or at least A2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such fund, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; (j) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (i) above, (ii) net assets of not less than 100.0 million and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such fund, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (k) instruments equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (j) above and clauses (l) and (m) below comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to in such clauses and customarily used by companies for cash management purposes in any jurisdiction outside the U.S. in which any Subsidiary operates; (l) investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in money market investment programs that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or that are administered by financial institutions meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) above and, in either case, the portfolios of which are limited such that substantially all of such investments are of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through (k) of this definition; (m) investment funds investing at least 90.0 of their assets in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (l) above; (n) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law; and (o) (i) investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (n) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (ii) other investments utilized by any Foreign Subsidiary and customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for cash management purposes that are analogous to the investments described in clauses (a) through (n) above and in clause (i) of this clause (o). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies other than those set forth in clause (a) above; provided that such amounts are converted into any currency listed in clause (a) as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten Business Days following the receipt of such amounts. For the avoidance of doubt, any items identified as Cash Equivalents under this definition will be deemed to be Cash Equivalents under this Agreement regardless of the treatment of such items under GAAP. Cash Management Agreement : any agreement relating to (i) treasury, depositary or cash management services or (ii) commercial or employee credit card programs, in each case, provided to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 13 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Change in Law : the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. Change of Control : the occurrence of one or more of the following events after the Closing Date: (1) the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one or more Permitted Holders; or (2) the Borrower becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Equity Interests of the Borrower (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), other than the Permitted Holders, in a single transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination or purchase, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) representing more than 50.0 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Borrower, unless the Permitted Holders otherwise have the right (pursuant to contract, proxy or otherwise), directly or indirectly, to designate, nominate or appoint directors having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition or any provision of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, (i) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock (x) to be acquired by such Person or group pursuant to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement or (y) solely as a result of veto or approval rights in any joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement, investor rights agreement or other similar agreement, (ii) if any group (other than a Permitted Holder) includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of the Borrower owned, directly or indirectly, by any Permitted Holders that are part of such group shall not be treated as being beneficially owned by such group or any other member of such group for purposes of determining whether a Change of Control has occurred, (iii) a Person or group (other than Permitted Holders) will not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of Equity Interests or other securities of such other Person s parent (or related contractual rights) unless it owns more than 50.0 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such Person s parent and (iv) the right to acquire Voting Stock (so long as such Person does not have the right to direct the voting of the Voting Stock subject to such right) or any veto power in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Voting Stock will not cause a party to be a beneficial owner. Charge : any fee, loss, charge, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind (in each case, if applicable, as defined under GAAP). 

14 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Closing Date : the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.1 are satisfied (or waived). Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral : all of the assets and property of the Borrower or any Guarantor, whether real, personal or mixed, securing or purported to secure any Obligations, other than Excluded Assets. Collateral Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Commitment : the commitment of a Lender to make Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum possible aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.8 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.6 or pursuant to any amendment hereto pursuant to Section 9.1; and Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.1A or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Commitments as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date is 1,000,000,000.00. Commodity Exchange Act : the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). Common Representative : as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Commonly Controlled Entity : an entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA or is part of a group that includes the Borrower and that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. Compliance Certificate : a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. Connection Income Taxes : Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Consolidated EBITDA : with respect to any Person for any Test Period, the sum of: (a) Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period; plus (b) without duplication and, other than with respect to clauses (b)(vii), (xiii) and (xv) of this definition of Consolidated EBITDA , to the extent already deducted (and not added back) or not included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts: (i) Fixed Charges and, to the extent not reflected in such Fixed Charges, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, and bank and letter of credit fees, debt rating monitoring fees and costs of surety, performance or completion bonds, together with items excluded from the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense pursuant to clauses (a) through (n) thereof; (ii) taxes paid and any provision for taxes, including income, capital, profit, revenue, federal, state, foreign, provincial, franchise, unitary, excise and similar taxes, property taxes, foreign withholding taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added taxes (including (x) penalties and interest related to any such tax or arising from any tax examination, (y) pursuant to any tax sharing arrangement or as a result of any tax distribution and (z) in respect of repatriated funds) of such Person paid or accrued during such period, any net tax expense associated with any adjustment made pursuant to clauses (a) through (w) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income 15 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (iii) (A) depreciation and (B) amortization (including capitalized fees and costs, including in respect of any Permitted Receivables Financing, and amortization of goodwill, software, internal labor costs, deferred financing fees or costs, original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par and other debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, other intangible assets (including intangible assets established through purchase accounting of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP), customer acquisition costs, capitalized expenditures (including Capitalized Software Expenditures) and incentive payments, conversion costs, and contract acquisition costs); (iv) any non-cash Charge (provided that (x) to the extent that any such non-cash Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any potential cash item in any future period, (A) such Person may elect not to add back such non-cash Charge in the current period and (B) to the extent such Person elects to add back such non-cash Charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA (as a deduction in calculating net income or otherwise) to such extent in such period and (y) any non-cash Charge representing amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid and not expensed in a prior period, except for non-cash Charges in respect of prepaid installation and construction Charges, shall be excluded); (v) (A) any Charge incurred as a result of, in connection with or pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option plan, phantom equity plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any severance agreement, any pension plan (including any post-employment benefit scheme to which the relevant pension trustee has agreed), any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, any employee benefit trust, any employee benefit scheme or any similar equity plan or agreement (including any deferred compensation arrangement), including any payment made to option holders in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to, or share repurchase from, a shareholder, which payments are being made to compensate option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution or share repurchase and (B) any Charge incurred in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Equity Interests held by directors, officers, managers and/or employees (or any Immediate Family Member thereof) of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (vi) [Reserved]; (vii) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Net Income for such period attributable to non-controlling interests and/or minority interests of third parties in any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, excluding cash distributions in respect thereof to the extent already included in Consolidated Net Income; (viii) the amount of any contingent payments in connection with the licensing of intellectual property or other assets; (ix) [Reserved]; (x) the amount of fees, Charges, expense reimbursements and indemnities paid to directors; (xi) the amount of any Charge incurred or accrued in connection with sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; 

16 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (xii) any net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715, and any other items of a similar nature; (xiii) adjustments permitted or required by Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act; (xiv) expenses consisting of internal software development costs that are expensed during the period but could have been capitalized under alternative accounting policies in accordance with GAAP; and (xv) with respect to any joint venture that is not a Subsidiary of the Borrower or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting, an amount equal to the proportion of those items described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above relating to such joint venture corresponding to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries proportionate share of such joint venture s Consolidated Net Income (determined as if such joint venture were a Restricted Subsidiary), except to the extent such joint venture s Consolidated Net Income is excluded from such Person s Consolidated Net Income; plus (c) without duplication and to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, cash actually received (or any netting arrangement resulting in reduced cash expenditures) during such period, so long as the non-cash gain relating to the relevant cash receipt or netting arrangement was deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (f) below for any previous period and not added back; plus (d) without duplication, the amount of run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions, synergies and operating improvements (including the entry into or termination of material contracts (including Customer Contracts) and arrangements) (collectively, Run Rate Benefits related to any acquisition, Investment, disposition, incurrence, repayment or refinancing of Indebtedness, Restricted Payment, Subsidiary designation, operating improvement, tax restructuring or other restructuring, cost savings initiative and/or any similar transaction or initiative (any such operating improvement, restructuring, cost savings initiative or other transaction, action or initiative, a Run Rate Initiative projected by the Borrower in good faith, including as a result of any alternative arrangements projected by the Borrower in good faith to be available, to be realized as a result of actions that have been taken or initiated (or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or initiated) or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Borrower), including any cost savings, expenses and Charges (including restructuring and integration charges) in connection with, or incurred by or on behalf of, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries within 24 months after such Run Rate Initiative (which Run Rate Benefits shall be added to Consolidated EBITDA until fully realized and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such Run Rate Benefits had been realized on the first day of the relevant period), in each case net of the amount of actual benefits realized from such actions; provided that (A) such cost savings are reasonably identifiable (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not permitted to be added back under the rules and regulations of the SEC) and (B) no Run Rate Benefits shall be added pursuant to this clause (d) to the extent duplicative of any Charges relating to such Run Rate Benefits that increased Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof (it being understood and agreed that run rate shall mean the full recurring benefit that is associated with any action taken or initiated or that is expected to be taken); plus (e) (i) the aggregate amount of run rate income that would have been earned pursuant to Customer Contracts entered into on or prior to the last day of such period (net of actual income earned pursuant to such Customer Contracts during such period) as estimated by the Borrower in good faith as if such Customer Contract had been entered into at the beginning of such period and determined assuming 17 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW the contracted pricing for such Customer Contract was applicable (at the highest contracted rate and calculated based on assumed volumes, costs and margin determined by the Borrower to be a reasonable good faith estimate of the actual volumes and costs associated with such Customer Contract) during the entire Test Period, less (ii) any actual income earned under any Customer Contract that was cancelled or otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms during such period, or for which the Borrower has received notice that such cancellation or termination will occur; minus (f) without duplication, any amount that, in the determination of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been included for any non-cash income or non-cash gain, all as determined in accordance with GAAP (provided that if any non-cash income or non-cash gain represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of potential cash items in any future period, such Person may determine not to deduct the relevant non-cash gain or income in the then-current period); minus (g) without duplication, the amount of any cash payment made during such period in respect of any non-cash accrual, reserve or other non-cash Charge that is accounted for in a prior period and that was added to Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower to determine Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower for such prior period and that does not otherwise reduce such Consolidated Net Income for the current period. Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period shall be calculated on a pro forma basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, following consummation of the 2024 Financing Transactions, (i) proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole shall not be included in Consolidated EBITDA and (ii) the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the Brazilian Assets shall be included in Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of calculation of any applicable financial covenant in Section 6.10. Consolidated First Lien Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt of such Person outstanding on such date (a) that constitutes Obligations or Secured Notes Obligations or (b) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that does not rank junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any obligation with respect to a Financing Lease of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary secured by Liens on the assets subject thereto). Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Annualized EBITDA, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated Interest Expense : cash interest expense (including that attributable to Financing Leases), net of cash interest income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt, including all commissions, discounts and other cash fees and Charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs (less net cash payments in connection therewith) under Specified Hedge Agreements and any Restricted Payments on account of Disqualified Stock made pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(xiv), but in any event excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par, amortization of deferred financing costs, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-cash interest expense and any capitalized interest, whether paid or accrued (including as a result of the effects of purchase accounting or pushdown accounting), (b) any capitalized interest, whether paid in cash or otherwise, and any other non-cash interest expense, whether paid in cash or accrued, (c) any one-time cash costs associated with breakage in respect of Hedge Agreements for interest rates, (d) commissions, discounts, yield, make- whole premium and other fees and Charges (including any interest expense) incurred in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing, (e) all non-recurring interest expense or additional interest , 

18 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW special interest or liquidated damages for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (f) any interest expense attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto and with respect to any acquisition or Investment, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (g) any payments with respect to make-whole premiums or other breakage costs of any Indebtedness, (h) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (i) accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (j) [Reserved], (k) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization or purchase accounting, (l) any expensing of bridge, arrangement, structuring, commitment or other financing fees or closing payments related to any transaction on or after the Issue Date, (m) any lease, rental or other expense, in connection with Non-Financing Lease Obligations or (n) annual agency or similar fees paid to the administrative agents, collateral agents and other agents under any Credit Facility. For purposes of this definition, interest on obligations in respect of Financing Leases shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligations in accordance with GAAP (or, if not implicit, as otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP). Consolidated Liquidity : as of any date of determination, an amount determined for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, equal to the sum of (i) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such day and (ii) the amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceed the Aggregate Revolving Exposure as of such day. Consolidated Net Income : with respect to any Person (the Subject Person for any Test Period, an amount equal to the net income (loss), determined in accordance with GAAP, attributable to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, but excluding (and excluding the effect of), without duplication: (a) (i) the income of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has an interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment) paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (or to the extent converted into cash or into Cash Equivalents) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has an interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period; (b) [Reserved]; (c) any gain or Charge from (A) any extraordinary or exceptional items and/or (B) any non-recurring or unusual item (including any non-recurring or unusual accruals or reserves in respect of any extraordinary, exceptional, non-recurring or unusual items) and/or (C) any Charge associated with and/or payment of any actual or prospective legal settlement, fine, judgment or order; (d) any Charge attributable to the development, undertaking and/or implementation of any Run Rate Initiatives (including in connection with any integration, restructuring, strategic initiative or transition, any reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses, any facility/location opening and/or pre-opening, any inventory optimization program and/or any curtailment), any business optimization Charge (including related to rate changes, new product or service introductions and other strategic or cost savings initiatives), any duplicative running costs, any restructuring Charge (including any Charge relating to any tax restructuring and/or acquisitions and adjustments to existing reserves and whether or not classified as a restructuring expense 19 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW on the consolidated financial statements), any Charge relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility or location and/or discontinued operations (including severance, rent termination costs, contract termination costs, moving costs and legal costs), any systems implementation Charge, any severance Charge, any Charge relating to entry into a new market, any Charge relating to any strategic initiative (including any multi-year strategic initiative), any signing Charge, any retention or completion bonus, any other recruiting, signing and retention Charges, any expansion and/or relocation Charge, any Charge associated with any curtailments or modification to any pension and post-retirement employee benefit plan (including any settlement of pension liabilities and charges resulting from changes in estimates, valuations and judgments thereof), any software or other intellectual property development Charge, any Charge associated with new systems design, any implementation Charge, any startup Charge, any Charge in connection with new operations, any consulting Charge and/or any business development Charge; (e) Transaction Costs; (f) any Charge (including any transaction or retention bonus or similar payment or any amortization thereof for such period) incurred in connection with the consummation of any transaction (including any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed), including any issuance or offering of Equity Interests, any disposition, any spin-off transaction, any recapitalization, any acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation, any option buyout or any incurrence, repayment, refinancing, amendment, termination or modification of Indebtedness (including any amortization or write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties) or any similar transaction and/or any Investment, including any acquisition, and/or growth capital expenditure including, in each case, any earn-out or other contingent consideration obligation expense or purchase price adjustment, integration expense or nonrecurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transactions, in each case whether or not successful (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the effects of expensing all transaction-related expenses in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805 and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 460) and any adjustments of any of the foregoing, including such Charges related to (i) the Transactions and (ii) any amendment, termination or other modification of the Notes or other Indebtedness; (g) the amount of any Charge that is actually reimbursed (or reimbursable by one or more third parties pursuant to indemnification or reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance); provided that the relevant Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such Charge within the next four fiscal quarters (it being understood that to the extent any reimbursement amount is not actually received within such four fiscal quarters, such reimbursement amount shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the next succeeding fiscal quarter); (h) any net gain or Charge (less all fees and expenses chargeable thereto) with respect to (i) any disposed, abandoned, divested and/or discontinued asset, property or operation (including asset retirement costs, but other than (A) at the option of the Borrower, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof and (B) dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business), (ii) any location that has been closed during such period and/or (iii) any returned or surplus assets outside the ordinary course of business; (i) any net income or Charge that is established, adjusted and/or incurred, as applicable, and attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, any Hedge Agreement or other derivative instrument (including deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid); (j) any Charge that is established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, within 24 months of the closing of any acquisition or other Investment, in each case, in accordance with GAAP (including any adjustment of estimated payouts on existing earn-outs) or changes as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period; 

20 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (k) (i) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the relevant Person and its Subsidiaries) resulting from the application of acquisition method, purchase and/or recapitalization accounting in relation to any consummated acquisition or similar transaction or recapitalization accounting or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes including adjustments in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, lease, software, goodwill, intangible asset, in-process research and development, Deferred Revenue, advanced billing and debt line items thereof) and/or (ii) at the election of the Borrower with respect to any fiscal quarter, and subject to the last paragraph of the definition of GAAP , the cumulative effect of any change in accounting principles or standards (effected by way of either a cumulative effect adjustment or a retroactive application, in each case, in accordance with GAAP) and/or any change resulting from the adoption or modification of accounting principles, standards and/or policies (including any impact resulting from an election by the Borrower to apply IFRS or other accounting changes) and any costs, charges, losses, fees or expenses in connection with the implementation or tracking of such changes or modifications; (l) (i) any compensation Charge and/or any other Charge arising from the granting, rollover, acceleration or payment of any stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards and similar awards or arrangements (including with respect to any profits interest relating to membership interests or partnership interests in any limited liability company or partnership, and including any stock option, profits interest, restricted stock or equity incentive payments) and the granting, rollover, acceleration or payment of any stock appreciation or similar right, management equity plan, employee benefit plan or agreement, stock option plan and/or similar arrangement (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such stock option, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement) and (ii) payments made to option, phantom equity or profits interests holders of such Person in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution made to equity holders of such Person, which payments are being made to compensate such option, phantom equity or profits interests holders as though they were equity holders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, including any cash consideration for any repurchase of equity, in each case, to the extent permitted under this Agreement (including expenses relating to distributions made to equity holders of such Person resulting from the application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718); (m) amortization of intangible assets; (n) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, leased right of use assets and investments in debt and equity securities); (o) solely for the purpose of determining the amount available under clause (2)(B) of Section 6.1(a), the net income in such period of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Guarantor) that, as of the date of determination, is subject to any restriction on its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions, directly or indirectly, by operation of its organizational documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order or Requirements of Law applicable thereto (other than (A) any restriction that has been waived or otherwise released, (B) any restriction set forth in this Agreement, similar restrictions (or other customary restrictions, as determined in good faith by the Borrower) set forth in any Credit Facilities or other Indebtedness and any restriction set forth in the documents relating to any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing and/or (C) restrictions arising pursuant to other agreements or instruments if the encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such agreement or instrument taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to Lenders than the encumbrances and restrictions contained in this Agreement or any Credit Facilities or other Indebtedness contemplated by the preceding clause (B) (as determined by the Borrower in good faith)); it being understood and agreed that Consolidated Net Income will be increased by the amount of any payments made in cash (or converted into cash) or in Cash Equivalents to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Restricted Subsidiary that is subject to the relevant restriction) in respect of any such income; 21 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (p) (i) any realized or unrealized gain or loss in respect of (A) any obligation under any Hedge Agreement as determined in accordance with GAAP and/or (B) any other derivative instrument pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815-Derivatives and Hedging or any other financial instrument pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825 and (ii) any realized or unrealized foreign currency exchange gain or loss (including any currency remeasurement of Indebtedness or other balance sheet items), any net gain or loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk associated with the foregoing or any other currency related risk and any gain or loss resulting from revaluation of intercompany balances (including Indebtedness and other balance sheet items); (q) any deferred tax expense associated with any tax deduction or net operating loss arising as a result of the Transactions, or the release of any valuation allowance related to any such item; (r) any reserves, accruals or non-cash Charges related to adjustments to historical tax exposures, including social security, federal unemployment, state unemployment and state disability taxes deducted in the calculation of net income during such period (provided, in each case, that the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated Net Income for the period in which such cash payment was made); (s) any accruals or obligations accrued related to workers compensation programs to the extent that expenses deducted in the calculation of net income exceed the net amounts paid in cash related to workers compensation programs in that period; (t) any net income or Charge attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts; (u) income or expense related to changes in the fair value of contingent liability in connection with earn-out obligations, purchase price adjustments and similar liabilities in connection with any acquisition or Investment; (v) any non-cash interest expense or non-cash interest income, in each case, to the extent that there is no associated cash disbursement or receipt; and (w) effects of adjustments to accruals and reserves during a period relating to any change in the methodology of calculating reserves for returns, rebates and other chargebacks (including government program rebates). In addition, to the extent not already included in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Net Income shall include (i) the amount of proceeds received or due from business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace and reimbursement of expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification, insurance and other reimbursement provisions, including to the extent such insurance proceeds or reimbursement relate to events or periods occurring prior to the Issue Date (whether or not received during such period so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive the same within the next four fiscal quarters; it being understood that to the extent such proceeds are not actually received within the next four fiscal quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal quarters) and (ii) the amount of any cash tax benefits related to the tax amortization of intangible assets in such period. For the purpose of clause (2)(B) of Section 6.1(a) only, there shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income any income arising from the sale or other disposition of Restricted Investments, from repurchases or redemptions of Restricted Investments, from repayments of loans or advances that constituted Restricted Investments or from any dividends, repayments of loans or advances or other transfers of assets from Unrestricted Subsidiaries, in each case to the extent such amounts increase the 

22 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW amount of Restricted Payments permitted under such covenant pursuant to clause (2)(E), (2)(F) or (2)(G) of Section 6.1(a). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, following consummation of the 2024 Financing Transactions, (i) proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole shall not be included in Consolidated EBITDA and (ii) the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the Brazilian Assets shall be included in Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of calculation of any applicable financial covenant in Section 6.10. Consolidated Secured Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt of such Person outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any obligation with respect to a Financing Lease of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary secured by Liens on the assets subject thereto). Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Annualized EBITDA, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated Total Assets : at any date, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date (assuming, for such purpose, that such Person s only Subsidiaries are its Restricted Subsidiaries). Consolidated Total Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (1) the aggregate principal amount of all third party debt for borrowed money (including letter of credit drawings that have not been reimbursed within ten Business Days and the outstanding principal balance of all Indebtedness of such Person represented by notes, bonds and similar instruments), obligations in respect of Financing Leases and purchase money Indebtedness (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) undrawn letters of credit, (b) Hedging Obligations, (c) all undrawn amounts under revolving credit facilities (except to the extent of any Elected Amounts) and (d) all obligations relating to Permitted Receivables Financings) and (2) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Disqualified Stock of such Person and all Preferred Stock of its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, with the amount of such Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock equal to the greater of their respective voluntary or involuntary liquidation preferences and maximum fixed repurchase prices, in each case of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date, on a consolidated basis and determined in accordance with GAAP (excluding, in any event, the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of purchase or pushdown accounting in connection with any acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction); provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall be calculated (i) net of all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date of determination and (ii) to exclude any obligation, liability or indebtedness of such Person if, upon or prior to the maturity thereof, such Person has irrevocably deposited with the proper Person in trust or escrow the necessary funds (or evidence of indebtedness) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of such obligation, liability or indebtedness, and thereafter such funds and evidences of such obligation, liability or indebtedness or other security so deposited are not included in the calculation of cash and Cash Equivalents. For purposes hereof, the maximum fixed repurchase price of any Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock as if such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock were purchased on any date on which Consolidated Total Debt shall be required to be determined pursuant to this Agreement, and if such price is based upon, or measured by, the Fair Market Value of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or senior management of such Person. Consolidated Total Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Total Debt outstanding as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such 23 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW date of determination to (b) Annualized EBITDA, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Contingent Obligations : with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness (the primary obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent: (1) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (2) to advance or supply funds: (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation, or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; or (3) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its Property is bound. Control : as defined in the definition of Affiliate. Control Agreement : an account control agreement (or similar agreement or local law equivalent), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, executed by the applicable Loan Party, the Common Representative for the applicable Equal Priority Secured Parties, and the relevant bank, securities intermediary or commodity intermediary, as applicable, party thereto, in each case, the purpose of which is to perfect a first priority Lien by control or, in the case of the Brazilian Assets, a junior priority perfected Lien by control. Control Investment Affiliate : as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person and (b) exists primarily for the purpose of making equity or debt investments in one or more companies. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise. Controlling Authorized Representative : as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Conversion/Continuation Date : the effective date of a continuation or conversion, as the case may be, as set forth in the applicable Conversion/Continuation Notice. Conversion/Continuation Notice : a Conversion/Continuation Notice substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2. Corresponding Tenor : with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Covenant Holiday Trigger Event : each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (i) the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall have priced a transaction or received a binding agreement to receive gross proceeds of at least 300,000,000.00, in each case, from Indebtedness or other sources permitted or not prohibited by Section 6.3 and Section 6.7, from its existing or new senior lenders or investors on or before October 7, 2024; provided 

24 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW that, if any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to such binding agreement is secured by Liens on the Collateral, then such Liens must be permitted by Section 6.6 and the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) shall enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement (other than with respect to the Brazilian Assets, which shall be subject to an intercreditor agreement giving effect to Section 5.10(g), which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral securing the Equal Priority Obligations, (ii) the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall have priced a transaction or received a binding agreement to obtain proceeds, in each case, sufficient to satisfy and discharge the 2025 Notes Indenture or exchange, repay, repurchase (and cancel), redeem, defease, satisfy or otherwise discharge in full the 2025 Notes such that there is no Indebtedness outstanding with respect thereto (other than contingent indemnification obligations which survive repayment and for which no underlying claim has been asserted) on or before the October 7, 2024, (iii) the Borrower shall have received gross proceeds of at least 250,000,000.00 from an offering or sale of common (or preferred that will convert to common upon a shareholder vote but which shall not, at any time, allow any cash dividends or other distributions paid in respect thereof) Equity Interests of the Borrower on or before October 7, 2024, (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received, for the ratable benefit of the Eighth Amendment Consenting Lenders, a consent fee (the Covenant Holiday Amendment Consent Fee on or before October 7, 2024 equal to 0.30 of the principal amount of the Loans and unfunded Commitments of the Eighth Amendment Consenting Lenders outstanding on the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, in which the Administrative Agent will pay to each Eighth Amendment Consenting Lender its ratable share of the Covenant Holiday Amendment Consent Fee promptly after receipt thereof by Administrative Agent, and (v) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the conditions set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition have been satisfied and that as of the date of such certificate: (i) no event shall have occurred and be continuing that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default, (ii) the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof or thereof and (iii) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have Consolidated Liquidity in an aggregate amount not less than 100,000,000.00 pro forma for the transactions described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) and any use of proceeds received in connection therewith on or before the date of such certificate, and (vi) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, its legal counsel and the Financial Advisor (if any) payable pursuant to Sections 5.16 and 9.5 shall have been paid or caused to been paid by the Borrower to the extent invoiced on or prior to October 2, 2024. 25 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Covered Entity : as defined in Section 9.22(b). Covered Party : as defined in Section 9.22(b). Credit Facility : with respect to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, one or more debt facilities or other financing arrangements (including commercial paper facilities or indentures) providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, letters of credit or other Indebtedness, including any notes, mortgages, guarantees, collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals, restatements, refundings, replacements, exchanges or refinancings thereof, in whole or in part, and any financing arrangements that amend, supplement, modify, extend, renew, restate, refund, replace, exchange or refinance any part thereof, including any such amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated, refunding, replacement, exchanged or refinancing financing arrangement that increases the amount permitted to be borrowed or issued thereunder or alters the maturity thereof (provided that such increase in borrowings or issuance is permitted under Section 6.3) or adds Restricted Subsidiaries as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder and whether by the same or any other agent, trustee, lender or group of lenders, investors, holders or otherwise. Credit Party : the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Issuing Bank and each other Lender. Customer Contracts : contracts entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for the sale, lease and/or other provision of products, goods and services by the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary. Daily Simple SOFR : for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. date of determination : the applicable date of determination for the specified ratio, amount or percentage. Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio : as of any date of determination for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Total Debt to (y) the greater of (i) total capitalization calculated in accordance with GAAP and (ii) total capitalization calculated based on then-currentthen current stock trading price of the Borrower. Default : any event that is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default; provided that any Default that results solely from the taking of an action that would have been permitted but for the continuation of a previous Default will be deemed to be cured if such previous Default is cured prior to becoming an Event of Default. Default Right : as defined in Section 9.22(b). Defaulting Lender : any Lender that: (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, (i) to fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) to fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) to pay to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified in such writing, including, if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) has not been satisfied, 

26 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good-faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified in such writing, including, if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) to funding a Loan cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party made in good faith to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or Bail-In Action. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.20) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each Issuing Bank and each other Lender. Deferred Revenue : at any date, the amount set forth opposite the caption deferred revenue (or any like caption or included in any other caption, including current and non-current designations) on a consolidated balance sheet at such date; provided that such balance shall be determined excluding the effects of acquisition method accounting. Deposit Account : a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any investment property (within the meaning of the UCC) or any account evidenced by an instrument (within the meaning of the UCC). Derivative Transaction : (a) any interest rate transaction, including any interest rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor), and any other instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange rate transaction, including any cross currency interest rate swap, any forward foreign exchange contract, any currency option, and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal and natural gas) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall constitute a Derivative Transaction. Designated Non-Cash Consideration : the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an Asset Sale that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount shall be reduced by the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to cash or Cash Equivalents). A particular item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration will no longer be considered to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise disposed of in exchange for, in each case, cash or Cash Equivalents in compliance with Section 6.4. 27 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Designated Preferred Stock : Preferred Stock of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock) that is issued for cash (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, the cash proceeds of which shall be excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (2) of Section 6.1(a). Designs : any and all and any part of the following: (a) all design patents and intangibles of like nature (whether registered or unregistered), all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith; (b) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof; (c) all income, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including damages, claims, and payments for past and future infringements thereof; (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements of the foregoing; and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. Disposition : has the meaning set forth in the definition of Asset Sale. Disqualified Institutions : (i) such Persons that have been specified in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date as being Disqualified Institutions , (ii) any Person who is a bona fide competitor of the Borrower, the Golar Target, the Hygo Target, or their respective Subsidiaries identified in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date, as such list of bona fide competitors may be updated by the Borrower (by furnishing such updates to the Administrative Agent) from time to time hereafter or (iii) any affiliate of any Person identified in clause (i) or (ii) that is (a) identified in writing by the Borrower from time to time or (b) clearly identifiable as an Affiliate solely on the basis of the similarity of its name (other than bona fide debt funds that purchase commercial loans in the ordinary course of business, other than such debt funds excluded pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of this paragraph). Disqualified Stock : any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following such maturity date shall constitute Disqualified Stock), (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Stock, in each case at any time on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date shall constitute Disqualified Stock) or (d) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash on or prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date at the time such Capital Stock is issued; provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof requiring the issuer thereof to, or provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to, redeem or purchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change of control, any disposition, asset sale (including pursuant to any casualty or condemnation event or eminent domain) or similar event shall not constitute Disqualified Stock. 

28 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing), such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations and (B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or by any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower (or by any Subsidiary) shall be considered Disqualified Stock solely because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. Division : the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement that is established by the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of any of the foregoing Persons), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Dollars and : dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. Domestic Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary) that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. EEA Financial Institution : (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country : (a) any of the member states of the European Union, (b) Iceland, (c) Liechtenstein and (d) Norway. EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Eighth Amendment : that certain Amended and Restated Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto (the Eighth Amendment Consenting Lenders ), the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Eighth Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the Eighth Amendment. Elected Amount : as set forth in Section 1.7(h). Electronic Signature : an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Environment : ambient air, indoor air, surface water, drinking water, groundwater, land surface, subsurface strata, sediments and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. Environmental Claim : any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order, or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or 29 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW alleged violation of any Environmental Law; (b) in connection with the presence, Release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials; or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat, or harm to the Environment. Environmental Laws : any and all Laws regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning pollution, protection or regulation of the Environment or human health or safety in connection with exposure to Hazardous Materials, as has been, is now, or may at any time hereafter be, in effect and including the common law insofar as it relates to any of the foregoing. Environmental Permits : any and all Permits required under, or issued pursuant to, any Environmental Law and including the common law insofar as it relates to any of the foregoing. Equal Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is equal in priority to the Liens on specified Collateral (but without regard to control of remedies) and is subject to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement (or such other intercreditor agreement having substantially similar terms as the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, taken as a whole). Equal Priority Collateral Agent : the Equal Priority Representative for the holders of the Equal Priority Obligations. Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement : that certain intercreditor agreement with respect to the Collateral, dated as of April 12, 2021, among U.S. Bank National Association, as 2025 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as 2026 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Initial Common Representative, the Collateral Agent, as the Credit Facility Agent, each Additional Common Representative from time to time party thereto, and each additional Authorized Representative from time to time party thereto, and acknowledged by each Loan Party. Equal Priority Obligations : collectively, (1) the Obligations, (2) the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations (3) the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations and (4) each Series of Additional Equal Priority Obligations. Equal Priority Representative : any Authorized Representative as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Equal Priority Secured Parties : collectively, (1) the 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties, (2) the 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties, (3) the Secured Parties and (4) any Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties. Equity Interests : Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock. ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default : any of the events or conditions specified in Section 7.1(a); provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. Exchange Act : the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Excluded Accounts : (i) any accounts that are designated solely as accounts for, and are used solely for, employee benefits or taxes, (ii) any accounts that are designated solely as accounts for, and are used solely for, payroll funding obligations, (iii) any escrow account, trust or other fiduciary account solely used for purposes of transactions that are permitted under this Agreement, (iv) zero balance accounts to the extent any account to which the funds in such zero balance accounts sweep is subject to a Control Agreement, and (v) any Deposit Account that would otherwise constitute an Excluded Asset, in each case 

30 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW of clauses (i) through (iv), only to the extent that such amounts deposited in such accounts are used solely for such purposes listed above. Excluded Assets : the following: (a) any asset the grant of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited by any enforceable anti-assignment provision set forth in any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, (ii) violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement (in the case of clause (i) above, this clause (ii) and clause (iii) below, after giving effect to any applicable anti-assignment provision of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law) or (iii) trigger termination of, or a right of termination or any other modification of any rights under, any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement pursuant to any change of control or similar provision; it being understood that (A) the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause (a) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right, (B) the exclusions referenced in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall not apply to the extent that the relevant contract expressly permits the grant of a security interest in all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor and (C) the exclusion set forth in this clause (a) shall only apply if the contractual prohibitions or contractual provisions that would be so violated or that would trigger any such termination, right or modification under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above (x) existed on the Closing Date (or in the case of any contract of a Subsidiary that is acquired following the Closing Date, as of the date of such acquisition) and were not entered into in contemplation of the Closing Date (or such acquisition) and (y) cannot be waived unilaterally by the Borrower or any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; (b) the Equity Interests of any (A) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (B) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (C) not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiary, (D) Receivables Subsidiary, (E) Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity or (F) Immaterial Subsidiary (other than NFE Shannon Holdings Limited); (c) any intent-to-use (or similar) trademark application prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use notice and/or filing with respect thereto; (d) any asset, the grant of a security interest in which would (i) require any governmental consent, approval, license, permit or authorization (collectively, Governmental Consents that has not been obtained (provided that, in the case of the Borrower s port lease in San Juan, Puerto Rico and the concession in respect of the Borrower s LNG regasification terminal at the Puerto Pichilingue in Baja California Sur, Mexico (the La Paz Facility Concession ), the Borrower has used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any Governmental Consents necessary to grant a mortgage or similar security instrument thereon), (ii) be prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, except, in each case of clause (i) above and this clause (ii), to the extent such requirement or prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding such requirement or prohibition; it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in clause (i) or clause (ii) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition or (iii) result in material adverse tax consequences to the Borrower or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by the Borrower, including as a result of the operation of Section 956 of the Code; (e) (i) any leasehold real property interests (other than the leasehold of property located at 6800 NW 72nd Street, Miami, Florida, or the leasehold interest relating to the LNG storage and regasification facility at the Port of Montego Bay, Jamaica) or concessions (provided that, in the case of the port lease in San Juan, Puerto Rico and the La Paz Facility Concession, the Borrower has used commercially 31 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW reasonable efforts to obtain any Governmental Consents necessary to grant a mortgage or similar security instrument thereon) and (ii) any fee owned real property that is not a Material Real Estate Asset or that is located in a special flood zone (and no landlord lien waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters shall be required to be delivered); (f) any interest in any partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that cannot be pledged without (i) the consent of one or more third parties other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under the organizational documents (and/or shareholders or similar agreement) of such partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or (ii) giving rise to a right of first refusal , a right of first offer or a similar right permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement that may be exercised by any third party other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with the organizational documents (and/or shareholders or similar agreement) of such partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; (g) (i) motor vehicles, tankers, marine vessels, ISO containers and other assets subject to certificates of title, other than any tankers or other marine vessels with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million, (ii) letter-of-credit rights not constituting supporting obligations of other Collateral and (iii) commercial tort claims with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) of less than 40.0 million, except, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i)-(iii), to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected solely by the filing of a UCC financing statement; (h) any margin stock; (i) any cash or Cash Equivalents, Deposit Account, commodities account or securities account (including securities entitlements and related assets but excluding cash and Cash Equivalents representing the proceeds of assets otherwise constituting Collateral); (i) [reserved]; (j) any lease, license or other agreement or contract or any asset subject thereto (including pursuant to a purchase money security interest, Financing Lease or similar arrangement) that is, in each case, not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement to the extent that the grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or contract or purchase money, Financing Lease or similar arrangement or trigger a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) after giving effect to the applicable anti- assignment provisions of the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law; it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include any proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in this clause (j) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition; (k) any asset with respect to which the Borrower and the Collateral Agent has reasonably agreed that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the Borrower or any Guarantor to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course of business) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs the benefit of a security interest to the Secured Parties of the security afforded thereby, which determination is evidenced in writing; (l) receivables and related assets (or interests therein) (i) disposed of to any Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing or (ii) otherwise pledged, factored, transferred or sold in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; and (m) any governmental licenses, permits or authorizations, or U.S. or foreign state or local franchises, charters or authorizations, to the extent a security interest in any such license, permit, franchise, charter or authorization would be prohibited or restricted thereby (including any legally effective prohibition or restriction) or where the effect thereof would be to limit or diminish the Borrower s 

32 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW or any Guarantor s ability to utilize such license, permit franchise, charter or authorization in the conduct of its business in the ordinary course. Excluded Contribution : the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents or the Fair Market Value of other assets received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Issue Date from: (a) contributions in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any amounts received from the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), (b) the sale of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than (i) to any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, (ii) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan, (iii) with the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to clause (h)(i) of the definition of Permitted Investments or (iv) Designated Preferred Stock), including any addition to capital as a result of any consolidation, merger or similar transaction with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent designated as an Excluded Contribution and the proceeds of which have not been applied in reliance on clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ii)(2) or 6.1(b)(xxix)(1), and (c) dividends, distributions, other Returns, fees and other payments from any Unrestricted Subsidiaries or joint ventures or Investments in entities that are not Restricted Subsidiaries. Excluded Swap Obligations : with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation (a Swap Obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason not to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act. If any Obligation in respect of any Swap Agreement arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Obligation in respect of any Swap Agreement that is attributable to swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. Existing Notes : collectively, the 2025 Notes and the 2026 Notes. Existing Indentures : collectively, the 2025 Indenture and the 2026 Indenture. Existing Note Guarantees : collectively, the 2025 Note Guarantees and the 2026 Note Guarantees. Extended Maturity Date : as defined in Section 2.21(a). Extending Lender : as defined in Section 2.21(b). Extension Date : as defined in Section 2.21(a). Fair Market Value : with respect to any asset or group of assets on any date of determination, the value of the consideration obtainable in a sale of such asset at such date of determination assuming a sale by a willing seller to a willing purchaser dealing at arm s length and arranged in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time having regard to the nature and characteristics of such asset, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination will be conclusive (unless otherwise provided in this Agreement). FASB : the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. FATCA : as defined in Section 2.17(a). FCPA : as defined in Section 3.22(b). 33 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Federal Funds Rate : for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided, (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. FEMA Make Whole : the funds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary as an equitable adjustment related to the early termination of the Borrower s or any Subsidiary s contract to provide emergency power services to support Puerto Rico s grid stabilization project. Fifth Amendment : that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Issuing Banks party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Fifth Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the Fifth Amendment. Financing Lease : as applied to any Person, any obligation that is required to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not a straight-line or operating lease) on both the balance sheet and income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. At the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a financing or capital lease would be the amount required to be reflected as a liability on such balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP. First Amendment : that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and MSSF, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent. Fitch : Fitch Ratings or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Fixed Amount : as defined in Section 1.7(c). Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio : as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Annualized EBITDA to (b) Fixed Charges for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended, as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Fixed Charges : as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at any date of determination, on a consolidated basis, for any period, the sum of (without duplication): (1) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period; (2) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Preferred Stock of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made during such period; and (3) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Disqualified Stock of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made during such period. 

34 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW FLNG1 Assets : the natural gas liquefaction assets that are owned by the FLNG1 Subsidiaries and collectively comprise the natural gas liquefaction facility referred to by the Borrower as FLNG1 . FLNG1 Collateral : the FLNG1 Assets, Reinvested Assets and the Equity Interests of any FLNG1 Subsidiary and any proceeds arising out of the sale or disposition of such assets. FLNG1 Subsidiaries : (i) NFE FLNG 1 Issuer LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the direct parent of each other FLNG1 Subsidiary, (ii) NFE Pioneer 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns the natural gas processing unit, (ii) NFE Pioneer 2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns the natural gas liquefaction unit, (iv) NFE Pioneer 3 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns the staff accommodation and utilities infrastructure and (v) any other Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Guarantor and that has a direct ownership interest in the FLNG1 Assets or Reinvested Assets. FLNG2 Assets : the natural gas liquefaction assets (including all real and personal property rights, Material Project Documents, Permits, the onshore interconnection pipeline and proceeds of any insurance policies insuring such assets, but excluding any other pipeline) that are owned by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries and collectively comprise the natural gas liquefaction facility referred to by the Borrower as FLNG2 . FLNG2 Collateral : the FLNG2 Assets, Reinvested Assets and the Equity Interests of any FLNG2 Subsidiary and any proceeds arising out of the sale or disposition of such assets including, for the avoidance of doubt, any proceeds of insurance insuring such assets, other than Excluded Assets as set forth in the proviso in the definition of Excluded Assets. FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income : with respect to the FLNG2 Subsidiaries for any Test Period, an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries solely to the extent generated by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries from the FLNG2 Assets. FLNG2 Subsidiaries : (i) NFE FLNG2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the direct or indirect parent of each other FLNG2 Subsidiary, (ii) Mexico FLNG Onshore S. de R.L. de C.V., a sociedad de responsabilidad limitada de capital variable organized under the laws of Mexico, which owns the onshore interconnection pipeline, (iii) NFE Altamira Onshore, S. de R.L. de C.V., a sociedad de responsabilidad limitada de capital variable as organized under the laws of Mexico which leases the natural gas liquefaction assets from NFE FLNG2 LLC and (iv) any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that has a direct ownership interest in the Project, any FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets. Floor : a rate of interest equal to 0.00 . Foreign Employee Benefit Plan : any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to for the benefit of the employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, but which is not covered by ERISA pursuant to ERISA Section 4(b)(4). Foreign Lender : as defined in Section 2.17(g). Foreign Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and any Restricted Subsidiary of such Foreign Subsidiary. Fortress : Fortress Investment Group LLC. Fourth Amendment : that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Issuing Banks party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Fourth Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the Fourth Amendment. 35 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Funding Notice : a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1. GAAP : at the election of the Borrower, (i) the accounting standards and interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time to time IFRS if the Borrower s financial statements are at such time prepared in accordance with IFRS or (ii) generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, as in effect from time to time; provided that (a) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (x) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification, International Accounting Standard or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (y) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification, International Accounting Standard or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and (b) any calculation or determination in this Agreement that requires the application of GAAP across multiple quarters need not be calculated or determined using the same accounting standard for each constituent quarter. For avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any classification under GAAP of any Person or business in respect of which a definitive agreement for the disposition thereof has been entered into as discontinued operations, the Consolidated Net Income and Consolidated EBITDA of such Person or business shall not be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA, respectively, until such disposition shall have been consummated. Golar Acquisition : the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of all of the outstanding common equity interests of the Golar Target pursuant to the Golar Acquisition Agreement. Golar Acquisition Agreement : that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 13, 2021, among the Borrower, as buyer, the Golar Target, as the company, Golar GP LLC, a Marshall Islands limited liability company, as general partner, and Lobos Acquisition LLC, a Marshall Islands limited liability company (together with all exhibits, schedules and disclosure letters thereto). Golar Target : Golar LNG Partners LP, a Marshall Islands limited partnership. Governmental Authority : any federal, state, provincial, municipal, national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, authority, court, central bank, agency, regulatory body or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity, officer or examiner exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state of the United States, the United States, or a foreign entity or government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Granting Lender : as defined in Section 9.6(g). GS : Goldman Sachs Bank USA. Guarantee : the guarantee by any Guarantor of the Obligations. Guarantor : each Subsidiary of the Borrower that executes this Agreement as a guarantor on the Closing Date and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that thereafter guarantees the Obligations in 

36 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW accordance with the terms of this Agreement (but excluding any Person released from its obligations hereunder pursuant to Section 9.20). Guarantor Obligations : all obligations and liabilities of each Guarantor (including interest, fees and expenses after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy (or which, but for the filing of such petition, would be accruing), or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization, examinership or like proceeding, relating to such Guarantor, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interests, fees or expenses is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) which arise under or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Secured Cash Management Agreement, in each case whether on account of principal, interest, guarantee obligations, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise, excluding, in each case, Excluded Swap Obligations. Hazardous Materials : any material, substance, chemical, or waste (or combination thereof) that (a) is listed, defined, designated, regulated or classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive, dangerous, a pollutant, a contaminant, or words of similar meaning or effect under any Environmental Law; or (b) can form the basis of any liability under any Environmental Law, including any Environmental Law relating to petroleum, petroleum products, asbestos, urea formaldehyde, radioactive materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and toxic mold. Hedge Agreement : (a) any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person, whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, that are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Hedging Obligations : the obligations of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Hedge Agreement. Hygo : Hygo Energy Transition Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company. Hygo Acquisition the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of all of the outstanding equity interests of the Hygo Target pursuant to the Hygo Acquisition Agreement. Hygo Acquisition Agreement : that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 13, 2021, among the Borrower, as buyer, Hygo, as the company, Golar LNG Limited, a Bermuda exempted company, Stonepeak Infrastructure Fund II Cayman (G) Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, and Lobos Acquisition Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company, together with all exhibits, schedules and disclosure letters thereto. IBA : as defined in Section 1.5. IFRS : as defined in the definition of GAAP. Illegality Notice : as defined in Section 2.15. Immaterial FLNG1 Maintenance Transactions : any Disposition of property that is (i) surplus, obsolete, damaged, worn out property or other property that is (x) no longer used or useful in the business, subject to the replacement of any damaged or worn out assets with working assets or (y) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain, in each case in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) subject to a casualty, eminent domain, expropriation, condemnation proceedings or other involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property, so long as, in the case of the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii), such Disposition does not have any material adverse impact to the aggregate value of the FLNG1 Assets or Reinvested Assets and will not impair the operation of the FLNG1 Assets or Reinvested Assets. 37 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Immaterial FLNG2 Maintenance Transactions : any Disposition of property that is (i) surplus, obsolete, damaged, worn out property or other property that is (x) no longer used or useful in the business, subject to the replacement of any damaged or worn out assets with working assets or (y) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain, in each case in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) subject to a casualty, eminent domain, expropriation, condemnation proceedings or other involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property, so long as, in the case of the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii), such Disposition does not have any material adverse impact to the aggregate value of the FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets and will not impair the operation of the FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets. Immaterial Subsidiary : as of any date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than the FLNG1 Subsidiaries or FLNG2 Subsidiaries) (a) the assets of which (on a standalone basis, when combined with the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary s subsidiaries attributable to such Restricted Subsidiary s economic interest therein) do not exceed 3.0 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and (b) the contribution to Annualized EBITDA of which (on a standalone basis, when combined with the contribution to Annualized EBITDA of such Restricted Subsidiary s subsidiaries, after intercompany eliminations) does not exceed 3.0 of the Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower, in each case, as of the last day of or for the most recently ended Test Period on or prior to such date of determination. Immediate Family Member : with respect to any individual, such individual s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individual s estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs, legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. Increased Amount : as defined in Section 6.6(c). Increased Cost Lender : as defined in Section 2.19. Incurrence-Based Amounts : as defined in Section 1.7(c). Indebtedness as applied to any Person means, without duplication: (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money; (b) all obligations with respect to Financing Leases; (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (d) any obligation of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) any earn-out obligation, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation, unless such obligation has not been paid within 60 days after becoming due and payable and becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and (ii) any such obligations incurred ERISA), which purchase price is (A) due more than 365 days from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof or (B) evidenced by a note or similar written instrument; (e) all Indebtedness of others that is secured by any Lien on any asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed by such Person or is non-recourse to the credit of such Person provided that the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of this clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby; (f) letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings; 

38 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (g) the guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another, other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; provided that the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of this clause (g) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness that is non-recourse to the credit of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby; (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any Disqualified Stock; and (i) all net obligations of such Person in respect of any Derivative Transaction, whether or not entered into for hedging or speculative purposes, other than those providing for the delivery of a commodity pursuant to forward contracts (any such Derivative Transaction pursuant to a Hedge Agreement, a Specified Hedge Agreement provided that in no event shall any obligation under any Derivative Transaction be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement; in each case, to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any third person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner and any unincorporated joint venture in which such Person is a joint venture) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable Requirements of Law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such Person s ownership interest in such Person, (A) except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provided that such Person is not liable therefor and (B) only to the extent the relevant Indebtedness is of the type that would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall not include, and shall be calculated without giving effect to, (x) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 or International Accounting Standard 39 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement) and (y) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amount that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement). For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall exclude (i) intercompany liabilities arising from cash management and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) any amounts payable or other liabilities to trade creditors (including undrawn letters of credit) arising in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, including any deferred or prepaid revenue, (iii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller, (iv) any obligations attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto (including any accrued interest), (v) Indebtedness appearing on the balance sheet of the Borrower solely by reason of pushdown accounting under GAAP, (vi) accrued expenses and royalties, (vii) asset retirement obligations and obligations in respect of performance bonds, reclamation and workers 39 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW compensation claims, retirement, post-employment or termination obligations (including pensions and retiree medical care), pension fund obligations or contributions or similar claims, or social security or wage taxes or contributions, (viii) accrued expenses or current trade or other ordinary course payables or liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including on an intercompany basis among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries), and obligations resulting from take-or-pay contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, and other liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits, (ix) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits and other accrued obligations (including transfer pricing), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (x) Non-Financing Lease Obligations or other obligations under or in respect of straight line leases, operating leases or Sale and Lease-Back Transactions (except to the extent resulting in a Financing Lease), any leases or rentals of equipment related to exploration, production and commercialization activities, including without limitation, leases or rentals of or related to drilling rigs, pipelines, supply boats and LNG carriers, FPSO (floating production storage and offloading) facilities, WHPs (wellhead platforms), TLWPs (tension leg wellhead platforms) and any other equipment or other assets, provided that such leases or rentals do not include a bargain purchase option, (xi) customary obligations under employment agreements and deferred compensation arrangements, (xii) Contingent Obligations, (xiii) obligations under any license, permit or other approval (or guarantees given in respect of such obligations) incurred prior to the Closing Date or in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (xiv) any liability for taxes and (xv) any land and port concessions. Indemnified Liabilities : as defined in Section 9.5(a) hereto. Indemnitee : as defined in Section 9.5(a) hereto. Independent Financial Advisor : an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing. Information : as defined in Section 9.14 hereto. Insolvency : with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. Intercreditor Agreements : any Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement and any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Interest Payment Date : with respect to (a) any Loan that is a Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date; and the final maturity date of such Loan; and (b) any Loan that is a SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the final maturity of such Loan; provided that, in the case of each Interest Period of longer than three months, Interest Payment Date shall also include each date that is three months, or an integral multiple thereof, after the commencement of such Interest Period. Interest Period : in connection with a SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability of the Adjusted Term SOFR applicable to the relevant Loan), as selected by the Borrower in the applicable Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, (a) initially, commencing on the Closing Date or Conversion/Continuation Date thereof, as the case may be; and (b) thereafter, commencing on the day on which the immediately preceding Interest Period expires; provided, (i) if an Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day unless no further Business Day occurs in such month, in which case such Interest Period shall expire on the immediately preceding Business Day; (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day 

40 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall, subject to clause (iii) of this definition, end on the last Business Day of a calendar month; (iii) no Interest Period with respect to any portion of Loans shall extend beyond the Maturity Date and (iv) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.12(d) shall be available for specification in such Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice. Investment : (a) any purchase or other acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any of the securities of any other Person (other than the Borrower or any Guarantor), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies and/or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or substantially all the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance or capital contribution (other than accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, intercompany loans among the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) or any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, member, partner, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures, in each case in the ordinary course of business, consistent with practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries) by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person. The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment (determined, in the case of an Investment made with assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, based on the net book value of the assets invested), minus any payments actually received by such investor representing a Return in respect of such Investment (without duplication of amounts increasing clause (2) of Section 6.1(a)), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment. If the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, sells or otherwise disposes of any Capital Stock of a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after giving effect thereto, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Person remaining after giving effect thereto shall not be deemed to be an Investment at such time. Investment Grade Assets : (a) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents), (b) debt securities or debt instruments with an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or advances among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (c) investments in any fund that invests at least 90.0 of its assets in investments of the type described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment or distribution and (d) corresponding instruments utilized by any Foreign Subsidiary and customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for high quality investments. Investment Grade Rating : a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P or Fitch or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any other nationally recognized rating agency. IP Rights : a license or right to use all rights in Designs, patents, trademarks, domain names, copyrights, software, Trade Secrets and all other intellectual property rights. ISDA Definitions : the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 41 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW ISP : International Standby Practices 1998 published by the International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit). Issue Date : September 2, 2020. Issuing Bank : each of (a) Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and GS and (b) each Lender that shall have become an Issuing Bank hereunder as provided in Section 2.3(j) (other than any Person that shall have ceased to be an Issuing Bank as provided in Section 2.3(k) or Section 2.2(l), in each case except as otherwise provided in such Section), each in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Section 2.3 with respect to such Letters of Credit). Joinder Agreement a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit G, duly executed by a Subsidiary made a party hereto pursuant to Section 5.10(a). Judgment Currency : as defined in Section 9.17(b) hereto. Junior Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, that such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Senior Priority Obligations and is subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement (it being understood that junior Liens are not required to rank equally and ratably with other junior Liens, and that Indebtedness secured by junior Liens may be secured by Liens that are senior in priority to, or rank equally and ratably with, or junior in priority to, other Liens constituting junior Liens). Junior Priority Collateral Agent : the Junior Priority Representative for the holders of any Junior Priority Obligations. Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement : an intercreditor agreement with respect to the Collateral, entered into by, among others, the Collateral Agent, the applicable Junior Priority Collateral Agent(s) and, if applicable, any other Equal Priority Collateral Agent(s), having substantially the same terms as those described in the Description of Notes Security for the Notes Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement section of the Offering Memorandum and other usual or customary terms reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. Junior Priority Obligations : the obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having Junior Lien Priority relative to the Obligations; provided that such Lien is permitted to be incurred under this Agreement, and provided further, that the holders of such Indebtedness or their Junior Priority Representative shall become party to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Junior Priority Representative : any duly authorized representative of any holders of Junior Priority Obligations, which representative is named as such in a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or any joinder thereto. Law : all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, licenses, authorizations and permits of, any Governmental Authority. LC Commitment : with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Issuing Bank s LC Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.1A, or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Acceptance, or has been designated in accordance with Section 2.3(j), the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its LC Commitment in the Register. The amount of any Issuing Bank s LC Commitment may be decreased in 

42 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW accordance with Section 2.3(b) or increased from time to time with the written consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the increasing Issuing Bank. LC Disbursement : a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. LC Exposure : any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time and (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. LCT Election : as defined in Section 1.6(a). LCT Test Date : as defined in Section 1.6(a). Lender Counterparty : each Lender, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each of their respective Affiliates counterparty to a Hedge Agreement or Cash Management Agreement entered into with the Borrower or any Guarantor (on the ClosingEighth Amendment Effective Date with respect to Hedge Agreements or Cash Management Agreements existing as of the ClosingEighth Amendment Effective Date or at the time it entered into a Hedge Agreement or Cash Management Agreement and including any Person who is the Administrative Agent or a Lender (or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or a Lender) as of the date of entering into such Hedge Agreement or Cash Management Agreement but subsequently ceases to be (or whose Affiliate ceases to be) the Administrative Agent or a Lender, as the case may be). Lender Notice Date is defined in Section 2.21(b). Lender Parent : with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. Lenders : the Persons listed on Schedule 1.1A and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than any such Person that shall have ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance; provided, however, that Section 9.5 shall continue to apply to each such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance as if such Person is a Lender . Letter of Credit : any standby letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement, other than any such letter of credit that shall have ceased to be a Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder pursuant to Section 2.3(o). Lien : any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or other security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Financing Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security; provided that in no event shall a Non-Financing Lease Obligation be deemed to constitute a Lien. Limited Condition Transaction : (i) any acquisition or Investment, including by way of merger, amalgamation, consolidation, Division or similar transaction, not prohibited by this Agreement, in each case whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing, (ii) any redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or refinancing of, any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, (iii) any dividend to be paid on a date subsequent to the declaration thereof or (iv) any Asset Sale or Disposition excluded from the definition of Asset Sale . Liquefaction Development Entity : (i) any Subsidiary of the Borrower, the principal operations of which are the construction, development, financing or operation of liquefaction facilities and (ii) one or more holding companies, the primary purpose of which is to hold the capital stock of any such entity, either directly or indirectly. 43 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW LNG : natural gas in its liquid state at or below its boiling point at or near atmospheric pressure. Loan Documents : this Agreement, the Security Documents, the Loan Notes, and the Agency Assignment Agreement. Loan Note : a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit C. Loan Parties : the collective reference to the Borrower and each Guarantor. Loans : the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. Management Investors : the current, former or future officers, directors, managers and employees (and any Immediate Family Members of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries who are or who become direct or indirect investors in the Borrower. Material Adverse Effect : any circumstances or conditions that would have a material adverse effect on (a) the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the rights or remedies of the Secured Parties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (c) the business, assets, properties, liabilities or financial condition of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole. Material Intellectual Property means any Intellectual Property owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is material to the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Material Real Estate Asset : any fee-owned real estate asset owned by a Loan Party on the Closing Date, acquired by a Loan Party after the Closing Date or owned by any Person at the time such Person becomes a Loan Party, in each case, having a Fair Market Value in excess of 25.0 million as of the date of acquisition thereof (or the date of substantial completion of any material improvement thereon or new construction thereof) or if the owning entity becomes a Loan Party after the Closing Date, as of the date such Person becomes a Loan Party. Maturity Date : the earliest of (a) the Stated Maturity Date, (b) the date on which all Loans shall become due and payable in full hereunder, whether by acceleration or otherwise and (c) the Springing Maturity Date (unless the Notes have been redeemed in full, or refinanced in full with Indebtedness with a maturity date later than 60 days after the Stated Maturity Date, prior to the Springing Maturity Date); provided that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, then the applicable Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. Maximum Rate : as defined in Section 9.25. Moody s : Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Mortgage : any mortgage, deed of trust or other similar agreement made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Common Representative, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties, on any Material Real Estate Asset constituting Collateral, which shall be in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. MSSF : means Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. MUFG : as defined in the introductory paragraph hereto. Multiemployer Plan : a plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA with respect to which the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has an obligation to make contributions or has any actual or contingent liability. Net Proceeds : the cash proceeds (including Cash Equivalents and cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) received by the 

44 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset Sale, net of (i) all fees and out-of- pocket expenses paid by (or on behalf of) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such event (including attorney s fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, underwriting discounts and commissions, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant, accountant and other customary fees and the amount of all transfer and similar taxes and the Borrower s good faith estimate of income or other taxes paid or payable (including pursuant to tax sharing arrangements or any tax distributions) in connection with such Asset Sale), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustment associated with such Asset Sale (provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released from such reserve (other than in connection with a payment in respect of such liability), such amounts shall constitute Net Proceeds), (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness which is secured by the asset disposed of in such Asset Sale and which is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due and is repaid (other than any such Indebtedness that is assumed by the purchaser of such asset), (iv) cash escrows (until released from escrow to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) from the sale price for such Asset Sale, (v) the pro rata portion of such Net Proceeds (calculated without regard to this clause (v)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as a result thereof, (vi) the amount of any liabilities (other than Indebtedness in respect of the Notes) directly associated with such asset and retained by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (vii) amounts required to be applied to the repayment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on Senior Indebtedness (other than any unsecured Indebtedness) required (other than required by Section 4.10(b) of the Existing Indentures) to be paid as a result of such transaction and (viii) any costs associated with unwinding any related Hedging Obligations in connection with such Asset Sale. Non-Consenting Lender : as defined in Section 2.19. Non-Defaulting Lender : at any time, any Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. Non-Excluded Taxes : as defined in Section 2.17(a). Non-Extending Lender : as defined in Section 2.21(b). Non-Financing Lease Obligation : a lease obligation that is not required to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease on both the balance sheet and the income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. For avoidance of doubt, a straight line or operating lease shall be considered a Non-Financing Lease Obligation. Non-Public Information : material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or their securities. Notice : a Funding Notice or a Conversion/Continuation Notice. Obligations : the collective reference to (a) the Borrower Obligations and (b) the Guarantor Obligations. Offering Memorandum : the Offering Memorandum dated August 19, 2020 relating to the offering of the 2025 Notes and as in effect on the Closing Date. Officer s Certificate : a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or on behalf of any other Person, as the case may be, that meets the requirements set forth in this Agreement. Organizational Documents : with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or similar documents) of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such 45 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such Person, (v) in the case of any trust, the declaration of trust and trust agreement (or similar document) of such Person and (vi) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Other Connection Taxes : with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than any connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes : any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document (and any interest, additions to Tax or penalties applicable thereto), except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed as a result of an assignment by a Recipient (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). Participant : as defined in Section 9.6(b). Participant Register : as defined in Section 9.6(b). PATRIOT Act : the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). PBGC : the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor). Pension Plan : a pension plan, as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to Title IV of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), and to which the Borrower may have liability, including any liability by reason of the Borrower s (a) being jointly and severally liable for liabilities of any Commonly Controlled Entity in connection with such Pension Plan, (b) having been a substantial employer within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or (c) being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under Section 4069 of ERISA. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Permit : any permit, license, approval, consent, order, right, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction, decree, registration, notification, authorization, franchise, privilege, grant, waiver, exemption and other similar concession or bylaw, rule or regulation of, by or from any Governmental Authority. Permitted Asset Swap : the substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange, including as a deposit for future purchases, of Related Business Assets or a combination of Related Business Assets and cash or Cash Equivalents between the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person. Permitted Holders : (a) any of Fortress, the Management Investors and their respective Affiliates, (b) any Person who is acting solely as an underwriter or initial purchaser in connection with a public or private offering of Equity Interests of the Borrower, acting in such capacity, (c) any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) of which any of the foregoing are members and any member of such group; provided that, in the case of such group and any member of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, no Person or other group (other than the Permitted Holders specified in clauses (a), (b) or (d) of this definition) owns, directly or 

46 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW indirectly, more than 50.0 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower held by such group, and (d) any Permitted Plan. Permitted Investments : (a) cash or Investments that were Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Assets at the time made; (b) (i) Investments existing on the Closing Date in the Borrower or in any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) Investments made after the Closing Date in the Borrower and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (including, in each case, guarantees of obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries); (c) Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments, trade credit (including the creation of receivables) and/or other credits to suppliers or lessors, (ii) made in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and/or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors, suppliers, lessors, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or, in the case of clause (iii), to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (d) Investments in joint ventures and Unrestricted Subsidiaries (with respect to each such Investment, as valued at Fair Market Value of such Investment at the time such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made); provided that the amount of such Investment (as so valued) shall not cause the aggregate amount of all such Investments made pursuant to this clause (d) and outstanding at the time of such Investment, after giving pro forma effect to such Investment, to exceed the greater of 100.0 million and 25.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, further however, that if any Investment pursuant to this clause (d) is made in any Person that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (b) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause (d); (e) Any Investment by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit, division or product line (including research and development and related assets in respect of any product): (i) in any Person or the Equity Interests of any Person who is engaged in a Similar Business and becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (and, in any event, including by redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or by means of a Division); or (ii) if as a result of such Investment, such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets (or such division, business unit, product line or line of business) to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, and, in each case, any Investment held by such Person; provided that such Investment was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation, Division, consolidation, transfer, conveyance or redesignation; (f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof in effect on the Closing Date (including as a result of the accrual or accretion of interest or original issue discount or the issuance of pay-in-kind securities) or as otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement; 47 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (g) Investments (including earn-outs) received in lieu of cash in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.4 or any other disposition of assets not constituting an Asset Sale; (h) loans or advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and/or any joint venture (i) to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower, so long as any cash proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Borrower for the purchase of such Equity Interests, (ii) for reasonable and customary business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes and (iii) for purposes not described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii); provided that after giving pro forma effect to the making of any such loan, advance or guarantee, the aggregate principal amount of all loans, advances and guarantees made in reliance on this clause (h) then outstanding (measured as of the date such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made) shall not exceed the greater of 15.0 million and 5.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (i) Investments (i) made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contacts and loans or advances made to distributors in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or (ii) consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable, performance guarantees or Contingent Obligations or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (j) Investments consisting of (or resulting from) (i) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.3, (ii) Permitted Liens, (iii) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.1 (other than a Restricted Payment permitted under Section 6.1(b)(ix)) and (iv) Asset Sales permitted under Section 6.4 or any other disposition not constituting an Asset Sale (other than pursuant to clause (a), (b), (c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and (g) of the definition thereof); (k) Investments in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers; (l) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received (i) in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (iii) upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and/or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes; (m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation (including deferred compensation) to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower; (o) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary that is acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection 

48 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this clause (o) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except as otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement; (p) [Reserved]; (q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount (with respect to each such Investment, as valued at the Fair Market Value of such Investment at the time such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made) then outstanding not to exceed: (i) the greater of 125.0 million and 35.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (measured as of the date such Investment is made, or at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made); plus (ii) in the event that (A) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes any Investment after the Closing Date in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and (B) such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, at the election of the Borrower, an amount equal to 100.0 of the Fair Market Value of such Investment as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the Borrower elects to apply the Fair Market Value of any such Investment (other than any Investment made pursuant to clause (q)(i)) in the manner described above in order to increase availability under this clause (q), then such Fair Market Value, and such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, shall not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or reduce the amount of outstanding Investments under the provision pursuant to which such Investment was initially made; (r) [Reserved]; (s) to the extent constituting Investments, (i) guarantees of leases (other than Financing Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (t) [Reserved]; (u) [Reserved]; (v) Investments in Subsidiaries of the Borrower in connection with internal reorganizations and/or tax restructuring entered into among the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries; (w) any Derivative Transactions of the type permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xix); (x) Investments consisting of the licensing of intellectual property or other works of authorship for the purpose of joint marketing arrangements with other Persons; (y) repurchases of the Existing Notes and any other Senior Indebtedness; (z) (i) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent that the same are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable Requirements of Law and (ii) Investments of assets relating to any non-qualified deferred payment plan or similar employee compensation plan in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; 49 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (aa) Investments in the Borrower, any Subsidiary and/or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities and/or customary buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements, in each case, entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (bb) additional Investments so long as, after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio does not exceed 2.50 to 1.00; (cc) any Investment made by any Unrestricted Subsidiary prior to the date on which such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as the relevant Investment was not made in contemplation of the designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; (dd) [Reserved]; (ee) Investments in Receivables Subsidiaries required in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing (including the contribution or lending of cash and Cash Equivalents to Receivables Subsidiaries to finance the purchase of assets from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to otherwise fund required reserves); (ff) contributions to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees, directors, consultants, independent contractors or other service providers or other grantor trust (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (gg) to the extent that they constitute Investments, purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of inventory, supplies, materials or equipment or purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of other assets, intellectual property, or other rights or the contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint marketing arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (hh) intercompany current liabilities owed to Unrestricted Subsidiaries or joint ventures incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or in connection with cash management operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (ii) Investments made from casualty insurance proceeds in connection with the replacement, substitution, restoration or repair of assets on account of a casualty event; (jj) Investments to the extent required by applicable rules under the Exchange Act or by any governmental authority, including any Investment made in order to avoid early warning or notice requirements under such rules or requirements; (kk) [Reserved]; and (ll) any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is not prohibited by and is made in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.5 (except transactions permitted by Section 6.5(b)(iv)(1) by reference to Section 6.1 or this definition and Section 6.5(b)(xv) and (xix)). Permitted Liens : (a) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred under Credit Facilities permitted under Section 6.3(b)(i); including any letter of credit facility relating thereto, that was, at the time such Indebtedness is deemed to be incurred, not prohibited or deemed to be not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(i); (b) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges (i) which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or not yet payable or subject to penalties for nonpayment, (ii) 

50 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (iii) which are on property that the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has determined to abandon if the sole recourse for such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim is to such property or (iv) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) Liens (and rights of setoff) of landlords, banks, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens (including, without limitation, any maritime liens, whether or not statutory, that are recognized or given effect to as such by the law of any applicable jurisdiction) imposed by applicable Requirements of Law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than 60 days, (ii) for amounts that are overdue by more than 60 days or that are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Liens or those that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as any reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP have been made for any such contested amounts or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (d) Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (i) in connection with workers compensation, pension, unemployment insurance, employers health tax and other types of social security or similar laws and regulations or other insurance related obligations (including in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto), (ii) to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or completion bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations but exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) securing or in connection with (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance (including self-insurance) to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or otherwise supporting the payment of items set forth in the foregoing clause (i) or (y) leases or licenses of property otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement and use and occupancy agreements, utility services and similar transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and (iv) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above; (e) Liens consisting of survey exceptions, easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, and other similar encumbrances or minor defects or irregularities in title, in each case that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any lease of real estate entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) landlord lien not prohibited by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor or sublessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sublessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii); (g) Liens solely on any cash advance, earnest money or escrow deposits made by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment or disposition not prohibited under this Agreement; (h) Liens or purported Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements, including precautionary UCC financing statements, or any similar filings made in respect of (i) 51 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Non-Financing Lease Obligations or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and/or (ii) the sale of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (to the extent otherwise permitted herein) for which a UCC financing statement is required; (i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; (j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building, land use or similar Requirements of Law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental authority by any statutory provision or by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to (i) control or regulate the use of any or dimensions of real property or the structure thereon that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order or (ii) terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit or to require annual or other payments as a condition to the continuation thereof; (k) Liens securing Refinancing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) (solely with respect to the permitted refinancing of (x) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(a) or Section 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (x), (xi), (xiv), (xv), (xvii), (xviii), (xxi), (xxiii), (xxiv), (xxv), (xli) or (xlii) or (y) Indebtedness that is secured in reliance on clause (u) below (without duplication of any amount outstanding thereunder)); provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that did not secure the Indebtedness being refinanced, other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed to or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B) in the case of any property or assets financed by Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock or subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness, in each case, not prohibited by Section 6.3, the terms of which Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock require or include a pledge of after-acquired property to secure such Indebtedness and related obligations, any such after-acquired property and (C) the proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xiv) provided by any lender may be cross- collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its Affiliates) and (ii) if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the Borrower may elect to have the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank (I) if the Liens on the Collateral that secured the Indebtedness that was refinanced by such Refinancing Indebtedness ranked equal in priority with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Secured Notes Obligations or junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations or (II) if the Liens on the Collateral that secured the Indebtedness that was refinanced by such Refinancing Indebtedness ranked junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations, junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor agreement with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; (l) Liens existing on the Closing Date or pursuant to agreements in existence on the Closing Date and any modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension thereof; provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that was not subject to the original Lien, other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed to or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B) in the case of any property or assets financed by Indebtedness or subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness, in either case permitted under Section 6.3, the terms of which 

52 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired property to secure such Indebtedness and related obligations, any such after-acquired property and (C) the proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xiv) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its Affiliates) and (ii) any such modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, if the same constitute Indebtedness, is not prohibited by Section 6.3; (m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xxv) and customary security deposits, related contract rights and payment intangibles related thereto; (xviii) , or (xxi); (n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xiv), (o) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xv) on the property or other asset the acquisition or Investment in which is financed thereby or on the Equity Interests and assets of the newly acquired Restricted Subsidiary or Liens otherwise existing on property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property or Equity Interests or other assets of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (including by the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary); provided that no such Lien (A) extends to or covers any other assets (other than (x) any replacements, additions and accessions thereto, any improvements thereon and any proceeds or products thereof, (y) after-acquired property to the extent such Indebtedness requires or includes, pursuant to its terms at the time assumed, a pledge of after-acquired property of such Person, and any replacements, additions and accessions thereto, any improvements thereon and any proceeds or products thereof, and customary security deposits in respect thereof and (z) in the case of multiple financings of equipment provided by any lender or its Affiliates, other equipment financed by such lender or its Affiliates, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition) or (B) was created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition of the Person, assets or Equity Interests; (p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and (D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit Accounts, (iv) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness in favor of the holders of such Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted under this Agreement, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction and (v) Liens consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a disposition permitted under Section 6.4, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien; (q) Liens on assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors (including Equity Interests owned by such Persons); (r) (i) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the 53 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens not securing indebtedness for borrowed money that are granted in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and customary in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (s) [Reserved]; (t) [Reserved]; (u) other Liens on assets securing Indebtedness; provided that, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness and other obligations then outstanding and secured thereby shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 100.0 million and 25.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries provided that, if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the Borrower may elect to have the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; (v) (i) Liens on assets securing, or otherwise arising from, judgments, awards, attachments and/or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(6) and (ii) any pledge and/or deposit securing any settlement of litigation; (w) (i) leases (including ground leases and leases of vehicles, tankers and ISO containers), licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (and other agreements pursuant to which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has granted rights to end users to access and use the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s products, technologies or services), or which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) ground leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are located; (x) Liens on securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Permitted Investments or any Investment permitted under Section 6.1 arising out of such repurchase transactions and reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to pooling, commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and not for speculative purposes; (y) Liens securing obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments permitted under Section 6.3(b)(v), (vi), (viii), or (xxvii); (z) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale or purchase of any asset in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or any similar Requirements of Law under any jurisdiction); (aa) Liens (other than, if granted in favor of any Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor, Liens on the Collateral ranking on an equal or senior priority basis to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations) securing Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary 

54 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW owing to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary and not prohibited to be incurred in accordance with Section 6.3; (bb) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; (cc) (i) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Person s accounts payable or other obligations in respect of documentary or trade letters of credit or banker s acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods, (ii) Liens on bills of lading, drafts or other documents of title arising by operation of law or pursuant to standard terms of agreements relating to letters of credit, bank guarantees and other similar instruments and (iii) receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory and proceeds thereof; (dd) Liens securing obligations of the type described in Section 6.3(b)(vii) and/or (xix) ; (ee) (i) Liens on Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (ii) Liens on Equity Interests of joint ventures securing capital contributions to, or Indebtedness or other obligations of, such joint ventures, (iii) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Equity Interests of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement and (iv) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; (ff) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, satisfaction, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; (gg) Liens consisting of the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (hh) Liens disclosed in any mortgage policy or survey with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset and any replacement, extension or renewal thereof; (ii) Liens on receivables and related assets incurred in connection with Permitted Receivables Financings; (jj) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC (or any comparable or successor provision) on the items in the course of collection and (ii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution or electronic payment service provider arising as a matter of law or under general terms and conditions encumbering deposits (including the right of setoff) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking or finance industry; (kk) security given to a public utility or any municipality or governmental authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with the operations of such Person in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (ll) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.3(b)(xxxix); (mm) other Liens on assets securing Indebtedness; provided that, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness then outstanding and secured thereby shall not exceed an amount such that (I) in the case of any such Liens secured by the Collateral that have Equal Lien Priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio does not exceed either (x) 3.00 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction) or (y) solely if incurred in 55 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction, the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the incurrence of such Liens, in each case, calculated on a pro forma basis, (II) in the case of any such Liens secured by the Collateral that have Junior Lien Priority relative to the Liens securing the Secured Notes Obligations, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio does not exceed either (x) 4.00 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction) or (y) solely if incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the incurrence of such Liens, in each case, calculated on a pro forma basis and (III) in the case of any such Indebtedness that is secured by assets that do not constitute Collateral (assuming, for purposes of this clause (III) and future ratio calculations for so long as such Indebtedness remains outstanding, that such assets constitute Collateral), the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio does not exceed either (x) 4.00 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction) or (y) if incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the incurrence of such Liens, in each case, calculated on a pro forma basis; provided that, if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) shall enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Secured Notes Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor agreement with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; (nn) agreements to subordinate any interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any accounts receivable or other proceeds arising from inventory consigned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (oo) Liens relating to future escrow arrangements securing Indebtedness, including (i) Liens on escrowed proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness for the benefit of the related holders of debt securities or other Indebtedness (or the underwriters, arrangers, trustee or collateral agent thereof) and (ii) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents set aside at the time of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, in either case to the extent such cash or Cash Equivalents prefund the payment of interest or premium or discount on such Indebtedness (or any costs related to the issuance or incurrence of such Indebtedness) and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose; (pp) Liens securing the 2025 Notes (other than any 2025 Additional Notes issued after the Closing Date) and the related 2025 Note Guarantees; (qq) Liens securing the 2026 Notes (other than any 2026 Additional Notes issued after the Closing Date) and the related 2026 Note Guarantees; (rr) Liens with respect to any vessel for maritime torts with respect to damage resulting from allisions, collisions, cargo damage, property damage, conversion (wrongful possession), pollution, personal injury and death, maintenance and cure, and unseaworthiness, in each case, that are covered by insurance (subject to reasonable deductibles); and (ss) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary arising from vessel chartering, drydocking, maintenance, repair, refurbishment, the furnishing of supplies and bunkers to vessels or masters , officers or crews wages and maritime Liens, that, in the case of each of the foregoing, were not incurred or created to secure the payment of Indebtedness and that in the aggregate do not materially adversely affect the value of the properties subject to such Liens 

56 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW or materially impair the use for the purposes of which such properties are held by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. For purposes of this definition, the term Indebtedness shall be deemed to include interest on such Indebtedness. Permitted Receivables Financing : any Receivables Financing of a Receivables Subsidiary that meets the following conditions: (a) the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such Receivables Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (b) all sales of accounts receivable and related assets by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Receivables Subsidiary are made at Fair Market Value; and (c) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof shall be market terms at the time the Receivables Financing is first introduced (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and may include Standard Securitization Undertakings. Person : any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, governmental authority or any other entity. Platform : as defined in Section 5.2(d). Post-Closing Actions : as defined in Section 5.12. Preferred Stock : any Capital Stock with preferential rights of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up. Prime Rate : the rate that the Administrative Agent announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time. Principal Office : the Administrative Agent s Principal Office as set forth in Section 9.2, or such other office or office of a third party or subagent, as appropriate, as the Administrative Agent may from time to time designate in writing to the Borrower and each Lender. Private Side Information : as defined in Section 5.2. pro forma basis or pro forma effect : with respect to any determination of the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA, Annualized EBITDA, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio, or Consolidated Total Assets (including component definitions thereof) or any other calculation under this Agreement, that each Subject Transaction required to be calculated on a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.7 shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets, as of the last day of such Test Period) with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which such calculation is being made and that: (a) (i) in the case of (A) any disposition of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary or any division, facility, business line and/or product line of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (B) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, income statement items (whether positive or negative and including any Run Rate Benefits related thereto) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made and (ii) in the case of any acquisition, Investment and/or designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary described in the definition of the term Subject Transaction , income statement items (whether positive or negative and including any Run Rate Benefits related thereto) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made; it being understood that any pro forma adjustment described in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA 57 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW may be applied to any such ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement solely to the extent that such adjustment is consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA , (b) any retirement, refinancing, prepayment or repayment of Indebtedness (other than normal fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes) shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made, (c) any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that, (i) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (ii) interest on any obligation with respect to any Financing Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by an officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP, (iii) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a Eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Borrower and (iv) interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period or, if lower, the maximum commitments under such revolving credit facility as of the applicable date of determination, and (d) the acquisition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets, whether pursuant to any Subject Transaction or any Person becoming a Subsidiary or merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or the disposition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets described in the definition of Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the last day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test, covenant or calculation for which such calculation is being made. Pro Rata Share : at any time, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time. If all the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Pro Rata Shares shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments of Loans and LC Exposures that occur after such termination or expiration. Property : any right or interest in or to property of any kind whatsoever, whether real or immovable, personal or moveable or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, corporeal or incorporeal, including Equity Interests. Public Lenders : Lenders that do not wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or their securities. QFC : as defined in Section 9.22(b). QFC Credit Support : as defined in Section 9.22. Qualified Capital Stock : of any Person means any Equity Interests of such Person that is not Disqualified Stock. Qualified ECP Guarantor in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that (a) has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time any guaranty of obligations under such Swap Obligation or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective or (b) otherwise constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible 

58 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Qualified Liquefaction Development Entities : (i) Bradford County Real Estate Holdings LLC, (ii) any Liquefaction Development Entity which is designated by the Borrower as a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity and (iii) any Subsidiary of a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity. Receivables Fees : distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, any Receivables Financing. Receivables Financing : any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, contribute, convey or otherwise transfer to (a) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), and (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable and any Hedge Agreements entered into by the Borrower or any such Subsidiary in connection with such accounts receivable. Receivables Repurchase Obligation : any obligation of a seller of receivables in a Permitted Receivables Financing to repurchase receivables arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant or otherwise, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. Receivables Subsidiary : a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Permitted Receivables Financing with the Borrower in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower makes an Investment and to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower transfers accounts receivable and related assets) which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower and all proceeds thereof and all rights (contractual or other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Receivables Subsidiary and: (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings; (b) with which neither the Borrower nor any other Subsidiary of the Borrower has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the Borrower reasonably believes to be no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower; and 59 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (c) to which neither the Borrower nor any other Subsidiary of the Borrower has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Recipient : (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender, (c) any Issuing Bank or (d) any Arranger, as applicable. Recovery Event : any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim (excluding the proceeds of business interruption insurance and any proceeds of property or casualty insurance which are paid directly to, or paid upon receipt by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries to, a third party loss payee) or any condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of Borrower or its Subsidiaries. Refinancing Indebtedness : as defined in Section 6.3(b)(xvii). Refunding Capital Stock : as defined in Section 6.1(b)(viii). Register : as defined in Section 2.4(b). Regulation D : Regulation D of the Board as in effect from time to time. Regulation T : Regulation T of the Board as in effect from time to time. Reinvested Assets : any assets into which the Net Proceeds from a Recovery Event relating to any FLNG1 Collateral and/or FLNG2 Collateral (including, in each case, other Reinvested Assets) have been reinvested or assets which have been acquired using such Net Proceeds. Related Business Assets : assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a Similar Business; provided that any assets received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be Related Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the securities of such Person, such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary. Related Fund : with respect to any Lender, any fund that (x) invests in commercial loans and (y) is managed or advised by the same investment advisor as such Lender, by such Lender or an affiliate of such Lender. Related Parties : with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Release : any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing, depositing, dispersing, emanating or migrating of any Hazardous Material in, into, onto or through the Environment, or from, into or through any structure or facility. Relevant Governmental Body : the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Relevant Transaction : as defined in Section 2.10(b)(iii). Replacement Lender : as defined in Section 2.19. Reportable Event : any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the notice requirement is waived. Required Lenders : one or more Lenders having Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure and unused Commitments at such time. plus (w) with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of Section 7.2, 

60 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW each Lender directly affected by such amendment, modification or waiver, (x) with respect to any waiver of all provisions in Section 5 and Section 6, each other Lender, (y) with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver of Section 9.20 as in effect on the Eighth Amendment Effective Date to the extent such amendment, modification or waiver would permit the release of Collateral or of any Subsidiary from a Guarantee, each other Lender and (z) with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver that (A) subordinates, or has the effect of subordinating, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or (B) subordinates the Lien of the Collateral Agent in all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, each other Lender. Requirements of Law : with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any governmental authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer : with respect to any Loan Party, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, secretary, assistant secretary, board member or manager of such Loan Party, or any other authorized officer or signatory of such Loan Party reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Restricted Debt Payments : as defined in Section 6.1(a). Restricted Investment : an Investment other than a Permitted Investment. Restricted Payments : as defined in Section 6.1(a). Restricted Subsidiary : at any time, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Person (including any Foreign Subsidiary) that is not then an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Upon the occurrence of an Unrestricted Subsidiary ceasing to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall be a Restricted Subsidiary . Unless the context otherwise requires, any references to Restricted Subsidiary refer to a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower. Return : with respect to any Investment, any dividend, distribution, interest, fee, premium, return of capital, repayment of principal, income, profit (from a disposition or otherwise) and any other similar amount received or realized in respect thereof. Revolving Availability Period : the period from and including the date hereof to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. Revolving Exposure : with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Loans and (b) such Lender s LC Exposure. Revolving Facility Usage : as of any date, the quotient, expressed as a percentage, of (a) the sum of outstanding Loans and LC Exposure and (b) the Commitments. Revolving Loan Facility : as defined in the recitals hereto. S P : S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc., or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Sale and Lease-Back Transaction : any transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (a) sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of any 61 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW property, real or personal, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and (b) as part of such transaction, thereafter rents or leases such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold, transferred or disposed of. Sanctions : as defined in Section 3.22(c). SEC : the Securities and Exchange Commission (or successors thereto or an analogous Governmental Authority). Second Amendment : that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and MSSF, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent. Second Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the Second Amendment. Secured Cash Management Agreements : each Cash Management Agreement that is (i) entered into by and between the Borrower or any Guarantor and any Lender Counterparty and (ii) designated as a Secured Cash Management Agreement by the Borrower in a written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent. Secured Hedge Agreements : each Hedge Agreement permitted under Section 6.3 that is (i) entered into by and between the Borrower or any Guarantor and any Lender Counterparty and (ii) designated as a Secured Hedge Agreement by the Borrower in a written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent. Secured Indebtedness : any Indebtedness secured by a Lien. Secured Notes Obligations : collectively, the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations and the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations. Secured Parties : a collective reference to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Lender Counterparties. Securities Act : the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Security Agreement : that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Collateral Agent. Security Documents : the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, the Ship Mortgages and any other security agreements relating to the Collateral securing the Obligations and the mortgages and instruments filed and recorded in appropriate jurisdictions to preserve and protect the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations (including financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of the relevant states), each for the benefit of the Collateral Agent. Senior Indebtedness : (a) all Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary outstanding under the Existing Notes and related Existing Note Guarantees (including in each case interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding or for reorganization of the Borrower or any Guarantor (at the rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, regardless of whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such proceedings)), and any and all other fees, expense reimbursement obligations, indemnification amounts, penalties, and other amounts (whether existing on the Closing Date or thereafter created or incurred) and all obligations of the Borrower or any Guarantor to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under letters of credit, acceptances or other similar instruments; (b) the Obligations, and all (i) Hedging Obligations (and guarantees thereof) and (ii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Guarantor in respect of Banking Services (and guarantees 

62 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW thereof); provided that such Hedging Obligations and Indebtedness, as the case may be, are permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement; (c) any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement, unless the instrument under which such Indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations; and (d) all obligations with respect to the items listed in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c); provided, however, that Senior Indebtedness shall not include: (i) any obligation of such Person to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any liability for U.S. or foreign federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing by such Person; (iii) any accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) any Indebtedness or other obligation of such Person which is subordinate or junior in right of payment to any other Indebtedness or other obligation of such Person; or (v) that portion of any Indebtedness which at the time of incurrence is incurred in violation of this Agreement. Senior Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, that such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is senior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Junior Priority Obligations, including the Liens securing the Equal Priority Obligations, and is subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Senior Priority Obligations : (x) the Equal Priority Obligations and (y) any obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having a Junior Lien Priority relative to the Obligations with respect to the Collateral and having Senior Lien Priority relative to the Junior Priority Obligations; provided, that the holders of such Indebtedness or their Senior Priority Representative shall become party to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and any other applicable intercreditor agreements. Senior Priority Representative : any duly authorized representative of any holders of Senior Priority Obligations, which representative is named as such in a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or any joinder thereto. Series : (1) with respect to the Equal Priority Secured Parties, each of (i) the 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties (in their capacity as such), (ii) the 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties (in their capacity as such) (iii) the Secured Parties and (iv) the Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties that are represented by a common representative (in its capacity as such for such Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties) and (2) with respect to any Equal Priority Obligations, each of (i) the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations, (ii) the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations (iii) the Obligations and (iv) the Additional Equal Priority Obligations incurred pursuant to any applicable agreement, which are to be represented under the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement by a common representative (in its capacity as such for such Additional Equal Priority Obligations). Seventh Amendment : that certain Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Issuing Banks party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Seventh Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the Seventh Amendment. 63 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Shared Collateral : at any time, Collateral in which the holders of two or more Series of Equal Priority Obligations hold a valid and perfected security interest at such time. If more than two Series of Equal Priority Obligations are outstanding at any time and the holders of less than all Series of Equal Priority Obligations hold a valid and perfected security interest in any Collateral at such time, then such Collateral shall constitute Shared Collateral for those Series of Equal Priority Obligations that hold a valid security interest in such Collateral at such time and shall not constitute Shared Collateral for any Series that does not have a valid and perfected security interest in such Collateral at such time. Ship Mortgage : any mortgage, deed of trust or other similar agreement made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Common Representative, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties, on any tanker or other marine vessel constituting Collateral, which shall be in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. Significant Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Closing Date; provided that, solely for purposes of Section 7.1(a)(7), each Restricted Subsidiary forming part of a group is subject to an Event of Default under such clause. Similar Business : any business conducted, engaged in or proposed to be conducted by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business that is similar, incidental, complementary, ancillary, supportive, synergetic or reasonably related businesses or reasonable extensions thereof (and non-core incidental businesses acquired in connection with any acquisition or Investment or other immaterial businesses). Sixth Amendment : that certain Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the Issuing Banks party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Sixth Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the Sixth Amendment. SOFR : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 2:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SOFR Administrator : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website : the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SOFR Borrowing : as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. SOFR Loan a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate . Solvent : with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will exceed the debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, respectively; (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, respectively, on their debts and other liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (c) such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (d) such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will not have 

64 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged as such businesses are conducted on such date. SPC : as defined in Section 9.6(g). Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations : the representations made by or with respect to the Golar Target and its subsidiaries in the Golar Acquisition Agreement as are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent that Borrower or Borrower s applicable Affiliate have the right (taking into account any cure provisions) to terminate Borrower s or Borrower s applicable Affiliate s obligations under the Golar Acquisition Agreement or to decline to consummate the Golar Acquisition without liability to Borrower as a result of a breach of such representations. Specified Asset Sales : the sale of any of the following assets of the Borrower or a Subsidiary (i) the modular floating or on-shore natural gas liquefaction assets, referred to by the Borrower as Fast LNG or FLNG Projects 2-5, (ii) the LNG terminal and power plant located in Par , Brazil; (iii) the LNG terminal located on the southern coast of Brazil, (iv) the 100MW gas-fired modular power units at the Port of Pichilingue in Baja California Sur, Mexico, and (v) the liquefaction facility in Miami, Florida; provided that for the avoidance of doubt the FLNG1 Collateral and the FLNG2 Collateral shall not be subject to any Specified Asset Sale. Specified Hedge Agreement : as defined in clause (i) of the definition of Indebtedness. Specified Representations : the representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.3(a) (solely with respect to the Borrower), 3.4(b), 3.4(d), 3.11, 3.14, 3.19, 3.20, and 3.22 (as it relates to use of proceeds of the Loans). Springing Maturity Date : 60 days prior to the maturity of the 2025 Notes. Standard Securitization Undertakings : representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and guarantees of performance entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower which the Borrower has determined in good faith to be customary in a Receivables Financing including those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Receivables Subsidiary, it being understood that any Receivables Repurchase Obligation shall be deemed to be a Standard Securitization Undertaking. Stated Maturity Date : April 15, 2026, as may be extended pursuant to Section 2.21. Subject Lien : as defined in Section 6.6(a). Subject Transaction : with respect to any Test Period, (a) the Transactions, (b) any acquisition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or the Capital Stock of any Person (and, in any event, including any Investment in (i) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture), in each case that is not prohibited by this Agreement, (c) any disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Capital Stock of any Subsidiary (or any facility, business unit, line of business, product line or division of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement, (d) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement, (e) any incurrence or prepayment, repayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or refinancing of Indebtedness, (f) the implementation of any Run Rate Initiative, (g) any tax restructuring, (h) [Reserved], (i) the entry into any Customer Contract and/or (j) any other event that by the terms of this Agreement requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a pro forma basis. Subordinated Indebtedness : (a) with respect to the Borrower, any Indebtedness of the Borrower which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, and (b) with respect to any 65 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Guarantor, any Indebtedness of such Guarantor which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of such Guarantor. Subsidiary : with respect to any Person: (1) any corporation, association, or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity) of which more than 50.0 of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; and (2) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of which (x) more than 50.0 of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or otherwise, and (y) such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity. For the avoidance of doubt, any entity that is owned at a 50.0 or less level (as described above) shall not be a Subsidiary for any purpose under the Loan Documents, regardless of whether such entity is consolidated on the Borrower s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries financial statements. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Successor Company : as defined in Section 6.9(a)(i). Successor Guarantor : as defined in Section 6.9(c)(i). Supported QFC : as defined in Section 9.22. Swap Obligation : as defined in the definition of Excluded Swap Obligations. Taxes : all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term SOFR : means: (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR 

66 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW 0.10 Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Adjustment : for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum as set forth below for the applicable Type of such Loan and (if applicable) Interest Period therefor: Base Rate Loans: SOFR Loans: Interest Period Percentage One month 0.10 Three months 0.15 Six months 0.25 Term SOFR Administrator : CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate : the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Terminated Lender : as defined in Section 2.19. Termination Conditions : collectively, (a) the payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than (i) Unasserted Contingent Obligations and (ii) Obligations owing to Lender Counterparties under any Secured Hedge Agreements or Secured Cash Management Agreements that are not then due and payable), (b) the expiration or termination of the Commitments and (c) the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (except those that have been cash collateralized or backstopped, in each case, in a manner reasonably satisfactory to each applicable Issuing Bank). Test Period : (x) for any determination under this Agreement other than determining compliance with Section 6.10, the fiscal quarter then most recently ended for which financial statements are internally available and (y) for any determination of compliance with Section 6.10 (including calculation of any component of the ratios tested therein), the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower with respect to which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or 5.1(b). Third Amendment : that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and MSSF, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent. 67 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Third Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the Third Amendment. Total Loss : as defined in Section 6.3(b)(xlii). Trade Secrets : any trade secrets or other proprietary and confidential information, including unpatented inventions, invention disclosures, engineering or other technical data, financial data, procedures, know-how, designs, personal information, supplier lists, customer lists, business, production or marketing plans, formulae, methods (whether or not patentable), processes, compositions, schematics, ideas, algorithms, techniques, analyses, proposals, software (to the extent not a copyright) and data collections. Transaction Costs : fees, premiums, expenses, closing payments and other similar transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions. Transactions : all the transactions (and any transactions related thereto) described in the definition of Transactions in the Offering Memorandum. Transferee : as defined in Section 9.14. Treasury Capital Stock : as defined in Section 6.1(b)(viii). Type : when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or the Base Rate. UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement : the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unasserted Contingent Obligations : at any time, Obligations for taxes, costs, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities (excluding Obligations in respect of the principal of, and interest and premium (if any) on, any Obligation) in respect of which no assertion of liability and no claim or demand for payment has been made (and, in the case of Obligations for indemnification, no notice for indemnification has been issued by the indemnitee at such time). Uniform Commercial Code or UCC : the Uniform Commercial Code (or any similar or equivalent legislation) as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. Unrestricted Subsidiary : (1) any Subsidiary of the Borrower which at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by the Borrower, as provided below); (2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and (3) as of the Closing Date, NFE South Power Holdings Limited and each of its Subsidiaries. The Borrower may designate (or redesignate) any Subsidiary of the Borrower (including any existing Subsidiary and any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary, but other than any FLNG1 Subsidiary or any FLNG2 Subsidiary) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that: 

68 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (i) immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary); and (ii) as of the date of the designation thereof, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; and (iii) as of the date of the designation thereof, such Unrestricted Subsidiary is not a restricted subsidiary for purposes of any Existing Indenture or any other agreement governing any other Equal Priority Obligations. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Subsidiary attributable to the Borrower s (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary s) equity interest therein as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is permitted under Section 6.1). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (i) the making, incurrence or granting, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien of such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable and (ii) a Return on any Investment by the Borrower in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value at the date of such designation of the Borrower s or its Restricted Subsidiary s Investment in such Subsidiary. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if, on the date of and after giving effect to such designation, such Unrestricted Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) would own (or hold an exclusive license with respect to) any Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG1 Collateral or any FLNG2 Collateral. No Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG1 Collateral or any FLNG2 Collateral may be transferred (including by way of an exclusive license) to an existing Unrestricted Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) and no Unrestricted Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) may, at any time, own (or hold an exclusive license with respect to) Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG1 Collateral or any FLNG2 Collateral; provided further the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of an exclusive license), contribution, dividend or other investment of any Material Intellectual Property or FLNG1 Collateral or any FLNG2 Collateral to any entity other than a Loan Party. On and after the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall not designate (or redesignate) any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary will be party to the 2024 Financing Transactions and the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, contribute any Brazilian Assets to any Unrestricted Subsidiary other than in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions provided that the Borrower complies with Section 5.10(g) with respect to granting a junior- priority lien on the Brazilian Assets to secure the Obligations. Any such designation by the Borrower shall be notified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent by promptly providing an Officer s Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. No Unrestricted Subsidiary shall receive proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole. U.S. Government Securities Business Day : any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 69 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Special Resolution Regimes : as defined in Section 9.22. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate : as defined in Section 2.17(g). Voting Stock : of any Person, as of any date, means shares of such Person s Capital Stock that are at the time generally entitled, without regard to contingencies, to vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. Weighted Average Life to Maturity : when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment (it being understood that the Weighted Average Life to Maturity shall be determined without giving effect to any change in installment or other required payments of principal resulting from prepayments following the incurrence of such Indebtedness); by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary : any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary. Wholly-Owned Subsidiary : of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100.0 of the outstanding Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares and/or shares required by Requirements of Law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall at the time be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Section 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions; Rules of Construction. (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. (b) The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Provisions apply to successive events and transactions. (c) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms; or is not exclusive. 

70 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (d) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, references to agreements or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended, restated, amended and restated, replaced, refinanced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, replacements, refinancings, supplements or other modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document). Any reference to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such Law and any reference to any Law shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such Law as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. (e) The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. (f) Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s permitted successors and assigns. (g) Unless otherwise specifically indicated, the term consolidated with respect to any Person refers to such Person on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding from such consolidation any Unrestricted Subsidiary of such Person as if such Unrestricted Subsidiary were not an Affiliate of such Person. (h) The Administrative Agent does not warrant nor accept any responsibility nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to (i) any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (ii) the administration, submission or any matter relating to the rates in the definition of Benchmark or with respect to any rate that is an alternative, comparable or successor rate thereto or (iii) the effect of any of the foregoing. Section 1.3 Accounting Terms and Principles. (a) Generally. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all accounting or financial terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all computations and determinations as to accounting or financial matters and all financial statements and other financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations, and principles of consolidation, where appropriate) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, as in effect from time to time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Section 1.4 Timing of Payment or Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period and in the definition of Maturity Date or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. Section 1.5 Currency Equivalents Generally. 71 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (a) For purposes of determining compliance with Sections 6.1, 6.3 and 6.6 with respect to any amount of Indebtedness or Investment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is incurred (so long as such Indebtedness or Investment, at the time incurred, made or acquired, was permitted hereunder). (b) For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, where the permissibility of a transaction or determination of required actions or circumstances depend upon compliance with, or are determined by reference to, amounts stated in Dollars, any requisite currency translation shall be based on the exchange rate in effect on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of such transaction or determination and shall not be affected by subsequent fluctuations in exchange rates. Section 1.6 Limited Condition Transactions. (a) In connection with any action being taken solely in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of: (i) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement that requires the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio or, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio; (ii) determining whether a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or any subset of Defaults or Events of Default); or (iii) testing availability under baskets, ratios or financial metrics under this Agreement (including those measured as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA, Annualized EBITDA, Fixed Charges or Consolidated Total Assets or by reference to clause (2) of Section 6.1(a)); in each case, at the option of the Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any successor entity of any of the foregoing (including a third party) (the Testing Party , and the election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election ), with such option to be exercised on or prior to the date of execution of the definitive agreements, submission of notice or the making of a definitive declaration, as applicable, with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction, the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted under this Agreement, shall be deemed to be (a) the date the definitive agreements (or, if applicable, a binding offer or launch of a certain funds tender offer), notice (which may be conditional) or declaration with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into, provided or made, as applicable, or the date that an Officer s Certificate is given with respect to the designation of a Subsidiary as restricted or unrestricted, or (b) with respect to sales in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers applies (or similar law or practice in other jurisdictions), the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intent to make an offer or similar announcement or determination in another jurisdiction subject to laws similar to the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (as applicable, the LCT Test Date is made, and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock, Preferred Stock or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof, Restricted Payments and Asset Sales) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCT Test Date, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio, basket or financial metric, such ratio, basket or financial metric shall be deemed to have been complied with. 

72 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (b) For the avoidance of doubt, if the Testing Party has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, baskets or financial metrics for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date are exceeded or not complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, basket or financial metrics, including due to fluctuations in Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income or Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower, the target company or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such ratios, baskets or financial metrics will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations and such baskets, ratios or financial metrics shall not be tested at the consummation of the Limited Condition Transaction except as contemplated in clause (a) of the immediately succeeding proviso; provided, however, that (a) if financial statements for one or more subsequent fiscal quarters shall have become available, the Testing Party may elect, in its sole discretion, to redetermine all such baskets, ratios and financial metrics on the basis of such financial statements, in which case such date of redetermination shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date, (b) if any ratios or financial metrics improve or baskets increase as a result of such fluctuations, such improved ratios, financial metrics or baskets may be utilized and (c) Fixed Charges with respect to any Indebtedness expected to be incurred in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction will, for purposes of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, be calculated using an assumed interest rate based on the available documentation therefor, as determined by the Testing Party in good faith (or, if no such documentation is available, using an assumed interest rate as reasonably determined by the Testing Party in good faith). If the Testing Party has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of the ratios, baskets or financial metrics on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or (ii) the date that the definitive agreement, notice or declaration for such Limited Condition Transaction is abandoned, terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio, basket or financial metric shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Testing Party has exercised its option pursuant to the foregoing and any Default or Event of Default occurs following the LCT Test Date (including any new LCT Test Date) for the applicable Limited Condition Transaction and prior to or on the date of the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed not to have occurred or be continuing for purposes of determining whether any action being taken in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted under this Agreement. The Borrower will be deemed to have made an LCT Election with respect to the Golar Acquisition and the Hygo Acquisition on the Closing Date. Section 1.7 Certain Compliance Determinations. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to Section 1.6 and clauses (b) and (c) of this Section 1.7, all financial ratios, tests, covenants, calculations and measurements (including Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense, Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated EBITDA, Annualized EBITDA, any Fixed Amount or any Incurrence-Based Amount) contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such period and each such Subject Transaction on a pro forma basis and may be determined with reference to the financial statements of a parent company of the Borrower instead, so long as such parent company does not hold any material assets other than, directly or indirectly, the Equity Interests of the Borrower (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or senior management of the Borrower (or any parent company of the Borrower)). Further, if, since the beginning of any such period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement (i) any Subject Transaction has occurred or (ii) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any joint venture since the beginning of such period has consummated any 73 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement shall be calculated on a pro forma basis for such period as if such Subject Transaction (including, without duplication of any amounts otherwise reflected in Consolidated EBITDA for the applicable Test Period, any Run Rate Benefits and the run rate income described, and calculated as set forth, in clause (e)(i) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA) had occurred at the beginning of the applicable period. (b) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement (including Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense, Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated EBITDA and Annualized EBITDA), such Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement shall be calculated at the time such action is taken (subject to Section 1.6), such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement occurring after the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be. (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement (including any covenant), including in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and/or Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts substantially concurrently (or in connection with the same Limited Condition Transaction) with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that requires compliance with a financial ratio or test (including Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and/or Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) (any such amounts, the Incurrence-Based Amounts ), it is understood and agreed that the Fixed Amounts shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio or test applicable to the Incurrence- Based Amounts. (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) is incurred or issued, any Lien is incurred or other transaction is undertaken in reliance on an Incurrence-Based Amount, such Incurrence-Based Amount shall be calculated without regard to the incurrence of any Indebtedness under any revolving facility or letter of credit facility (i) immediately prior to or in connection therewith or (ii) used to finance working capital needs of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as reasonably determined by the Borrower). (e) For purposes of determining compliance at any time with Sections 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 and 6.6 and the definition of Permitted Investments , in the event that any Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition or Affiliate Transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(a), any clause of Section 6.3(b), any clause of the definition of Permitted Liens , clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or any clause of Section 6.1(b), any clause of Section 6.2(b), any clause of the definition of Permitted Investment , any clause of the definition of Asset Sale and any dispositions constituting exceptions thereto and any clause under Section 6.5, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any one category; provided that the reclassification described in this sentence shall be deemed to have occurred automatically with respect to 

74 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW any such transaction or item incurred or made pursuant to a Fixed Amount that later would be permitted on a pro forma basis to be incurred or made pursuant to an Incurrence-Based Amount; provided, further, no reclassification of any Investment may be made with respect to a permitted Investment in or to an Unrestricted Subsidiary. It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition and/or Affiliate Transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition and/or Affiliate Transaction under such sections, respectively, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof. (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, so long as an action was taken (or not taken) in reliance upon a basket, ratio or test under this Agreement that was calculated or determined in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower based upon financial information available to such officer at such time and such action (or inaction) was permitted under this Agreement at the time of such calculation or determination, any subsequent restatement, modification or adjustments made to such financial information (including any restatement, modification or adjustment that would have caused such basket, ratio or test to be exceeded as a result of such action or inaction) shall not result in any Default or Event of Default under this Agreement. (g) For purposes of any determination under this Agreement (other than the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action under this Agreement) with respect to the amount of any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Investment, Asset Sale, Sale and Lease-Back Transaction, Affiliate Transaction or other transaction, event or circumstance, or any determination under any other provision of this Agreement (any of the foregoing, a specified transaction requiring the use of a current exchange rate, (i) the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars of a specified transaction in a currency other than U.S. dollars shall be calculated based on the relevant exchange rate, as may be determined by the Borrower in good faith, for such foreign currency (the Exchange Rate on the date of such determination (which, in the case of any Restricted Payment, shall be deemed to be the date of the declaration thereof and, in the case of the incurrence of Indebtedness, shall be deemed to be on the date first committed); provided, that if any Indebtedness is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to refinance or replace other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, and the relevant refinancing or replacement would cause the applicable U.S. dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency Exchange Rate in effect on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing or replacement Indebtedness (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of the Refinanced Indebtedness, except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest and premiums (including premiums) thereon plus other reasonable and customary fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such refinancing or replacement, (y) any existing unutilized commitments and letters of credit undrawn thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.3 and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the Exchange Rate occurring after the time of any specified transaction so long as such specified transaction was permitted at the time incurred, made, acquired, committed, entered or declared as set forth in clause (i). For purposes of the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action under this Agreement, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars shall be translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable Exchange Rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 (or, prior to the first such delivery, the most recent internally available financial statements), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period and will, with respect to any Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted under this Agreement in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the U.S. dollar equivalent amount of such Indebtedness. 75 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (h) For purposes of the calculation of the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.3(a), such Person may elect to treat all or any portion of the commitment (such amount elected until revoked as described below, the Elected Amount under any Indebtedness which is to be incurred (or any commitment in respect thereof) or secured by such Lien (whether by the Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries or any third party), as the case may be, as being incurred or secured, as the case may be, as of the date of determination and (i) any subsequent incurrence of such Indebtedness under such commitment that was so treated (so long as the total amount under such Indebtedness does not exceed the Elected Amount) shall not be deemed, for purposes of this calculation, to be an incurrence of additional Indebtedness or an additional Lien at such subsequent time, (ii) such Person may revoke an election of an Elected Amount and (iii) for subsequent calculations of the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Elected Amount (if any) shall be deemed to be outstanding, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding. Section 2. LOANS Section 2.1 Loans. (a) Loan Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender severally agrees to make Loans to the Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in such Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment or the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment. All Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans. The Loans may be SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans, as provided herein. (b) Borrowing Mechanics for Loans. (i) The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Funding Notice no later than (x) 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of the proposed Borrowing with respect to Base Rate Loans and (y) 12:00 p.m. (noon) (New York City time) three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing with respect to SOFR Loans (or such later time as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Promptly upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such Funding Notice, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed borrowing. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Base Rate Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested SOFR Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. (ii) Each Lender shall make its Loan available to the Administrative Agent not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of the proposed Borrowing, by wire transfer of same day funds in Dollars, at the principal office designated by Administrative Agent. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent specified herein, the Administrative Agent shall make the proceeds of the Loans available to the Borrower on the date of the proposed Borrowing by causing an amount of same day funds in Dollars equal to the proceeds of all such Loans received by the Administrative Agent from Lenders to be credited to the account of the Borrower at the Principal Office designated by the Administrative Agent or to such other account as may be designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or, in the case of a Base Rate Borrowing made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as 

76 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW provided in Section 2.3(e), to the applicable Issuing Bank as specified by the Borrower in the applicable Funding Notice. (iii) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Borrowing of SOFR Loans, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000; provided that a Borrowing of SOFR Loans that results from a continuation of an outstanding Borrowing of SOFR Loans may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to such outstanding Borrowing. At the time that each Borrowing of Base Rate Loans is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000; provided that a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.3(e). Section 2.2 Pro Rata Shares; Availability of Funds. (a) Pro Rata Shares. All Loans shall be made, and all participations purchased, by Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their respective Pro Rata Shares, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in such other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby nor shall any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of a default by any other Lender in such other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby. (b) Availability of Funds. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender does not intend to make available to the Administrative Agent the amount of such Lender s share of the Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender, together with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the customary rate set by the Administrative Agent for the correction of errors among banks for three Business Days and thereafter at the Base Rate. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s demand therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent together with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the rate payable hereunder for Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such duplicative interest paid by the Borrower for such period. In the event that (i) the Administrative Agent declines to make a requested amount available to the Borrower until such time as all applicable Lenders have made payment to the Administrative Agent, (ii) a Lender fails to fund to the Administrative Agent all or any portion of the Loans required to be funded by such Lender hereunder prior to the time specified in this Agreement and (iii) such Lender s failure results in the Administrative Agent failing to make a corresponding amount available to the Borrower on the requested date of the applicable Borrowing, at the Administrative Agent s option, such Lender shall not receive interest hereunder with respect to the requested amount of such Lender s Loans for the period commencing with the time specified in this Agreement for receipt of payment by the Borrower through and including the time of the Borrower s receipt of the requested amount. Nothing in this Section 2.2(b) shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitments hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 77 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 2.3 Letters of Credit. (a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit for its own account (or, so long as the Borrower is a joint and several co-applicant with respect thereto, the account of any Subsidiary), denominated in Dollars and in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the period from the Closing Date to the fifth Business Day prior to the Maturity Date, provided that no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. The Borrower unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the account of any Subsidiary as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, it will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.8(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding anything contained in any letter of credit application furnished to any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of any Letter of Credit, (i) all provisions of such letter of credit application purporting to grant Liens in favor of such Issuing Bank to secure obligations in respect of such Letter of Credit shall be disregarded, it being agreed that such obligations shall be secured to the extent provided in this Agreement and in the Security Documents, and (ii) in the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of such letter of credit application and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Where reasonably practical the Borrower shall endeavor to allocate requests for Letters of Credit hereunder among the Issuing Banks so that the aggregate outstanding amount of the Letters of Credit issued by each Issuing Bank are similar in amount. (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit or the amendment or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit (other than an automatic extension permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section), the Borrower shall hand deliver or fax (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the recipient) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, at least three Business Days prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended or extended, and specifying the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be requested by the applicable Issuing Bank as necessary to enable such Issuing Bank to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any such request. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon each issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension, (i) the LC Exposure will not exceed 200,000,000, (ii) the portion of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank will not exceed the LC Commitment of such Issuing Bank, (iii) no Lender will have a Revolving Exposure greater than its Commitment and (iv) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure will not exceed the Aggregate Commitment. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the LC Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank; provided that the Borrower shall not reduce the LC Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect to such reduction, the condition set forth in clause (ii) above shall not be satisfied. Each Issuing Bank agrees that it shall not permit any issuance, increase or extension of a Letter of Credit to occur unless it shall have given to the Administrative Agent written notice thereof required under paragraph (m) of this Section. (c) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date that is one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit 

78 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (or, in the case of any extension thereof, one year after such extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; provided, however, that any Letter of Credit may contain customary automatic extension provisions agreed upon by the Borrower and the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to which the expiration date of such Letter of Credit shall be automatically extended for a period of up to 12 months (but not to a date later than the date set forth in clause (ii) above), subject to a right on the part of such Issuing Bank to prevent any such extension from occurring by giving notice to the beneficiary in advance of any such extension. (d) Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or any Lender, the Issuing Bank that is the issuer thereof hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph(e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit, the occurrence and continuance of a Default, any reduction or termination of the Commitments or any force majeure or other event that under any rule of law or uniform practices to which any Letter of Credit is subject (including Section 3.14 of ISP or similar provisions stated in the Letter of Credit) permits a drawing to be made under such Letter of Credit after the expiration thereof or of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that, in issuing, amending or extending any Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon the representation and warranty of the Borrower deemed made pursuant to Section 4.2 unless, at least one Business Day prior to the time such Letter of Credit is issued, amended or extended (or, in the case of an automatic extension permitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, at least one Business Day prior to the time by which the election not to extend must be made by the applicable Issuing Bank), the Required Lenders shall have notified the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in writing that, as a result of one or more events or circumstances described in such notice, one or more of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.2(a) or 4.2(b) would not be satisfied if such Letter of Credit were then issued, amended or extended (it being understood and agreed that, in the event any Issuing Bank shall have received any such notice, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit until and unless it shall be satisfied that the events and circumstances described in such notice shall have been cured or otherwise shall have ceased to exist). (e) Reimbursements. If an Issuing Bank shall make an LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice; provided that, if the amount of such LC Disbursement is 1,000,000 or more, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.1(b) that such payment be financed with a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting such Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to reimburse any LC Disbursement by the time specified above, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of such failure, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect of the applicable LC Disbursement and such Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of the amount then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.1(b) with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.2 shall apply, mutatis 79 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders pursuant to this paragraph), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for an LC Disbursement (other than the funding of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. (f) Obligations Absolute. The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision thereof or hereof, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any force majeure or other event that under any rule of law or uniform practices to which any Letter of Credit is subject (including Section 3.14 of ISP or similar provisions stated in the Letter of Credit) permits a drawing to be made under such Letter of Credit after the stated expiration date thereof or of the Commitments or (v) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit, any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any other act, failure to act or other event or circumstance; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (with such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable judgment), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. (g) Disbursement Procedures. Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by email or facsimile) of such demand for payment and if such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall 

80 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section. (h) Interim Interest. If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement in full, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans; provided that if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, Section 2.7 shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment, and shall be payable on demand or, if no demand has been made, on the date on which the Borrower reimburses the applicable LC Disbursement in full. (i) Cash Collateralization. If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 103 of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.1(a)(7) or Section 7.1(a)(8). The Borrower also shall deposit cash collateral in accordance with this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.3(c), 2.10 or 2.20(c). Each such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Security Documents, be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Banks for LC Disbursements for which they have not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to (i) the consent of the Required Lenders and (ii) in the case of any such application at a time when any Lender is a Defaulting Lender (but only if, after giving effect thereto, the remaining cash collateral shall be less than the aggregate LC Exposure of all the Defaulting Lenders), the consent of each Issuing Bank), be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder pursuant to Section 2.10, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower to the extent that, after giving effect to such return, the Aggregate Revolving Exposure would not exceed the Aggregate Commitment and no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20(c), such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower as promptly as practicable to the extent that, after giving effect to such return, no Issuing Bank shall have any exposure in respect of any outstanding Letter of Credit that is not fully covered by the Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Lenders and/or the remaining cash collateral and no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 81 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (j) Designation of Additional Issuing Banks. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, designate as additional Issuing Banks one or more Lenders that are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and that agree to serve in such capacity as provided below. The acceptance by a Lender of an appointment as an Issuing Bank hereunder shall be evidenced by an agreement, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and which shall specify the initial LC Commitment of such Issuing Bank), executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such designated Lender and, from and after the effective date of such agreement, (i) such Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement and (ii) references herein or in any other Loan Document to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to include such Lender in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. (k) Termination of an Issuing Bank. The Borrower may terminate the appointment of any Issuing Bank as an Issuing Bank hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such Issuing Bank, with a copy to the Administrative Agent. Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (i) such Issuing Bank acknowledging receipt of such notice and (ii) the 10th Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof; provided that no such termination shall become effective until and unless the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (or its Affiliates) shall have been reduced to zero. At the time any such termination shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the terminated Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.8(b). Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such termination, the terminated Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such termination, but shall not be required to issue any additional Letters of Credit. (l) Replacement or Resignation of an Issuing Bank. (i) An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.8(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (y) references herein or in any other Loan Document to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor Issuing Bank or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. (ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.3(l)(i) above. (m) Issuing Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent. Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions, decreases that have been accepted by the beneficiaries, increases, all expirations and cancelations and all disbursements and reimbursements, 

82 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (ii) reasonably prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, increases or extends any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, increase or extension, and the amount of the Letters of Credit issued or increased by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance or increase, (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. (n) LC Exposure Determination. For all purposes of this Agreement, the amount of a Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the amount thereof shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases (other than any such increase consisting of the reinstatement of an amount previously drawn thereunder and reimbursed), whether or not such maximum amount may be drawn immediately at the time of determination. (o) Release. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in the event that, in connection with the refinancing or repayment in full of the credit facilities provided for herein, an Issuing Bank shall have provided to the Administrative Agent a written consent to the release of the Lenders from their obligations hereunder with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (whether as a result of the obligations of the Borrower (and any other account party) in respect of such Letter of Credit having been collateralized in full by a deposit of cash with such Issuing Bank, or being supported by a letter of credit that names such Issuing Bank as the beneficiary thereunder, or otherwise), then from and after such time such Letter of Credit shall cease to be a Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Lenders shall be deemed to have no participations in such Letter of Credit, and no obligations with respect thereto, under Section 2.3(d) or 2.3(e). Section 2.4 Evidence of Debt; Register; Lenders Books and Records; Loan Notes. (a) Lenders Evidence of Debt. Each Lender shall maintain on its internal records an account or accounts evidencing the Borrower Obligations to such Lender, including the amounts of the Loans made by it and each repayment and prepayment in respect thereof. Any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and each other Loan Party, absent manifest error; provided that the failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrower Obligations in respect of any Loans; and provided further, in the event of any inconsistency between the Register and any Lender s records, the recordations in the Register shall govern. (b) Register. The Administrative Agent (or its agent or sub-agent appointed by it), acting solely as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower for purposes of maintaining the Register (as defined below), shall maintain at its Principal Office (which Principal Office shall be in the United States) a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of Lenders (and each assignee thereof) and the Commitments and Loans (and related stated interest amounts) of each Lender from time to time (the Register ). The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender (provided that any such Lender may only inspect any entry relating to such Lender s Commitments and Loans) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The Administrative Agent shall record, or shall cause to be recorded, in the Register the Commitments and the Loans (and related interest amounts), as well as any assignments thereof, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.6, and each repayment or prepayment in respect of the principal amount (and related interest amounts) of the Loans, and any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each Lender, absent manifest error. The parties hereto shall treat each Person listed in the Register as the owner of the applicable Loan, notwithstanding notice to 83 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW the contrary. This Section 2.4(b) is intended to establish a book entry system within the meaning of Treasury regulation Section 5f.103-1(c)(1)(ii) and shall be interpreted consistently with such intent. (c) Loan Notes. If so requested by any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date, or at any time thereafter, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (and/or, if applicable and if so specified in such notice, to any Person who is an Assignee of such Lender pursuant to Section 9.6) on the Closing Date (or, if such notice is delivered after the Closing Date, promptly after the Borrower s receipt of such notice) a Loan Note to evidence such Lender s Loans provided that the delivery of such Loan Notes shall not be a condition to closing on the Closing Date. Section 2.5 Interest on Loans. (a) Except as otherwise set forth herein, each Loan shall bear interest on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date made through repayment (whether by acceleration or otherwise) thereof as follows: Margin; or Applicable Margin. (i) if a Base Rate Loan, at the Base Rate plus the Applicable (ii) if a SOFR Loan, at the Adjusted Term SOFR plus the (b) The basis for determining the rate of interest with respect to any Loan, and the Interest Period with respect to any SOFR Loan, shall be selected by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent and Lenders pursuant to the applicable Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, as the case may be. (c) In connection with SOFR Loans there shall be no more than eight (8) Interest Periods outstanding at any time. In the event the Borrower fails to specify between a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan in the applicable Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, such Loan (if outstanding as a SOFR Loan) will be automatically converted into a Base Rate Loan on the last day of the then current Interest Period for such Loan (or if outstanding as a Base Rate Loan will remain as, or (if not then outstanding) will be made as, a Base Rate Loan). In the event the Borrower fails to specify an Interest Period for any SOFR Loan in the applicable Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month. As soon as practicable after 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on each Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the Administrative Agent shall determine (which determination shall, absent manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties) the interest rate that shall apply to the SOFR Loans for which an interest rate is then being determined for the applicable Interest Period and shall promptly give notice thereof (in writing or by telephone confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and each Lender. (d) Interest payable pursuant to clause (a) shall be computed (i) in the case of Base Rate Loans on the basis of a 365 day or 366 day year, as the case may be, and (ii) in the case of SOFR Loans, on the basis of a 360 day year, in each case for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which it accrues. In computing interest on any Loan, the date of the making of such Loan or the first day of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan or the last Interest Payment Date with respect to such Loan or, with respect to a Base Rate Loan being converted from a SOFR Loan, the date of conversion of such SOFR Loan to such Base Rate Loan, as the case may be, shall be included, and the date of payment of such Loan or the expiration date of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan or, with respect to a Base Rate Loan being converted to a SOFR Loan, the date of conversion of such Base Rate Loan to such SOFR Loan, as the case may be, shall be excluded; provided, if a Loan is repaid on the same day on which it is made, one day s interest shall be paid on that Loan. 

84 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (e) Except as otherwise set forth herein, interest on each Loan shall accrue on a daily basis and shall be payable in arrears on (i) each Interest Payment Date with respect to interest accrued on and to each such payment date; and (ii) upon any prepayment of that Loan, to the extent accrued on the amount being prepaid (provided, however, with respect to any voluntary prepayment of a Base Rate Loan, accrued interest shall instead be payable on the applicable Interest Payment Date). (f) In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time in consultation with the Borrower (provided that, any such consultation shall not be required with respect to any determination by the Administrative Agent as to whether any market practice or convention is administratively feasible) and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. Section 2.6 Conversion/Continuation. (a) Subject to Section 2.15 and so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, the Borrower shall have the option: (i) to convert at any time all or any part of any Loan (in an amount permitted by Section 2.1(b)(iii)) from one Type of Loan to another Type of Loan; provided, a SOFR Loan may only be converted on the expiration of the Interest Period applicable to such SOFR Loan unless the Borrower shall pay all amounts due under Section 2.15 in connection with any such conversion; or (ii) upon the expiration of any Interest Period applicable to any SOFR Loan, to continue all or any portion of such Loan (in an amount permitted by Section 2.1(b)(iii)) as a SOFR Loan. (b) Subject to clause (c) below, the Borrower shall deliver a Conversion/Continuation Notice to the Administrative Agent no later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) at least one Business Day in advance of the proposed conversion date (in the case of a conversion to a Base Rate Loan) and at least three Business Days in advance of the proposed conversion/continuation date (in the case of a conversion to, or a continuation of, a SOFR Loan). Except as otherwise provided herein, a Conversion/Continuation Notice for conversion to, or continuation of, any SOFR Loans shall be irrevocable on and after the related Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and the Borrower shall be bound to effect a conversion or continuation in accordance therewith. If on any day a Loan is outstanding with respect to which a Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice has not been delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms hereof specifying the applicable basis for determining the rate of interest, then for that day such Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. (c) Any Conversion/Continuation Notice shall be executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in a writing delivered to the Administrative Agent. In lieu of delivering a Conversion/Continuation Notice, the Borrower may give the Administrative Agent telephonic notice by the required time of such proposed conversion or continuation, as the case may be; provided each such notice shall be promptly confirmed in writing by delivery of the applicable Conversion/Continuation Notice to the Administrative Agent on or before the close of business on the date that the telephonic notice is given. In the event of a discrepancy between the telephone notice and the written Conversion/Continuation Notice, the written Conversion/Continuation Notice shall govern. In the case of any Conversion/Continuation Notice that is irrevocable once given, if the Borrower provides telephonic notice in lieu thereof, such telephone notice shall also be irrevocable once given. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender 85 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW shall incur any liability to the Borrower in acting upon any telephonic notice referred to above that the Administrative Agent believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized on behalf of the Borrower or for otherwise acting in good faith. Section 2.7 Default Interest. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), Section 7.1(a)(7) or Section 7.1(a)(8), the overdue principal amount of all Loans outstanding and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any overdue interest payments on the Loans or any overdue fees or other amounts owed hereunder shall bear interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under Bankruptcy Laws (or interest that would have accrued after the commencement of a proceeding but for the commencement of such proceeding)) payable on demand at a rate that is 2 per annum in excess of (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, the interest rate otherwise payable hereunder with respect to the applicable Loans and (ii) in the case of any other amount, the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. Payment or acceptance of the increased rates of interest provided for in this Section 2.7 is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. Section 2.8 Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to 0.50 on the average daily unused amount of the Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the date hereof to but excluding the date on which the Commitments terminate. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For purposes of computing commitment fees, a Commitment of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Loans and LC Exposure of such Lender. (b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Margin used to determine the interest rate applicable to SOFR Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to 0.125 on the average daily amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any such LC Exposure, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, increase or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). (c) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Arranger and the Administrative Agent fees and expenses in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon. 

86 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (d) The Borrower agrees to pay to each Arranger and the Administrative Agent fees in the amounts and at the times set forth in that certain Second Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof. (e) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the applicable Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Section 2.9 Termination and Reduction of Commitments. (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date. (b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time permanently reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each partial reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.10, (A) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment or (B) the Revolving Exposure of any Lender would exceed its Commitment. (c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events specified in such notice, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. Section 2.10 Voluntary and Mandatory Prepayments. (a) Voluntary Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to the requirements of this Section. (b) Mandatory Prepayments. (i) In the event and on each occasion that the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeds the Aggregate Commitment, the Borrower shall prepay Borrowings (or, if no such Borrowings are outstanding, deposit cash collateral in an account with the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.3(i)) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. (ii) Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of the net proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans in an amount equal to 25 of the FEMA Make Whole proceeds and permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments by an equivalent amount on such date. (iii) If the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries consummates an Asset Sale including a Specified Asset Sale (subject at all times to the restrictions set forth in Section 6.4(c) that prohibit the sale of any FLNG1 Collateral and any FLNG2 Collateral and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, cargo sales in the ordinary course of business), and the transactions described in the foregoing result in the receipt by the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries of Net Proceeds in excess of 50,000,000 (any such transaction or series 87 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW of related transactions being a Relevant Transaction ), the Borrower shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent thereof promptly after the date of receipt of such Net Proceeds and the Borrower shall, prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans in an amount equal to 75 of the Net Proceeds received from such Relevant Transaction within five (5) Business Days of receipt thereof by the Borrower or such Subsidiary; and provided that the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary) may use such Net Proceeds to prepay or offer to repurchase, on a ratable basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans and the Other Applicable Indebtedness at such time), Indebtedness under the Equal Priority Obligations existing on the date hereof solely to the extent required pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness (such Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt, Indebtedness under the Equal Priority Obligations or such other Indebtedness (or such Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof) which the borrower elects to prepay or offer to repurchase, Other Applicable Indebtedness ). (c) Prepayment Procedures. Prior to any optional or mandatory prepayment of Borrowings under this Section, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall specify such selection in the notice of such prepayment delivered pursuant to the following sentence. All such prepayments voluntary or mandatory prepayments shall be made (i) upon written or telephonic notice on the date of prepayment, in the case of Base Rate Loans and (ii) upon not less than (to the extent practicable, in the case of a mandatory prepayment) two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior written or telephonic notice in the case of SOFR Loans, in each case of (i) and (ii), given to the Administrative Agent by 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date required and, if given by telephone, promptly confirmed by delivery of written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent will promptly advise each applicable Lender of the contents thereof). Upon the giving of any such notice, the principal amount of the Loans specified in such notice shall become due and payable on the prepayment date specified therein; provided that a notice of voluntary prepayment may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, the receipt of proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the Disposition of assets or the closing of a merger, amalgamation or acquisition transaction, in which case such notice of prepayment may be revoked or extended by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date) if such condition is not satisfied or delayed in effectiveness, provided that the Borrower shall make any payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.15(c) in connection therewith. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.1(b), except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.5(e). Section 2.11 [Reserved]. Section 2.12 Benchmark Replacement Setting. (a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then: (i) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark 

88 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (ii) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its (or their) sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.12. (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 89 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. (f) Definitions. For the avoidance of doubt, any Hedge Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.12. Section 2.13 General Provisions Regarding Payments. (a) All payments by the Borrower of principal, interest, fees and other Obligations shall be made in Dollars in same day funds, without defense, recoupment, setoff or counterclaim, free of any restriction or condition, and delivered to the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date due at the Principal Office of the Administrative Agent for the account of Lenders. (b) All payments in respect of the principal amount of any Loan shall be accompanied by payment of any fees required to be paid in connection with such principal payment pursuant to Section 2.8 and payment of accrued interest on the principal amount being repaid or prepaid, and all such payments (and, in any event, any payments in respect of any Loan on a date when interest is due and payable with respect to such Loan) shall be applied to the payment of interest then due and payable before application to principal. (c) The Administrative Agent (or its agent or sub-agent appointed by it) shall promptly distribute to each Lender at such address as such Lender shall indicate in writing, such Lender s applicable Pro Rata Share of all payments and prepayments of principal and interest due hereunder, together with all other amounts due related thereto, including all fees payable with respect thereto, to the extent received by the Administrative Agent. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions hereof, if any Conversion/Continuation Notice is withdrawn as to any Affected Lender or if any Affected Lender makes Base Rate Loans in lieu of its Pro Rata Share of any SOFR Loans, the Administrative Agent shall give effect thereto in apportioning payments received thereafter. (e) Whenever any payment to be made hereunder with respect to any Loan shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. (f) The Administrative Agent shall deem any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder that is not made in same day funds prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) (unless a later time is otherwise specified herein with respect to such payment) to be a non-conforming payment. Any such payment shall not be deemed to have been received by the Administrative Agent until the later of (i) the time such funds become available funds, and (ii) the applicable next Business Day. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephonic notice to the Borrower and each applicable Lender (confirmed in writing) if any payment is non-conforming. Any non-conforming payment may constitute or become a Default or Event of Default in accordance with the terms of Section 7.1(a). Interest shall continue to accrue on any principal as to which a non-conforming payment is made until such funds become available funds (but in no event less than the period from the date of such payment to the next succeeding applicable Business Day) at the rate determined pursuant to Section 2.7, if applicable, from the date such amount was due and payable until the date such amount is paid in full. 

90 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 2.14 Ratable Sharing. The Lenders hereby agree among themselves that if any of them shall, whether by voluntary payment (other than a voluntary prepayment of Loans made and applied in accordance with the terms hereof), through the exercise of any right of set off or banker s lien, or by counterclaim or cross action or by the enforcement of any right under the Loan Documents or otherwise, or as adequate protection of a deposit treated as cash collateral under Bankruptcy Laws, receive payment or reduction of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal, interest, fees and other amounts then due and owing to such Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Aggregate Amounts Due to such Lender) which is greater than the proportion received by any other Lender in respect of the Aggregate Amounts Due to such other Lender, then the Lender receiving such proportionately greater payment shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent and each other Lender of the receipt of such payment and (b) apply a portion of such payment to purchase participations (which it shall be deemed to have purchased from each seller of a participation simultaneously upon the receipt by such seller of its portion of such payment) in the Aggregate Amounts Due to the other Lenders so that all such recoveries of Aggregate Amounts Due shall be shared by all Lenders in proportion to the Aggregate Amounts Due to them; provided that if all or part of such proportionately greater payment received by such purchasing Lender is thereafter recovered from such Lender upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, those purchases shall be rescinded and the purchase prices paid for such participations shall be returned to such purchasing Lender ratably to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. The Borrower expressly consents to the foregoing arrangement and agrees that any holder of a participation so purchased may exercise any and all rights of banker s lien, consolidation, set off or counterclaim with respect to any and all monies owing by the Borrower to that holder with respect thereto as fully as if that holder were owed the amount of the participation held by that holder. The provisions of this Section 2.14 shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement as in effect from time to time or (ii) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or other Obligations owed to it. For purposes of clause (a)(iii) of Section 2.17, a Lender that acquires a participation pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall be treated as having acquired such participation on the earlier date on which such Lender acquired the applicable interest in the Loan to which such participation relates. Section 2.15 Making or Maintaining SOFR Loans. (a) Inability to Determine Applicable Interest Rate. Subject to Section 2.12, if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Loan: (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error but shall be made only after consultation with the Borrower) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (ii) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error but shall be made only after consultation with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (ii), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) 91 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (B) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15(c). Subject to Section 2.12, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error but shall be made only after consultation with the Borrower) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any consultation with the Borrower pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.15(a) shall not be required with respect to any determination by the Administrative Agent as to whether any market practice or convention is administratively feasible. (b) Illegality of SOFR Loans. If any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent) (an Illegality Notice ), (i) any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended, and (ii) the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate , in each case until each affected Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of an Illegality Notice, the Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand from any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate ), on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if all affected Lenders may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if any Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, in each case until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by each affected Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15(c). (c) Compensation for Breakage or Non-Commencement of Interest Periods. The Borrower shall compensate each Lender, upon written request by such Lender (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts in reasonable detail), for all reasonable losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid or payable by such Lender to lenders of funds borrowed by it to make or carry its SOFR Loans and any loss, expense or liability sustained by such Lender in connection with the liquidation or re-employment of such funds but excluding loss of anticipated profits) which such Lender may sustain: (i) if for any reason (other than a default by such Lender) a borrowing of any SOFR Loan does not occur on a date specified therefor in a Funding Notice or a telephonic request for borrowing, or a conversion to or continuation of any SOFR Loan does not occur on a date specified therefor in a Conversion/Continuation Notice or a telephonic request for conversion or continuation; (ii) if any prepayment or other principal payment of, or any conversion of, any of its SOFR Loans occurs on a date prior to the last day of an Interest Period applicable to that Loan; or (iii) if any prepayment of any of its SOFR Loans is not made on any date specified in a notice of prepayment given by the Borrower. 

92 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (d) Booking of SOFR Loans. Any Lender may make, carry or transfer SOFR Loans at, to, or for the account of any of its branch offices or the office of an Affiliate of such Lender. Section 2.16 Increased Costs; Capital Requirements. (a) Increased Costs. If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Term SOFR) or any Issuing Bank; (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Taxes excluded from Section 2.17(a) pursuant to clauses (ii) through (iv) of Section 2.17(a), (B) Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes indemnifiable under Section 2.17 and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or (iii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or other Recipient, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such Issuing Bank or any lending office of such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. (d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or 93 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). Section 2.17 Taxes. (a) All payments made by or on behalf of any Loan Party to a Recipient under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes (except as required by applicable Law), excluding any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), branch profits, and franchise Taxes, in each case (x) imposed on any Recipient as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction of the Governmental Authority imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof), or (y) that are Other Connection Taxes; (ii) Taxes imposed on any Recipient that are attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with the requirements of paragraph (f), (g) or (h) of this Section 2.17; (iii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (x) such Lender acquires such interest in such Commitment (or, to the extent such Lender did not fund an applicable Loan pursuant to a prior Commitment, on the date on which such Lender acquires interest in such Loan), provided that this clause (x) shall not apply to a Lender that became a Lender pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19, or (y) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to this Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in such Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; and (iv) Taxes that are imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above), and any intergovernmental agreement (and any related fiscal or regulatory legislation, administrative rules or official practices implementing the foregoing (such Code provisions, agreements, regulations and interpretations, collectively, FATCA )). If applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of any applicable withholding agent) requires any Taxes not described in clauses (i) through (iv) of the preceding sentence Non-Excluded Taxes or any Other Taxes to be withheld by any applicable withholding agent from any amounts payable under any Loan Document, the amounts so payable by or on behalf of any Loan Party shall be increased to the extent necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings of Non- Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Lender (or, in the case of any amounts received by the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. (b) Without duplication of Section 2.17(a), the Loan Parties shall pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (c) Whenever any Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes are payable or remittable by a Loan Party, as soon as practicable thereafter the Loan Party shall send to the applicable Recipient the original or a certified copy of an original official receipt received by the Loan Party or other reasonably satisfactory evidence showing payment thereof. 

94 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (d) Without duplication of Section 2.17(a), the Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient for the full amount of Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes (including any Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this Section 2.17) payable by such Recipient, and any liability (including penalties, additions to Tax, interest and any reasonable expenses, in each case other than those arising from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of a Recipient as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Such indemnification shall be made within 10 days after the date the Recipient makes written demand therefor (which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the nature and amount of Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes for which indemnification is being sought). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Arranger or Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by a Loan Party or with respect to which a Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17, it shall pay such Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan Party under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such Recipient and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Loan Party, upon the request of such Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Party (plus interest attributable to the period during which the Loan Party held such funds and any penalties, additions to Tax, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to such Recipient in the event such Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This Section 2.17(e) shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. (f) Upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, a Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as applicable) as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent); provided that the completion, execution or submission of such documentation required under this Section 2.17(f) (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(g)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Lender shall deliver the forms and other documentation required to be provided under this Section 2.17: (i) on or before the date it becomes a party to this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration, inaccuracy, or invalidity of any form previously delivered by such Lender, and (iii) at such other times as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or as required by Law. Each Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide any documentation previously delivered to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding 95 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW anything in this Section 2.17 to the contrary, no Lender shall be required to provide any form or other documentation pursuant to this Section 2.17 that it is not legally eligible to provide. (g) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.17(f): (i) Each Lender that is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) two executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax. (ii) Each Lender that is not a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed copies of whichever of the following is applicable: (A) In the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to such tax treaty; (B) IRS Form W-8ECI; (C) In the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; (D) To the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, Form W-8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9 or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. (iii) If a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with its obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for the purpose of this Section 2.17(g)(iii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

96 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (h) If the Administrative Agent is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, then it shall, on or prior to the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent, provide the Borrower with a properly completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-9 confirming that the Administrative Agent is exempt from U.S. federal back-up withholding. If the Administrative Agent is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, then it shall, on or prior to the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent, provide the Borrower with, (i) with respect to payments made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable IRS Form W-8), and (ii) with respect to payments made to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender, a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-8IMY confirming that the Administrative Agent agrees to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal withholding Tax purposes. On or prior to the date on which it becomes an Arranger, such Arranger shall provide the Borrower with a properly completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-9 confirming that such Arranger is exempt from U.S. federal back-up withholding. The Administrative Agent and each of the Arrangers shall, (A) promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration, inaccuracy or invalidity of any form previously delivered by the Administrative Agent or an Arranger under this clause (h), and (B) at such other times as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or as required by Law, deliver promptly to the Borrower an updated form or other appropriate documentation (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the Borrower) or promptly notify the Borrower in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. Notwithstanding anything in this clause (h) to the contrary, no Administrative Agent or Arranger shall be required to provide any documentation pursuant to this clause (h) that such Administrative Agent or Arranger is unable to deliver as a result of a Change in Law after the date of this Agreement. (i) The agreements in this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. (j) For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender shall include any Issuing Bank. Section 2.18 Obligation to Mitigate. Each Lender agrees that, as promptly as practicable after the officer of such Lender responsible for administering its Loans becomes aware of the occurrence of an event or the existence of a condition that would cause such Lender to become an Affected Lender or that would entitle such Lender to receive payments or would require the Borrower to pay amounts under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, it will, to the extent not inconsistent with the internal policies of such Lender and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, use reasonable efforts to (a) make, issue, fund or maintain its Loans through another office of such Lender, or (b) take such other measures as such Lender may deem reasonable, if as a result thereof the circumstances which would cause such Lender to be an Affected Lender would cease to exist or the additional amounts which would otherwise be required to be paid to such Lender or by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 would be reduced and if, as determined by such Lender in its sole discretion, the making, funding or maintaining of such Loans through such other office or in accordance with such other measures, as the case may be, would not otherwise adversely affect such Loans or the interests of such Lender; provided that such Lender will not be obligated to utilize such other office or take such other measures pursuant to this Section 2.18 unless the Borrower agrees to pay all incremental expenses incurred by such Lender as a result of utilizing such other office or taking such other measures as described above. A certificate as to the amount of any such expenses payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.18 (setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount) submitted by such Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. For purposes of this Section 2.18, the term Lender shall include any Issuing Bank and the term Loan shall include any Letter of Credit. 97 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 2.19 Removal or Replacement of a Lender. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that: (a)(i) any Lender shall give notice to the Borrower that such Lender is an Affected Lender or that such Lender is entitled to receive payments or that the Borrower is required to make payments under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 (an Increased Cost Lender ), (ii) the circumstances which have caused such Lender to be an Affected Lender or which entitle such Lender to receive or the Borrower to make such payments shall remain in effect, and (iii) such Lender shall fail to withdraw such notice within five Business Days after the Borrower s request for such withdrawal; (b) in connection with any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any of the provisions hereof as contemplated by Section 9.1, the consent of Required Lenders shall have been obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Lenders (each a Non-Consenting Lender whose consent is required shall not have been obtained; or (c) if any Lender is a Non-Extending Lender under Section 2.21; then, with respect to each such Increased Cost Lender, Non-Consenting Lender or Non- Extending Lender (the Terminated Lender ), the Borrower may, by giving written notice to the Administrative Agent and any Terminated Lender of its election to do so, elect to cause such Terminated Lender (and such Terminated Lender hereby irrevocably agrees) to assign its outstanding Loans in full to one or more Persons permitted to become Lenders hereunder pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.6 (each a Replacement Lender and the Borrower shall pay the fees, if any, payable thereunder in connection with any such assignment from an Increased Cost Lender, a Non- Consenting Lender or a Non-Extending Lender; provided that, (A) on the date of such assignment, such Terminated Lender shall have received payment from the Replacement Lender or the Borrower in an amount equal to the sum of (1) the principal of, and all accrued interest on, all outstanding Loans of the Terminated Lender and (2) all accrued, but theretofore unpaid fees owing to such Terminated Lender pursuant to Section 2.8; (B) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15(c), 2.16 or 2.17, such assignment will result in a material reduction in such compensation and on the date of such assignment, the Borrower shall pay any amounts payable to such Terminated Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17; or otherwise as if it were a prepayment and (C) in the event such Terminated Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, each Replacement Lender shall consent, at the time of such assignment, to each matter in respect of which such Terminated Lender was a Non- Consenting Lender. Upon the prepayment of all amounts owing to any Terminated Lender, such Terminated Lender shall no longer constitute a Lender for purposes hereof; provided, any rights of such Terminated Lender to indemnification hereunder shall survive as to such Terminated Lender. Each Lender agrees that if the Borrower exercises its option hereunder to cause an assignment by such Lender as a Non- Consenting Lender or Terminated Lender, such Lender shall, promptly after receipt of written notice of such election, execute and deliver all documentation necessary to effectuate such assignment in accordance with Section 9.6; provided that each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this Section 2.19 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto, and each Lender hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver such documentation as may be required to give effect to an assignment in accordance with Section 9.6 on behalf of a Non-Consenting Lender or Terminated Lender and any such documentation so executed by the Administrative Agent shall be effective for purposes of documenting an assignment pursuant to Section 9.6. For purposes of this Section 2.19, the term Lender shall include any Issuing Bank and the term Loan shall include any Letter of Credit. Section 2.20 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: (a) commitment fees shall cease to accrue on the unused amount of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.8(a). 

98 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (b) the Commitment and Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders or any other requisite Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.1); provided that any amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby shall, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.1, require the consent of such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms hereof; Lender then: (c) if any LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting (i) all or any part of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than any portion of such LC Exposure attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements with respect to which such Defaulting Lender shall have funded its participation as contemplated by Sections 2.3(e) and 2.3(f)) shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares, but only to the extent that the sum of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure would not exceed the sum of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments; provided that no reallocation under this clause (i) shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non- Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation; (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Banks the portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (other than any portion thereof referred to in the parenthetical in such clause (i)) that has not been reallocated in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.3(i) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; (iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay participation fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.8(b) with respect to such portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure for so long as such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized; (iv) if any portion of the LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.8(a) and 2.8(b) shall be adjusted to give effect to such reallocation; and (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all participation fees payable under Section 2.8(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Banks (and allocated among them ratably based on the amount of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by each Issuing Bank) until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and (d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, unless, in each case, it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be fully covered by the 99 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.20(c), and participating interests in any such issued, amended or extended Letter of Credit will be allocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). In the event that (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall have occurred following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, such Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, unless such Issuing Bank shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or the applicable Lender satisfactory to such Issuing Bank to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Issuing Bank each agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Pro Rata Share; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided further that, except as otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from a Defaulting Lender to a Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Section 2.21 Extension of Stated Maturity Date. (a) Requests for Extension. The Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) not earlier than 120 days and not later than 30 days prior to each anniversary of the date of this Agreement (each such date, an Extension Date ), request that each Lender extend the then-current Stated Maturity Date (the Applicable Maturity Date to the date that is one year after the Applicable Maturity Date with respect to such Lender (such date that is one year after such Applicable Maturity Date, the Extended Maturity Date ). (b) Lender Elections to Extend. Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not later than the date that is 20 days after the date on which the Administrative Agent received the Borrower s extension request (the Lender Notice Date ), advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (each Lender that determines to so extend its Applicable Maturity Date, an Extending Lender ). Each Lender that determines not to so extend its Applicable Maturity Date (a Non-Extending Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Lender Notice Date), and any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Lender Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree, and it is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Borrower for extension of the Applicable Maturity Date. (c) Notification by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of each applicable Lender s determination under this Section no later than the date that is 10 days prior to the applicable Extension Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day). (d) Additional Commitment Lenders. The Borrower shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, on or before the Applicable Maturity Date for any Non-Extending Lender to replace such Non-Extending Lender with, and add as a Lender under this Agreement in place thereof, one or 

100 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW more financial institutions that are not Disqualified Institutions (each, an Additional Commitment Lender in accordance with and subject to the procedures of Section 2.19, including approval by the Administrative Agent, and provided that such Additional Commitment Lender has consented to the extension of the Applicable Maturity Date, each of which Additional Commitment Lenders shall have entered into an Assignment and Acceptance (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.6) with such Non-Extending Lender, pursuant to which, effective on or before the Applicable Maturity Date for such Non-Extending Lender, such Non-Extending Lender shall assign its Loans to such Additional Commitment Lender and such Additional Commitment Lender shall assume a Commitment (and, if any such Additional Commitment Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment so assumed shall be in addition to such Lender s existing Commitment). Prior to any Non-Extending Lender being replaced by one or more Additional Commitment Lenders pursuant hereto, such Non-Extending Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, by giving irrevocable notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (which notice shall set forth such Lender s Extended Maturity Date), to become an Extending Lender. The Administrative Agent may effect such amendments to this Agreement as are reasonably necessary to provide for any such extensions with the consent of the Borrower but without the consent of any other Lenders. (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) no more than one (1) extension of the Stated Maturity Date shall be permitted hereunder and (y) any extension of any Stated Maturity Date pursuant to this Section 2.21 shall not be effective with respect to any Lender unless: (i) No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the applicable Extension Date and immediately after giving effect thereto; (ii) the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof.; and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received an Officer s Certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying the accuracy of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii). (f) Maturity Date for Non-Extending Lenders. On the Applicable Maturity Date of each Non-Extending Lender, (i) to the extent of the Commitments of each Non-Extending Lender not assigned to the Additional Commitment Lenders, the Commitment of each Non-Extending Lender shall automatically terminate and (ii) the Borrower shall repay such Non-Extending Lender in accordance with Section 2.13 (and shall pay to such Non-Extending Lender all of the other Obligations owing to it under this Agreement) and after giving effect thereto shall prepay any Loans outstanding on such date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15(d)) to the extent necessary to keep outstanding Loans ratable with the Pro Rata Shares of the Lenders effective as of such date, and the Administrative Agent shall administer any necessary reallocation of the applicable Revolving Exposures (without regard to any minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and/or pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement). (g) Conflicting Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13, 2.14 or Section 9.1 to the contrary. 101 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES To induce the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans and to issue Letters of Credit, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that: Section 3.1 Financial Condition. The audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2020 and the audited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal period then ended, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender, in each case, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended. The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2020, and the unaudited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal period then ended, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender, in each case, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal period then ended. Such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the period involved (except as disclosed therein). Section 3.2 No Change. Since December 31, 2020, there has been no development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.3 Existence; Compliance with Law. Each Loan Party (a) is duly incorporated, organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing (if applicable) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, (b) has the organizational power and authority and all requisite Permits from Governmental Authorities to own and operate its Property, to lease the Property it leases as a lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other organization or body corporate and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction (if applicable) where its ownership, lease or operation of Property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification and (d) is in compliance with such Loan Party s Organizational Documents and all Requirements of Law, except, in the case of clause (a) above with respect to any Loan Party other than the Borrower, and in the cases of clauses (b), (c) and (d) above, to the extent that failure of the same could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.4 Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. (a) Each Loan Party has the requisite corporate or other organizational power and authority to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party. (b) Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party. (c) No material consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the borrowings hereunder, the granting of Liens pursuant to the Security Documents or the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except (i) those consents, authorizations, filings and notices that have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) the filings or other actions referred to in Section 3.19. (d) Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party that is a party thereto and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party that is a party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability 

102 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). Section 3.5 No Legal Bar. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not contravene, violate or result in a breach of or default under any Loan Party s Organizational Documents, the Existing Indentures, any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party, other than any violation that could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents). Section 3.6 No Material Litigation. No litigation, action, suit, claim, dispute, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against any Loan Party or against any of their respective properties or revenues that (i) could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) as of the Closing Date, purports to affect or pertain to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Section 3.7 No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. No Loan Party is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any Contractual Obligation that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.8 Ownership of Property; Liens. Each of the Loan Parties has title in fee simple or good and valid title, as the case may be, to, or a valid leasehold interest in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all its real or immoveable property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, or valid license of or other right to use, all its other Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, in each case except where the failure to have such title, interest, license or right could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and none of such Property is subject to any Lien except as permitted by Section 6.6. Section 3.9 IP Rights. Each of the Loan Parties owns, or is licensed or otherwise has the right to use, all IP Rights necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted except to the extent such failure could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any IP Rights by any Loan Party or the validity or effectiveness of any IP Rights, and the Borrower does not know of any valid basis for any such claim, in each case except to the extent that any such claim could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the use of IP Rights by the Loan Parties does not infringe on the IP Rights of any Person, except for such infringements which could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.10 Taxes. Each of the Loan Parties has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all Taxes due and payable by it (including in its capacity as a withholding agent) other than (a) any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Loan Party or (b) where the failure to make such filing, payment, deduction, withholding, collection or remittance could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect; and no Lien for Tax has been filed, other than a Permitted Lien, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, fee or other charge except, in each case, as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 103 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 3.11 Federal Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loans, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulations T, U or X. Section 3.12 Labor Matters. There are no strikes or other labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower threatened, that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from the Loan Parties on account of employee health and welfare insurance that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect if not paid have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant Loan Party. Section 3.13 ERISA. As of the date hereof, there are no Pension Plans or Multiemployer Plans. None of the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has had a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability under ERISA, except as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.14 Investment Company Act. No Loan Party is an investment company, or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Section 3.15 Subsidiaries. (a) The Persons listed on Schedule 3.15 constitute all the Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the Closing Date. Schedule 3.15 sets forth as of the Closing Date the name and jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of each Person listed therein and the percentage of each class of Capital Stock of such Person owned by the Borrower and each Subsidiary. (b) As of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments granted to any Person other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than directors qualifying shares or other similar shares required pursuant to applicable Law) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of any Subsidiary owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower; provided that, with respect to any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, its Capital Stock may be subject to customary rights of first refusal, tag-along, drag-along and other similar rights. Section 3.16 Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans shall be used for the purposes set forth in the recitals hereto. Section 3.17 Environmental Matters. Other than exceptions to any of the following that could not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect: (a) The Loan Parties and each of their respective facilities and operations: (i) are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) hold all Environmental Permits (each of which is in full force and effect) required for any of their current operations or for any property owned, leased, or otherwise operated by any of them; (iii) are in compliance with all of their Environmental Permits; (iv) have taken reasonable steps to ensure each of their Environmental Permits will be timely maintained, renewed and complied with; and (v) have no knowledge of any facts or circumstances upon which any such Environmental Permits could reasonably be expected to be adversely amended or revoked. (b) Hazardous Materials are not present at, on, under, in, or emanating from any property now or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of the Loan Parties, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, at any other location (including any location to which Hazardous Materials have been sent for reuse or recycling or for treatment, storage, or disposal) which could reasonably be expected to (i) give rise to liability of the Borrower or Loan Party under any applicable Environmental Law or otherwise result in costs to the Borrower or any Loan Party, or (ii) interfere with the Borrower s or any Loan Party s continued operations. 

104 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (c) There are no Environmental Claims to which the Borrower or any of the Loan Parties is, or to the knowledge of the Borrower will be, named as a party that is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened. To the knowledge of the Borrower, there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any such Environmental Claim. (d) None of the Borrower nor any Loan Party has received any written request for information, or been notified that it is a potentially responsible party or subject to liability under or relating to the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 or any other Environmental Law, or with respect to any Hazardous Materials, excluding any such matters that have been fully resolved with no further obligation or liability on the part of the Borrower or any Loan Party. (e) None of the Borrower nor any Loan Party has entered into or agreed to any consent decree, order, or settlement or other agreement, or is subject to any judgment, decree, or order or other agreement, in any judicial, administrative, arbitral or other form of dispute resolution, relating to compliance with or liability under any Environmental Law, excluding any such matters that have been fully resolved with no further obligation or possible liability on the part of the Borrower or any Loan Party. Section 3.18 Accuracy of Information, Etc. No statement or information contained in this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other document, certificate or written statement (other than any projections and information of a general economic or general industry nature) furnished to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders or any of them, by or on behalf of any Loan Party for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, when taken as a whole, contained as of the date such statement, information, document or certificate was so furnished (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. The projections and pro forma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. Section 3.19 Security Documents. Each of the Security Documents is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Common Representative for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof. In the case of (i) any Pledged Stock (as defined in the Security Agreement) which is in certificated form, when any stock, membership or partnership unit certificates representing such Pledged Stock are delivered to, and in the possession of, the Collateral Agent (or the Controlling Authorized Representative in accordance with the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement) and (ii) the other Collateral described in the Security Documents, when financing statements and other filings in appropriate form are filed or registered in the office specified on Schedule 3.19, the security interest created in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Common Representative for the benefit of the Secured Parties in such Pledged Stock and other Collateral shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Pledged Stock, other Collateral and the proceeds thereof, in which a security interest may be perfected by delivery to the Collateral Agent of such Pledged Stock or by filing a financing statement in the United States or other filing or registration in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction as security for the Obligations, in each case, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than Persons holding Liens or other encumbrances or rights that are permitted by this Agreement to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.6). 105 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 3.20 Solvency. As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to any Loans made on the Closing Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. Section 3.21 [Reserved]. Section 3.22 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions. (a) To the extent applicable, each of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects, and the operations of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects, with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (ii) the PATRIOT Act and (iii) the material applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Borrower and each such Restricted Subsidiary conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws ), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties party hereto, threatened. (b) No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in material violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ), or otherwise in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in material violation of any material applicable anti-corruption laws. None of the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary or any director or officer thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any employee, agent, Affiliate or representative thereof, has taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization or approval of the payment, giving or receipt of money, property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly, to any government official (including any officer or employee of a government or government- owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for public office) in order to influence official action, or to any Person in material violation of the FCPA or any material applicable anti-corruption laws. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with the FCPA and material applicable anti-corruption laws and have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve material compliance with such laws and with the representations and warranties contained in this clause (b). (c) None of the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any employee, agent, Affiliate or representative of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more Persons that are, (i) on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or (ii) subject to any sanctions administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions and the Borrower will not directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person (A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, in violation of Sanctions or (B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by the Borrower or any Restricted 

106 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Subsidiary. The Loan Parties have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve material compliance with applicable Sanctions. Section 3.23 Insurance. The properties of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party operates. Section 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT Section 4.1 Closing Date. The obligations of each Lender to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions precedent is satisfied (or waived): (a) Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of the Borrower (ii) the Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each Loan Party that is a party thereto and (iii) the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each Loan Party that is a party thereto. (b) Fees and Expenses. All fees due to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders on the Closing Date shall have been paid, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses to be paid or reimbursed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arrangers on the Closing Date that have been invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date shall have been paid (which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Loans). (c) Solvency Certificate. The Lenders shall have received a solvency certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit D, executed by a Responsible Officer (which shall be the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or other officer with equivalent duties) of the Borrower. (d) Lien Searches. The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of recent Uniform Commercial Code (or other applicable personal property financing statements), tax and judgment lien searches in each relevant jurisdiction reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to each of the Loan Parties. (e) Closing Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that (i) the Specified Representations are true and correct in all material respects on the Closing Date (unless such Specified Representations relate to an earlier date, in which case, such Specified Representations shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (ii) the Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations are true and correct in all material respects on the Closing Date and (iii) the Golar Acquisition has been consummated, or shall be consummated substantially concurrently, on the Closing Date, in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Golar Acquisition Agreement. (f) Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, (i) a legal opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate Meagher Flom LLP, New York counsel to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (which opinion shall include a non-contravention opinion with respect to material debt) dated the date hereof and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (ii) legal opinions of applicable local counsel to the Borrower or to the Administrative Agent (which opinions shall include a existence, good standing, execution and delivery, authorization and authority with respect to each Foreign Subsidiary that is a Loan Party as of the Closing Date) dated the date of the date hereof and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 107 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (g) Organizational Documents. A certificate of an Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) as to copies of the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto, (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the borrowings hereunder and the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, and (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith and (C) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document (in the case of the Borrower, including, without limitation, Funding Notices, and all other notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, together with evidence of the incumbency of such authorized officers. (h) Uniform Commercial Code Filings. Each Uniform Commercial Code financing statement required as of the Closing Date by the Security Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to be filed in order to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.6), shall have been filed, or shall have been delivered to the Collateral Agent in proper form for filing, or arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for such filing shall have been made. (i) PATRIOT Act; Beneficial Ownership. The Administrative Agent shall have received at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other information about the Borrower and the Guarantors required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act, that has been requested by the Administrative Agent in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. At least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have delivered a Beneficial Ownership Certification to any Lender that has requested such certification, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities and Industry and Financial Markets Association, in relation to the Borrower. (j) Financial Statements. The Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall have received (a) (i) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries for the three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 75 days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter (other than any fourth fiscal quarter) ended after the most recent audited financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (a)(i) above and at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date, (b)(i) audited combined balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Golar Target and its consolidated subsidiaries for the two most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) unaudited combined balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Golar Target and its consolidated subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter ended after the most recent audited financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (b)(i) above and at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date and (c) a pro forma consolidated balance sheet and related pro forma consolidated statement of income of the Borrower for the periods required by Regulation S-X under the Securities Act to the extent required to be included in a Form 8-K on the Closing Date, in each case prepared after giving effect to all contemplated Closing Date transactions as if such transactions had occurred. (k) Governmental and Third-Party Consents. All governmental and third-party consents and all equity holder and board of directors (or comparable entity management body) authorizations, in each case in respect of the Golar Acquisition, shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect, in each case to the extent that the failure of any such consents or authorizations to be 

108 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW obtained would give Borrower the right to terminate the Golar Acquisition Agreement or otherwise decline to consummate the Golar Acquisition. (l) Golar Acquisition. The Golar Acquisition has been consummated, or shall be consummated substantially concurrently, on the Closing Date, in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Golar Acquisition Agreement. Section 4.2 Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the on the occasion of any Borrowing (other than any Borrowing on the Closing Date), and of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit (other than on the Closing Date), is subject to receipt of the request therefor in accordance herewith and to the satisfaction of the following conditions: (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof. (b) No Default. No event shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the making of the Loans or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default. (c) Minimum Liquidity. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have Consolidated Liquidity in an aggregate amount not less than 100,000,000.00 (i) immediately prior to making of the Loans or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit and (ii) pro forma for the use of proceeds of such Loans. Each request with respect to a Borrowing or Letter of Credit shall include a reasonably detailed calculation of Consolidated Liquidity (i) immediately prior to the making of such Loans or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit and (ii) pro forma for the use of proceeds of such Loans. Each Borrowing (other than any initial Borrowing on the Closing Date, and provided that a conversion or a continuation of a Borrowing shall not constitute a Borrowing for purposes of this Section) and each issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit (other than a Letter of Credit issued or deemed issued on the Closing Date) shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. Section 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS The Borrower agrees that, so long as the Termination Conditions have not been satisfied, the Borrower shall and shall cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower to: Section 5.1 Financial Statements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender and each Issuing Bank and take the following actions: (a) within 90 days (or the successor time period then in effect under the Exchange Act for a non-accelerated filer plus any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous year, audited by Ernst Young LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing, together with a report and opinion by such certified public accountants, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than solely as a result of (a) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness or (b) 109 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant on a future date or in a future period); and (b) not later than 45 days (or the successor time period then in effect under the Exchange Act for a non-accelerated filer plus any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2021, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding period in the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes). (c) If the Borrower has designated any of its Subsidiaries as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, then the annual and quarterly information required by Section 5.1(a) and 5.1(b) shall include information (which need not be audited or reviewed by the Borrower s auditors) regarding such Unrestricted Subsidiaries substantially comparable to the financial information of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries presented in the Offering Memorandum; provided that no such information shall be required if such financial information is not material compared to the applicable financial information of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or if such Unrestricted Subsidiaries are not material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Financial statements, segment information and other information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.1, Section 5.2 or Section 5.7 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower, as applicable, posts such financial statements, segment information or other information, or provides a link thereto, on the website of the Borrower, as applicable; (ii) on which such financial statements, segment information or other information is posted on behalf of the Borrower on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial or third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); or (iii) to the extent such financial statements, segment information or other information are set forth in the Borrower s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC, on which date such documents are filed for public availability on the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System; provided that except in the case of clause (iii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by facsimile or electronic mail of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent electronic versions of such documents. Section 5.2 Certificates; Other Information. Furnish to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender and each Issuing Bank: (a) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1, a Compliance Certificate of the Borrower (the first such Compliance Certificate to be delivered for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2021) as of the last day of the fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower, as the case may be; (b) no later than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, a consolidated budget for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the following fiscal year (including a consolidated statement of projected results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of the following fiscal year presented on a quarterly basis); (c) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b), a narrative discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries, in each case, for such fiscal quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter; and 

110 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (d) promptly, from time to time, such other customary information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and their compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, in each case, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (for itself or on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank). The Borrower hereby acknowledges that certain of the Lenders may be Public Lenders and, if documents or notices required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 or this Section 5.2 or otherwise are being distributed through IntraLinks/IntraAgency, SyndTrak or another relevant website or other information platform (the Platform ), any document or notice that the Borrower has not clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC shall not be posted on that portion of the Platform designated for such Public Lenders. The Borrower agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to clearly designate all information provided to the Administrative Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower which is suitable to make available to Public Lenders. If the Borrower has not indicated whether a document or notice delivered pursuant to this paragraph contains Non-Public Information, the Administrative Agent reserves the right to post such document or notice solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Lenders who wish to receive Non- Public Information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their securities Private Side Information ). Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected to receive Private Side Information in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities laws, to make reference to communications that are not made through the Public portion of the Platform and that may contain Non-Public Information. Section 5.3 Payment of Taxes. Pay, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, all Taxes required to be paid except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or (b) the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Law. (a)(i) Except as otherwise permitted by Section 6.9, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and good standing in its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by Section 6.4 or 6.9 or, other than with respect to the organizational existence of the Borrower, to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (b) comply with all Requirements of Law, except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (a) Keep all real and tangible Property and systems used, useful, or necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. Section 5.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions. (a) Keep proper books of records and account in which entries which are full, true and correct, in all material respects, in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities, (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, participate in a meeting or conference call with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders once during each fiscal quarter 111 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (provided that the requirements of this clause (b) shall be satisfied by the Borrower providing the Lenders with access to any earnings call for such fiscal quarter with the holders of the Capital Stock of the Borrower) and (c) permit representatives of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time during normal business hours and as often as may reasonably be desired (but the Administrative Agent may not have more than one visit per any twelve month period except during an Event of Default), upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower, and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Borrower and the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries with officers and employees of the Borrower and the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries and with their independent certified public accountants (and the Borrower will be given the opportunity to participate in any such discussions with such independent certified accountants). So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such inspection, the Borrower shall not bear the cost of more than one such inspection per calendar year by the Administrative Agent (or its representatives); provided that in any event, no more than two such inspections shall be conducted in any calendar year if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.6, none of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or its representatives) is prohibited by any Requirement of Law or any binding agreement (provided that, with respect to any prohibition by any binding agreement, the Borrower shall attempt to obtain consent to such disclosure if requested by the Administrative Agent) or (iii) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. Section 5.7 Notices. Promptly after obtaining knowledge of the same, give notice to the Administrative Agent of: (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; (b) any dispute, claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding (i) affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; and (c) any other development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Each notice pursuant to this Section 5.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto. Section 5.8 Environmental Laws. (a) Except in each case to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, comply with, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure compliance by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws, and obtain and comply with and maintain, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply with and maintain, any and all material Environmental Permits. (b) Except in each case to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, conduct and complete all investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other similar actions required by any Governmental Authority under Environmental Laws, and promptly comply with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws. 

112 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 5.9 Plan Compliance. Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, establish, maintain and operate any and all Pension Plans, Multiemployer Plans and Foreign Employee Benefit Plans (other than government- sponsored plans) in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable thereto and the respective requirements of the governing documents for such plans to the extent the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has the authority to establish, maintain and operate such plans. Section 5.10 Additional Guarantors; Additional Collateral, Collateral Limitations. (a) Subject to Section 5.12, the Borrower shall cause each of its Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries (other than (a) the Guarantors, (b) any Qualified Liquefaction Development Entities, (c) any Receivables Subsidiaries, (d) any Immaterial Subsidiaries, (e) any Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, (f) not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiary and (g) any Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee by it of the Obligations would result in material adverse tax consequences to any Loan Party, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in writing) to, within 60 days (subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent) of the later of (i) such Subsidiary becoming a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) the Borrower determining such Subsidiary ceased to meet any of the exceptions set forth in the preceding parenthetical, execute and deliver (A) a Joinder Agreement, (B) a joinder to the Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A thereto, (C) an acknowledgment to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Annex A thereto, (D) subject to the applicable limitations set forth in this Section 5.10, Security Documents in respect of the Collateral in the relevant jurisdictions outside of the United States, or, with respect to Single Lien Collateral (defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement), new agreements, or amendments, amendments and restatements, supplements or other modifications to Single Lien Security Documents (as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement) in respect of such Single Lien Collateral, (E) a perfection certificate for such Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary substantially in the form of the Perfection Certificate delivered on the Closing Date, and (F) all filings and other documents required by such Security Documents (including any Single Lien Security Documents) to create or perfect (to the extent required by such Security Documents) the security interests for the benefit of the Secured Parties in the Collateral of such Wholly- Owned Restricted Subsidiary. The Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to cause any Subsidiary that is not otherwise required to be a Guarantor to become a Guarantor (and no 60-day period described in the foregoing sentence shall apply to such Subsidiary). (b) From and after the Closing Date, and subject to the applicable time periods, limitations and exceptions set forth in the Security Documents and this Agreement (including the limitations and exceptions in this Section 5.10), if the Borrower or any Guarantor acquires any Property or asset that would constitute Collateral (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include any Excluded Assets), the Borrower or such Guarantor must grant a first-priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) upon any such Collateral, as security for the Obligations within 90 days of such acquisition (subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent). (c) Subject to the applicable terms of the Security Documents and any Intercreditor Agreements, within 90 days after the acquisition by any Loan Party of any Material Real Estate Asset (or within 90 days after the acquisition of a Person that becomes a Loan Party and that owns any Material Real Estate Asset) (in each case, other than any Excluded Asset) (or as soon as practicable thereafter using commercially reasonable efforts, but subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent), the Borrower shall cause such Loan Party to (i) execute, deliver and record a Mortgage with respect thereto, (ii) deliver a fully paid extended coverage policy or policies of title insurance (or executed proforma therefor) from a national title insurance company with respect to such Material Real Estate Asset in an amount not to exceed 100.0 of the Fair Market Value of the such Material Real Estate Asset, as reasonably 113 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW determined by the Borrower, naming the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties as the insured, insuring such Mortgage to be a valid first priority Lien on the real property described therein, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens and containing reasonable and customary endorsements (each, a Title Policy ), (iii) deliver legal opinions of local counsel or Borrower s counsel with respect to enforceability of such Mortgage and other customary matters; (iv) deliver an existing or new ALTA survey of such Material Real Estate Asset or with such affidavits as shall be sufficient for the title insurance company to delete the standard survey exception in the applicable Title Policy; and (v) deliver an updated perfection certificate; it being understood and agreed that with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset owned by any Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Guarantor under this Agreement, such Material Real Estate Asset shall be deemed to have been acquired by such Restricted Subsidiary on the first day of the time period within which such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Guarantor under this Agreement. (d) Subject to the applicable terms of the Security Documents and any Intercreditor Agreements, and to the extent not otherwise constituting Excluded Assets, after the acquisition by any Loan Party of any tanker or other marine vessel with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million, the Borrower, as soon as practicable thereafter using commercially reasonable efforts, shall cause such Loan Party to (i) execute, deliver and record a Ship Mortgage with respect thereto; (ii) deliver customary legal opinions of admiralty counsel; and (iii) deliver an updated perfection certificate; it being understood and agreed that with respect to any tanker or other marine vessel with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million owned by any Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Guarantor under this Agreement, such tanker or other marine vessel shall be deemed to have been acquired by such Restricted Subsidiary on the first day of the time period within which such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Guarantor under this Agreement. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the extent that the Lien on any Collateral is not or cannot be created and/or perfected on the Closing Date (other than (a) by the execution and delivery of the Security Agreement by the Borrower and the Guarantors and (b) a Lien on Collateral that is of the type that may be perfected by the filing of a financing statement in the United States under the UCC), the Borrower shall take all necessary actions to create and/or perfect such Lien pursuant to arrangements to be mutually agreed between the Borrower and the Collateral Agent acting reasonably, including those Post-Closing Actions set forth on Schedule 5.12. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, it is understood and agreed that: (i) the Collateral Agent may waive or grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining Mortgages, policies of title insurance, legal opinions, surveys, appraisals or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Guarantee by any Restricted Subsidiary; (ii) (1) perfection by control shall not be required with respect to assets requiring perfection through control agreements or other control arrangements, including (other than Deposit Accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts (other thanas specified in Section 5.18, and control or possession of pledged Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) that constitute Collateral) and (2) no blocked account agreement, deposit account control agreement or similar agreement shall be required for any Deposit Account, securities account or commodities account; (iii) the Collateral Agent will only be authorized to take actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction to create security interests in assets located or titled outside of the U.S. or to perfect or make enforceable any security interests in any such assets as follows: 

114 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (1) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Barbados as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares and debentures under the Laws of Barbados and any customary filings associated therewith; (2) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Bermuda as of the Closing Date, a share charge under the Laws of Bermuda and any customary filings associated therewith; (3) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Ireland as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares under the laws of Ireland and any customary filings associated therewith; (4) with respect to Equity Interests and Collateral located in Jamaica as of the Closing Date, (i) a debenture creating charges over Collateral, (ii) four share charges by a Barbadian parent over shares in four Jamaican subsidiaries, (iii) a share charge by a United States parent over shares in a Jamaican subsidiary and (iv) two mortgages over certain real property interests under the Laws of Jamaica (and Barbados, as applicable, with respect to the charge over shares), and any customary filings associated therewith; (5) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Mexico as of the Closing Date, equity interests pledge agreements and non-possessory pledge agreements under the Laws of Mexico, and any customary filings associated therewith; (6) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in The Netherlands as of the Closing Date, a pledge of shares and pledge on receivables and accounts under the Laws of The Netherlands, and any customary filings associated therewith; (7) with respect to Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Nicaragua as of the Closing Date, movable pledge over a Power Purchase Agreement under the laws of Nicaragua, and any customary filings associated therewith; (8) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Puerto Rico as of the Closing Date, a filing of the applicable financing statement before the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico Department of State s Secured Transactions Registry and any customary filings associated therewith; (9) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors incorporated in England and Wales as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares and debentures under the Laws of England and Wales and any customary filings associated therewith; and (10) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Foreign Subsidiaries that become Guarantors after the Closing Date, only such share pledges, debentures and similar instruments as are substantially consistent with those described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (9), as applicable. (f) No actions shall be required to perfect a security interest in (1) any vehicle, tanker, marine vessel, ISO container or other asset subject to a certificate of title, other than tankers or other marine vessels with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million, (2) letter- of-credit rights not constituting supporting obligations of other Collateral, (3) the Equity Interests of any Immaterial Subsidiary not constituting Collateral, (4) the Equity Interests of any Person that is not a Subsidiary or (5) commercial tort claims with a value of less than 40.0 million, except in the case of each of clauses (1) through (5), perfection actions limited solely to the filing of a UCC financing statement. (g) Subject to Section 5.12, the Borrower shall cause each Subsidiary (other than any Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiaries and any Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee by it of the Obligations would result in material adverse tax consequences to any Loan Party, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent and 115 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW the Collateral Agent in writing) that is a guarantor or other obligor under any Existing Indenture and any other Equal Priority Obligations to become a Guarantor under this Agreement and satisfy the requirements of this Section 5.10, and the Borrower shall, and shall cause each Guarantor to, grant a first-priority perfected security interest upon any Property (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any real property, tankers and other marine vessels, but excluding any cash or Cash Equivalents) that constitutes collateral under any Existing Indenture and any other Equal Priority Obligations and satisfy the requirements of this Section 5.10 with regards to such Property, in each case substantially concurrently with (and in no event later than 90 days of) such Subsidiary becoming a guarantor under any Existing Indenture or any other Equal Priority Obligation and such Property becoming collateral under any Existing Indenture or any other Equal Priority Obligation (subject to extensions as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent); provided that the requirement of this Section 5.10(g) to grant a first-priority perfected security interest in Property constituting collateral under any Existing Indenture or any other Equal Priority Obligation shall not apply to Property consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents. that is an Excluded Asset; provided further that in the event that the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower grants a security interest upon any property or assets and/or Equity Interests of NFE Brazil Investments LLC NFE Brazil ), any direct or indirect Subsidiary of NFE Brazil, or any property or assets owned by any of the foregoing and/or any other entities organized or doing business in Brazil, in each case, as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date and thereafter (the Brazilian Assets in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions (whether or not the Brazilian Assets are then owned by any Unrestricted Subsidiary and notwithstanding any exclusions from the collateral and guarantee requirements in the Loan Documents with respect to Unrestricted Subsidiaries), the Borrower shall or shall cause the owner of such Brazilian Assets to take all actions necessary to vest in the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected second-priority Lien in such Brazilian Assets as security for the Obligations, subject to an intercreditor agreement with the holders of the Indebtedness under the 2024 Financing Transactions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Upon the granting of such Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Brazilian Assets shall be excluded from the definition of Excluded Assets and shall be deemed to be Collateral for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Loan Parties shall take all actions as required pursuant to Section 5.10 hereof to create, maintain, preserve, perfect or renew such Lien, including but not limited to promptly delivering local law pledges and perfection documentation, in each case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, in respect of any pledge or grant of a Lien upon the Brazilian Assets (including, without limitation, opinions of local counsel, organizational documents, and certificated equities, if applicable). Section 5.11 Further Assurances. From time to time execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional instruments, certificates or documents, and take such actions, as the Collateral Agent may, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, reasonably request for the purposes of more fully creating, maintaining, preserving, perfecting or renewing the Liens granted in favor of (together with the other rights of) the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral (or with respect to any additions thereto or replacements or proceeds thereof or with respect to any other property or assets hereafter acquired by any Loan Party which are required to become part of the Collateral pursuant to Section 5.10) pursuant hereto or thereto. Upon the exercise by the Collateral Agent of any power, right, privilege or remedy pursuant to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Secured Cash Management Agreement which requires any consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization of any Governmental Authority, the Borrower will execute and deliver, or will cause the execution and delivery of, all applications, certifications, instruments and other documents and papers that the Collateral Agent may be reasonably required to obtain from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such governmental consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization. Section 5.12 Post-Closing Covenants. The Borrower shall, and shall cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to, take the actions set forth on Schedule 5.12 (the Post-Closing Actions within the time periods specified therein (it being understood that the Borrower and its subsidiaries shall not be 

116 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW required to enter into any Loan Documents governed by the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States until the date that is at least 90 days after the Closing Date (subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent, in each case as applicable)). Section 5.13 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Loans only for those purposes set forth in Section 3.16. Section 5.14 Commodity Exchange Act Keepwell Provisions. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party in order for such other Loan Party to honor its obligations under the Guarantee with respect to Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 5.14 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 5.14, or otherwise under this Agreement or any Loan Document, as it relates to such other Loan Parties, voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 5.14 shall remain in full force and effect until the Termination Conditions are satisfied. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 5.14 constitute, and this Section 5.14 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Section 5.15 Lender Meetings. Within 15 Business Days of each required delivery of financial statements referred to in Section 5.1(a) and Section 5.1(b), beginning with the delivery for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, the Borrower shall participate in a meeting of the Administrative Agent and Lenders to be held via a conference call or other teleconference at such times as may be reasonably agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Section 5.16 Lender Advisor. The Borrower consents to and shall promptly (and in any event, within five (5) Business Days of written request from the Administrative Agent) pay all documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of any financial advisor retained by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent (the Lender Advisor provided that the fees and expenses paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.16 shall not exceed 3,500,000 in the aggregate; provided, however, that if the 2024 Financing Transactions are not consummated on or prior to October 26, 2024, the fees and expenses paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.16 shall not exceed 6,500,000 in the aggregate. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall promptly cooperate with the Administrative Agent and the Lender Advisor upon written request with respect to reasonable requests for due diligence, access to management, and financial, operating, and other information, including, without limitation, relating to deliverables, documentation, and other reporting and/or updates related to the occurrence of the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event and its liquidity. Section 5.17 13-Week Forecasts. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lender Advisor, for prompt distribution to the Lenders, beginning on October 10, 2024, and bi-weekly on every other Thursday thereafter until June 30, 2025 (each such two-week period, a Forecasting Period ), (a) a weekly cash flow forecast covering the 13-week period following the end of each Forecasting Period (the 13-Week Forecast ), which 13-Week Forecast and any amendments thereto shall reflect, for the periods covered thereby, projected weekly disbursements, cash receipts, and ending cash for each week covered by the 13-Week Forecast on a line item basis in form reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (b) a variance report for the Forecasting Period with a narrative description of any material variances on a line item basis and setting forth on a line-item basis the aggregate amount of payments made and receipts received during such period, each along with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the effect that such 13-Week Forecast reflects the Borrower s good faith projection of all weekly cash receipts and disbursements and ending balance of 117 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW available cash (as of the last Business Day of each week). The 13-Week Forecast shall be in form and scope reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Additionally, concurrently with the delivery of any cashflow reporting pursuant to documentation governing any Secured Notes Obligations (or pursuant to documentation related to any refinancing, replacement, or exchange thereof), the Borrower shall furnish such cashflow reporting to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Section 5.18 Control Agreements. (a) Within five (5) Business Days of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a schedule setting forth each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (including any Excluded Accounts) of each Loan Party existing as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date and identifying the status of each such account as an Excluded Account or not an Excluded Account, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as being true, accurate, and complete as of the date of such delivery and confirming that no additional Deposit Account(s), securities account(s), or commodities account(s) have been opened since the Eighth Amendment Effective Date. (b) With respect to each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts) of each Loan Party existing as of the schedule delivered pursuant to Section 5.18(a), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, the Borrower shall within sixty (60) days of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date (which date may be extended by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion), deliver a Control Agreement to the Common Representative for each such Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts) of each Loan Party, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Subject to the first sentence of this Section 5.18(b), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, at all times, each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts) established and/or maintained by each Loan Party must be subject to a Control Agreement except as otherwise agreed by the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion. (c) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby grants a security interest to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in all any cash or Cash Equivalents, Deposit Account, commodities account or securities account (including securities entitlements and related assets, to secure the Obligations, and the foregoing shall constitute Collateral, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document. Section 5.19 2024 Financing Transactions. The Borrower shall have consummated the 2024 Financing Transactions on or prior to November 14, 2024. Section 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS The Borrower agrees that, so long as the Termination Conditions are not satisfied: Section 6.1 Limitation on Restricted Payments. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to: (i) declare or pay any dividend or make any payment or distribution on account of the Borrower s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries Equity Interests (in each case, solely to a holder of Equity Interests in such Person s capacity as a holder of such Equity Interests), including any dividend or distribution payable in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation other than: 

118 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (A) dividends, payments or distributions by the Borrower payable solely in Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or in options, warrants or other rights to purchase Qualified Capital Stock; or (B) dividends, payments or distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any dividend, payment or distribution payable on or in respect of any class or series of securities issued by a Restricted Subsidiary other than a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata share of such dividend, payment or distribution in accordance with its Equity Interests in such class or series of securities; (ii) redeem, purchase, repurchase, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of the Borrower, including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation, in each case, held by a Person other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; (iii) make any principal payment on, or redeem, purchase, repurchase, defease, discharge or otherwise acquire or retire for value, in each case, prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, any Subordinated Indebtedness (such payment and other actions described in the foregoing (subject to the exceptions in clauses (A) and (B) below), Restricted Debt Payments ), other than: (A) Indebtedness permitted to be incurred or issued under Section 6.3(b)(iii); or (B) the prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or acquisition or retirement; or (iv) make any Restricted Investment, (all such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above (other than any exceptions thereto) being collectively referred to as Restricted Payments ), unless, at the time of such Restricted Payment: (1) in the case of a Restricted Payment under any of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above (other than with respect to amounts attributable to subclauses (A) and (C) through (H) of clause (2) below), no Event of Default described under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof; and (2) such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Issue Date pursuant to this clause (2), is less than the sum of (without duplication): (A) 75.0 million; plus (B) 50.0 of the cumulative Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower for each fiscal quarter (if greater than zero for such quarter) commencing on July 1, 2020 to the end of the most recent Test Period; plus (C) the sum of (x) the amount of any cash capital contribution to the common equity capital of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, plus (y) the cash proceeds received by the Borrower from any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock (including Treasury Capital Stock, and other than any Designated Preferred Stock or Refunding Capital Stock) of the Borrower after the Issue Date, plus (z) the Fair Market Value of Cash 119 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Equivalents, marketable securities or other property received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a capital contribution to the common equity capital of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, or that becomes part of the common equity capital of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of any consolidation, merger or similar transaction with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (in each case, other than any amount (A) constituting an Excluded Contribution, (B) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) consisting of any loan or advance made pursuant to clause (h)(i) of the definition of Permitted Investments received as cash equity by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (D) used to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ii)(2) or (xxix)(1), in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time or (E) used to incur Indebtedness or issue Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xviii)); plus (D) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from the incurrence after the Issue Date of any Indebtedness or from the issuance after the Issue Date of any Disqualified Stock, in each case, of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness owed or Disqualified Stock issued to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) that has been converted into or exchanged for Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time; plus (E) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time in connection with the disposition to any Person (other than the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of any Investment made pursuant to this clause (2); plus (F) to the extent not already reflected as a Return with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, the proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time in connection with cash Returns and similar cash amounts, including cash principal repayments of loans, in each case received in respect of any Investment made after the Issue Date pursuant to this clause (2); plus (G) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (2) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (equal to the lesser of (1) the Fair Market Value of the Investment of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation or merger, consolidation or amalgamation and (2) the Fair Market Value of the original Investments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of original Investments made in cash, the Fair Market Value thereof shall be such cash value), (B) the Fair Market Value of the assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made after the Issue Date pursuant to this clause (2) and (C) the Net Proceeds of any disposition of any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including the issuance or sale of the Equity Interests thereof) received by the 

120 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time; plus (H) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA and without duplication of any dividends, distributions or other Returns or similar amounts included in the calculation of any basket or other provision of this Agreement (and other than any amount that has previously been applied as an Excluded Contribution), dividends, distributions or other Returns received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from an Unrestricted Subsidiary or joint ventures or Investments in entities that are not Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that, for the avoidance of duplication, any item or amount that increases the amount of Excluded Contributions shall not also increase the amount available under this clause (2). (b) Section 6.1(a) shall not prohibit any of the following: (i) [Reserved]; (ii) any payments by the Borrower to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member thereof) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of the foregoing (or any options, warrants, profits interests, restricted stock units or equity appreciation rights or other equity-linked interests issued with respect to any of such Equity Interests), in each case pursuant to any management, director, employee, consultant and/or advisor equity plan or equity option plan, equity appreciation rights plan, or any other management, director, employee, consultant and/or advisor benefit plan or agreement or any equity subscription or equityholder agreement, any employment termination agreement or any other employment agreement or equityholders or similar agreement: (1) with cash and Cash Equivalents (and including, to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, amounts paid in respect of Indebtedness issued to evidence any obligation to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Equity Interests of the Borrower held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of the foregoing), including any Equity Interests rolled over by management, directors, employees or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any corporate transaction; provided that the aggregate amount of all such Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (ii)(1) in any fiscal year shall not exceed the greater of 35.0 million and 10.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, which, if not used in such fiscal year, may be carried forward to succeeding fiscal years; (2) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of the Equity Interests of the Borrower (to the extent such proceeds have not otherwise been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments by virtue of clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or are not an Excluded Contribution); (3) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policy; or (4) the amount of any cash bonuses otherwise payable to future, present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are foregone in exchange for the receipt of Equity 121 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Interests of the Borrower pursuant to any compensation arrangement, including any deferred compensation plan; provided further, that cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any future, present or former employees, directors, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Section 6.1 or any other provision of this Agreement; (iii) Restricted Payments that are made (1) in an amount that does not exceed the aggregate amount of Excluded Contributions received following the Issue Date and (2) without duplication of clause (1), in an amount that does not exceed the aggregate net cash proceeds from any sale, conveyance, transfer or disposition of, or distribution in respect of, Investments acquired after the Issue Date, to the extent the acquisition of such Investments was financed in reliance on clause (1); (iv) Restricted Payments (1) to make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares or interests in connection with any share dividend, share split or share combination or any acquisition or Investment (or other similar transaction) or the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (2) consisting of (A) repurchases of Equity Interests in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible with or exchangeable for Equity Interests or upon the vesting of any profits interests, restricted stock units or similar incentive interests, and (B) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable by any future, present or former officer, director, employee, member of management, manager, member, partner, independent contractor and/or consultant (or any of their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or in lieu of repurchases described in the foregoing clause (A); (v) repurchases of Equity Interests upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests or upon the vesting of any profits interests, restricted stock units or similar incentive interests, in each case if such Equity Interests represent all or a portion of the exercise price of such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests as part of a cashless exercise upon such exercise or vesting, as applicable; (vi) [reserved]; (vii) the declaration and payment of regular quarterly dividends or distributions, including the initial dividend or distribution following the Closing Date, to holders of the Borrower s common equity, in each case to the extent approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower in good faith prior to September 1, 2024; (viii) (1) Restricted Payments to (A) redeem, repurchase, retire, defease, discharge or otherwise acquire any Equity Interests Treasury Capital Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, including any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of a sale or issuance (other than to the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower that is made within 120 days of such sale or issuance to the extent any such proceeds are received by or contributed to the capital of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock after the Issue Date Refunding Capital Stock and (B) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the 

122 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW proceeds of such sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock or (2) if immediately prior to the retirement of Treasury Capital Stock, the declaration and payment of dividends thereon was permitted under Section 6.1(b)(xvii), the declaration and payment of dividends on the Refunding Capital Stock in an aggregate amount per fiscal year no greater than the aggregate amount of dividends per annum that were declarable and payable on such Treasury Capital Stock immediately prior to such retirement; (ix) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the making or consummation of any Asset Sale or Disposition not constituting an Asset Sale pursuant to the exclusions from the definition thereof or transaction in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.5(b) (other than pursuant to clause (iv) of such paragraph); (x) so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) then exists or would result therefrom, additional Restricted Payments; provided that the aggregate amount of all such Restricted Payments made and then outstanding pursuant to this clause (x) shall not exceed the greater of 100.0 million and 25.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xi) so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) then exists or would result therefrom, additional Restricted Payments so long as the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis at the time of the determination thereof, would not exceed 2.00 to 1.00; (xii) the distribution, by dividend or otherwise, or other transfer or disposition of Equity Interests of, or Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (or any Restricted Subsidiary that owns one or more Unrestricted Subsidiaries and no other material assets), other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries the primary assets of which are cash and Cash Equivalents; (xiii) payments or distributions (1) to satisfy dissenters or appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto (including any accrued interest), (2) made in connection with working capital adjustments or purchase price adjustments or (3) made in connection with the satisfaction of indemnity and other similar obligations, in each case pursuant to or in connection with any acquisition, other Investment, disposition or consolidation, amalgamation, merger or transfer of assets that is not prohibited under this Agreement; (xiv) Restricted Payments constituting fixed dividend payments in respect of Disqualified Stock incurred in accordance with Section 6.3 to the extent such Restricted Payments are included in the calculation of Fixed Charges; (xv) the declaration and payment of regular dividends or distributions to holders of Golar Target s Preferred Stock for so long as such Preferred Stock is outstanding, provided that the amount of such dividends or distributions are not increased from the amounts of such dividends or distributions in effect on the Closing Date; (xvi) [Reserved]; (xvii) Restricted Payments consisting of (1) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued by the Borrower after the Issue Date, (2) the declaration and payment of dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock in excess of the dividends declarable and payable thereon pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(viii); provided, however, that, in the case of each of sub-clause (1) and sub-clause (2) of this clause (xvii), 123 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW at the date of issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock or the declaration of such dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock, after giving effect to such issuance or declaration on a pro forma basis, the Borrower would have had a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 2.00 to 1.00; (xviii) [Reserved]; (xix) distributions or payments of Receivables Fees and purchases of receivables in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing or any repurchase obligation in connection therewith; (xx) (1) payments made to optionholders or holders of phantom equity or profits interests of the Borrower in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution made to stockholders of the Borrower (to the extent such distribution is otherwise permitted under this Agreement), which payments are being made to compensate such optionholders or holders of phantom equity or profits interests as though they were stockholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution (it being understood that no such payment may be made to an optionholder or holder of phantom equity or profits interests pursuant to this clause (xx) to the extent such payment would not have been permitted to be made to such optionholder or holder of phantom equity or profits interests if it were a stockholder pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.1) and (2) Restricted Payments to pay for the redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Equity Interests of the Borrower for nominal value, from a former investor of an acquired business or a present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of an acquired business, which Equity Interests were issued as part of an earn-out or similar arrangement in the acquisition of such business, and which repurchase relates to the failure of such earn-out to fully vest; (xxi) [Reserved]; (xxii) the making of any Restricted Payment within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof or the giving of irrevocable notice thereof, as applicable, if, at such date of declaration or the giving of such notice, such payment would have been permitted by any of the other clauses in this Section 6.1 (and any Restricted Payment made in reliance on this clause (xxii) shall also be deemed to have been made under such applicable clause, except for the purpose of testing the permissibility of such Restricted Payment on the date it is actually made); (xxiii) the prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or other acquisition or retirement of any Subordinated Indebtedness (1) in accordance with provisions similar to those set forth in Sections 4.10 and 4.14 of the Existing Indentures or (2) after completion of an Asset Sale Offer or Advance Offer, as applicable, from any Declined Proceeds (as each term is defined in the Existing Indentures); (xxiv) [Reserved]; (xxv) Restricted Debt Payments made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.3; (xxvi) any Restricted Debt Payments made as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment; (xxvii) [Reserved]; (xxviii) [Reserved]; 

124 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (xxix) (1) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower and/or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (in each case, other than to or by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), (2) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Subordinated Indebtedness into Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower and (3) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in-kind interest with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness that is permitted under Section 6.3; (xxx) [Reserved]; (xxxi) Restricted Debt Payments with respect to Subordinated Indebtedness assumed pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xv) (other than any such Subordinated Indebtedness incurred (x) to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or (y) otherwise in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition), so long as such Restricted Debt Payment is made or deposited with a trustee or other similar representative of the holders of such Subordinated Indebtedness contemporaneously with, or substantially simultaneously with, the closing of the transaction under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is assumed; and (xxxii) any mandatory redemption, repurchase, retirement, termination or cancellation of Disqualified Stock (to the extent treated as Indebtedness outstanding and/or incurred in compliance with Section 6.3). The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) will be the Fair Market Value on the relevant date of determination, in the case of a Subject Transaction, or the date of the Restricted Payment of the assets or securities proposed to be transferred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to the Restricted Payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, no Restricted Payment may be made using proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole. (c) As of the Closing Date, NFE South Power Holdings Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Jamaica, and each of its Subsidiaries will be Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and all of the Borrower s other Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to become a Restricted Subsidiary except pursuant to the second and third paragraphs of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary . Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement and will not guarantee the Obligations. (d) Unrestricted Subsidiaries may use value transferred from the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.1 or in a Permitted Investment to purchase or otherwise acquire Indebtedness or Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries, and to transfer value to the holders of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to Affiliates thereof, and such purchase, acquisition, or transfer will not be deemed to be a direct or indirect action by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries. (e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (for the avoidance of doubt, subject to Permitted Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.6(d)) the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of a Sale and Lease-back Transaction), contribution, dividend or other investment of (i) any assets that constitute Material Intellectual Property, FLNG1 Assets, FLNG2 Assets or any Reinvested Assets other than Immaterial FLNG1 Maintenance Transactions or Immaterial FLNG2 Maintenance Transactions or (ii) any Equity Interests in any FLNG1 Subsidiaries, any FLNG2 Subsidiaries or any 125 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Subsidiaries that own or exclusively license Material Intellectual Property to any entity other than a Wholly- Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor satisfies the requirements of Section 5.10. Each FLNG1 Subsidiary and FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be, directly or indirectly, 100 owned by the Borrower. Section 6.2 Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause to become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to: (i) (1) pay dividends or make any other distributions to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor on its Equity Interests or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits, or (2) pay any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor; (ii) make loans or advances to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor; or (iii) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor. (b) The restrictions in Section 6.2(a) shall not apply to encumbrances or restrictions: (i) set forth in any agreement evidencing or governing (1) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.3 and any corresponding Organizational Documents of any such Restricted Subsidiary structured as a special purpose entity incurring such Indebtedness, (2) Secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Sections 6.3 and 6.6 if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or the assets intended to secure such Indebtedness, (3) Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(a) and Sections 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (xiv), (xv) and (xvii) (as it relates to Indebtedness in respect of Section 6.3(a) and Sections 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (xiv), (xv), (xviii), (xxi), (xxv), (xli) and/or (xlii)), and Sections 6.3(b)(xviii), (xxi), (xxv), (xxxix), (xli) and/or (xlii) and (4) any Permitted Receivables Financing solely with respect to the assets subject to such Permitted Receivables Financing; (ii) arising under customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; (iii) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or right with respect to any assets or Equity Interests not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; (iv) that are assumed in connection with any acquisition of property or the Equity Interests of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its Subsidiaries (including the Equity Interests of the relevant Person or Persons) and/or property so acquired and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition; (v) set forth in any agreement for any disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the assets thereof) that restricts the 

126 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such disposition; (vi) set forth in provisions in agreements or instruments that prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Equity Interests of a Person other than on a pro rata basis; (vii) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company agreements, joint venture agreements, other organizational and governance documents and other similar agreements; (viii) on cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist; (ix) set forth in documents that exist on the Closing Date, including pursuant to the Existing Notes, the Existing Note Guarantees, the Existing Notes Indentures, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and, in each case, related documentation and related Derivative Transactions; (x) (1) arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date or (2) arising under customary separateness, bankruptcy remoteness and similar provisions included in governing or other documents related to entities structured as special purpose entities in anticipation of financing arrangements, acquisition of assets or similar transactions, in each case, if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) (A) are not materially less favorable to the holders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, (B) generally represent market terms at the time of incurrence or structuring, as applicable, taken as a whole, or (C) would not, in the good faith determination of senior management of the Borrower, at the time of incurrence or structuring, as applicable, materially impair the Borrower s ability to pay the Obligations when due; (xi) arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or permit; (xii) arising in any Hedge Agreement and/or any agreement relating to Banking Services; (xiii) relating to any asset (or all of the assets) of and/or the Equity Interests of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any disposition of such asset (or assets) and/or all or a portion of the Equity Interests of the relevant Person that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement; (xiv) set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limits the right of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto; (xv) restrictions or conditions contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, sale or other agreement to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; provided that such agreement (i) prohibits the encumbrance of solely the property or assets of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary that are subject to such agreements, the payment rights arising thereunder or the proceeds thereof and does not extend to any other asset or 127 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW property of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or the assets or property of another Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) would not, in the good faith of the Borrower, at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, materially impair the Borrower s ability to make payments under the Loan Documents when due; (xvi) any encumbrance or restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary that was previously an Unrestricted Subsidiary which encumbrance or restriction exists pursuant to or by reason of an agreement that such Subsidiary is a party to or entered into before the date on which such Subsidiary became or is redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such agreement was not entered into in anticipation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming or being redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary and any such encumbrance or restriction does not extend to any assets or property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the assets and property of such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries; and/or (xvii) imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (i) through (xvi) above; provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.2, (1) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior to dividends or liquidating distributions being paid on common stock shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make distributions on Equity Interests and (2) the subordination of (including the application of any standstill requirements to) loans and advances made to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to other Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make loans or advances. Section 6.3 Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise (collectively, incur and collectively, an incurrence with respect to any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) and the Borrower shall not issue any shares of Disqualified Stock and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any shares of Disqualified Stock or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to issue Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Borrower may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) and issue shares of Disqualified Stock, and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), and issue shares of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Borrower would have been at least 2.00 to 1.00, determined on a pro forma basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the additional Indebtedness had been incurred, or the Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock had been issued, as the case may be, and the application of proceeds therefrom had occurred at the beginning of the Test Period. (b) The provisions of Section 6.3(a) shall not apply to: (i) the incurrence of Indebtedness under Credit Facilities (including the incurrence of the Obligations under this Agreement) by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers 

128 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW acceptances thereunder (with letters of credit and bankers acceptances being deemed to have a principal amount equal to the face amount thereof), up to an aggregate outstanding principal amount (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) not to exceed, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), the greater of (i) 175.0 million and (ii) 50.0 of Annualized EBITDA; (ii) the Indebtedness represented by the Existing Notes (including any Existing Note Guarantee thereof) outstanding on the Closing Date; (iii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower issued or owing to any Restricted Subsidiary and/or of any Restricted Subsidiary issued or owing to the Borrower and/or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Guarantor owing to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations (but only to the extent any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is outstanding at any time after the date that is 30 days after the Closing Date and thereafter only to the extent permitted by applicable law and not giving rise to material adverse tax consequences); (iv) Indebtedness in respect of Permitted Receivables Financings; (v) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock (1) arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn out or similar obligations (including contingent earn out obligations), in each case, incurred, issued or assumed in connection with any disposition, any acquisition or Investment permitted under this Agreement or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Equity Interests, and (2) arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement described in the foregoing subclause (1); (vi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (1) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, completion, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including relating to any litigation not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(6)) and (2) in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments to support any of the foregoing items; (vii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Banking Services (including Indebtedness owed on a short-term basis to banks and other financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm that arises in connection with ordinary banking arrangements to manage cash balances of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) and incentive, supplier finance or similar programs; (viii) (1) guaranties by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (2) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in respect of obligations of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary 129 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services and (3) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (ix) guarantees of Indebtedness by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement; (x) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing on the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness described in clause (i) or (ii) above); (xi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 100.0 million and 25.0 of Annualized EBITDA; (xii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xiii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (1) the financing of insurance premiums, (2) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, and/or (3) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xiv) Indebtedness (including with respect to Financing Leases and purchase money Indebtedness), Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance or refinance the acquisition, construction, lease, expansion, development, design, installation, repair, replacement, relocation, renewal, maintenance, upgrade or improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or any other asset (whether through the direct purchase of property, equipment or other assets or Equity Interests of any Person owning such property, equipment or other assets); provided that such incurrence or issuance is prior to, at the time of or within two years after the completion of such acquisition, construction, lease, expansion, development, installation, repair, replacement, relocation, renewal, maintenance, upgrade or improvement; (xv) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (1) of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance an acquisition or Investment or (2) of Persons that are acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary 

130 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW or merged into, amalgamated with or consolidated with the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including designating an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary) or that are assumed in connection with an acquisition of assets; provided that after giving pro forma effect to such Investment, acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation, either: (A) the Borrower would be permitted to incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth in Section 6.3(a) or (B) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Borrower is equal to or greater than immediately prior to such Investment, acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; (xvi) Indebtedness issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any shareholder of the Borrower or any future, current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Borrower permitted under Section 6.1; (xvii) the incurrence or issuance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued in exchange for or as a replacement of (including by entering into alternative financing arrangements in respect of such exchange or replacement (in whole or in part), by adding or replacing lenders, creditors, agents, Borrowers and/or guarantors, or, after the original instrument giving rise to such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock has been terminated, by entering into any credit agreement, loan agreement, note purchase agreement, indenture or other agreement), or the net proceeds of which are to be used for the purpose of modifying, extending, refinancing, renewing, replacing, redeeming, repurchasing, defeasing, acquiring, amending, supplementing, restructuring, repaying, prepaying, retiring, extinguishing or refunding (collectively, refinance with refinances , refinanced and refinancing having a correlative meaning) any Indebtedness (or unutilized commitment in respect of Indebtedness), Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued as permitted under the first paragraph of this Section 6.3 or any of clauses (i), (ii), (x), (xi), (xiv), (xv), (xvii), (xviii), (xxi), (xxiii), (xxiv), (xxv), (xxxvi), (xli) and (xlii) of this Section 6.3(b) (in any case, including any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness and such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being refinanced, the Refinanced Indebtedness and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided that: (1) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Refinanced Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of such refinancing, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, dividends and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus defeasance costs, underwriting discounts and other fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, closing payments, original issue discount, initial yield payments and similar fees) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized and letters of credit undrawn thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.3 (provided that (1) any additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this clause (xvii) (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (2) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted pursuant to Section 6.6); 131 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (2) solely in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued under Section 6.3(b)(x), (A) such Refinancing Indebtedness either (1) has a final maturity the same as or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) or (2) requires no or nominal payments in cash (other than interest payments) prior to, in each case, the earlier of (x) the final maturity of the Refinanced Indebtedness and (y) the Maturity Date and (B) other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, such Refinancing Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Refinanced Indebtedness (without giving effect to any amortization or prepayments in respect of such Refinanced Indebtedness); (3) such Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include: (A) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower; (B) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Guarantor; or (C) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and (4) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.3(b)(i) or that is secured by Liens on the Collateral that are equal in priority (without regard to control of remedies) with the Obligations, such Refinancing Indebtedness ranks equal or junior in right of payment with the Obligations and is secured by Liens on the Collateral on an equal or junior priority basis with respect to the Obligations or is unsecured; provided that any such Refinancing Indebtedness that is (A) secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking on an equal priority basis (but without regard to control of remedies) with the Obligations shall be subject to an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or (B) secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations shall be subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement; (xviii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Guarantors; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xviii) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to 100.0 of the net proceeds received by the Borrower since immediately after the Issue Date from the issue or sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower or cash contributed to the capital of the Borrower (other than proceeds of Disqualified Stock or sales of Equity Interests to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) to the extent such net proceeds have not otherwise been applied to make Restricted Payments pursuant to clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or to make Permitted Investments (other than Permitted Investments specified in any of clauses (a), (b) and (e) of the definition thereof); 

132 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (xix) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative Transaction that was, at the time entered into, not for speculative purposes; (xx) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (1) deferred compensation to current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors and consultants of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries and (2) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with any Investment or any acquisition permitted under this Agreement; (xxi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xxi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 215.0 million and 60.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xxii) [reserved]; (xxiii) the incurrence of Indebtedness constituting Junior Priority Obligations up to an aggregate outstanding principal amount (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) not to exceed, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), an amount such that, after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such amount and the application of the proceeds therefrom, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio of the Borrower would be no greater than 4.00 to 1.00; provided that for purposes of determining the amount that may be incurred under this clause (xxiii), all Indebtedness incurred under this clause (xxiii) shall be deemed to be Consolidated Secured Debt; (xxiv) the incurrence of Indebtedness that is secured by Liens on assets that do not constitute Collateral (assuming, for purposes of this clause (xxiv) and future ratio calculations for so long as such Indebtedness remains outstanding, that such assets constitute Collateral), up to an aggregate outstanding principal amount (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) not to exceed, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), an amount such that, after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such amount and the application of the proceeds therefrom, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio of the Borrower would be no greater than 4.00 to 1.00; provided that for purposes of determining the amount that may be incurred under this clause (xxiv), all Indebtedness incurred under this clause (xxiv) shall be deemed to be Consolidated Secured Debt; (xxv) Indebtedness (including in the form of Financing Leases) of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with Sale and Lease- Back Transactions; (xxvi) [Reserved]; 133 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (xxvii) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance compensation claims; (xxviii) [Reserved]; (xxix) [Reserved]; (xxx) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any letter of credit, bank guaranty or similar instrument issued in compliance with this Section 6.3 in a principal amount not exceeding the face amount of such instrument; (xxxi) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xxxii) (i) customer deposits and advance payments (including progress premiums) received in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm from customers or (ii) obligations to pay, in each case, for goods and services purchased or sold in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xxxiii) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest with respect to Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary otherwise permitted under this Agreement; (xxxiv) [Reserved]; (xxxv) [Reserved]; (xxxvi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for the benefit of joint ventures; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xxxvi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 50.0 million and 15.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xxxvii) [Reserved]; (xxxviii) [Reserved]; (xxxix) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that the net proceeds thereof are promptly deposited with the applicable trustee in connection with a legal defeasance, covenant defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of any Indebtedness; 

134 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (xl) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred through the provision of bonds, guarantees, letters of credit or similar instruments required by any maritime commission or authority or other governmental or regulatory agencies, including, without limitation, customs authorities in connection with ships owned or chartered or ordinary course business conducted by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, not to exceed the amount required by such governmental or regulatory authority; (xli) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness in relation to: (i) regular maintenance required to maintain the classification of any of the ships owned or chartered on bareboat terms by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) scheduled dry-docking of any of the ships owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for normal maintenance purposes and (iii) any expenditures that will or reasonably may be expected to be recoverable from insurance on such ships; and (xlii) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness to finance the replacement of a marine vessel upon the total loss, destruction, condemnation, confiscation, requisition, seizure or forfeiture of, or other taking of title to or use of, such marine vessel (collectively, a Total Loss in an aggregate principal amount no greater than the amount that is equal to the contract price for such replacement marine vessel less all compensation, damages and other payments (including insurance proceeds other than in respect of business interruption insurance) received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Person in connection with such Total Loss in excess of amounts actually used to repay Indebtedness secured by the marine vessel subject to such Total Loss. (c) For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the accrual of interest or dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount and the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness or additional Equity Interests and (b) the obligation to pay a premium in respect of Indebtedness arising in connection with the issuance of a notice of prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, acquisition or similar payment or making of a mandatory offer to prepay, redeem, repurchase, defease, acquire, or similarly pay such Indebtedness will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness or issuance of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock for purposes of this Section 6.3. (d) For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.3, the principal amount of Indebtedness or the liquidation preference of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock outstanding under any clause of this Section 6.3 shall be determined after giving effect to the application of proceeds of any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock to refinance any such other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock. This Agreement will not treat (1) unsecured Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to Secured Indebtedness merely because such Indebtedness is unsecured or (2) Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to any other Indebtedness solely because such Indebtedness has a junior priority with respect to shared collateral or because it is secured by different collateral or issued or guaranteed by other obligors. Section 6.4 Asset Sales. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, an Asset Sale unless: (i) the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, in connection with 135 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW such Asset Sale) at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market Value (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of; and (ii) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75.0 of the consideration (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) for such Asset Sale, together with all other Asset Sales completed or contractually agreed upon since the Issue Date (on a cumulative basis), received (or to be received) by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents. (b) For purposes of Section 6.4(a)(ii) (and no other provision), the following shall be deemed to be cash or Cash Equivalents: (i) the greater of the principal amount and the carrying value of any liabilities (as reflected on the most recent balance sheet of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or in the footnotes thereto, or if incurred, accrued or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities that would have been reflected on the balance sheet of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or in the footnotes thereto if such incurrence, accrual or increase had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets (or are otherwise extinguished in connection with the transactions relating to such Asset Sale) pursuant to a written agreement which releases or indemnifies the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such liabilities; (ii) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Asset Sale; (iii) any securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted or reasonably expected by the Borrower acting in good faith to be converted by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents or by their terms are required to be satisfied for cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received), in each case, within 180 days following the closing of such Asset Sale; and (iv) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market Value (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value), taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (iv) that is outstanding at such time, not in excess of the greater of 50.0 million and 15.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. (b) [reserved]. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Collateral may be transferred to any Unrestricted Subsidiary other than cash to service the Indebtedness (i) incurred in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions and not to exceed the amount required to pay principal, interest, premiums, expenses, indemnities or fees then due and payable; provided the foregoing shall not be deemed to permit regularly scheduled amortization payments other than the final payment of principal due at maturity and (ii) incurred prior to the Closing Date by NFE South Power Holdings Limited and consistent with past practice. 

136 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of a Sale and Lease-back Transaction), contribution, dividend or other investment of (i) any assets that constitute FLNG1 Assets, FLNG2 Assets or any Reinvested Assets other than Immaterial FLNG1 Maintenance Transactions or (ii) any Equity Interests in any FLNG1 Subsidiaries or FLNG2 Subsidiaries, in each case, to any entity other than a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor satisfies the requirements of Sections 5.10. Each FLNG1 Subsidiary and each FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be, directly or indirectly, 100 owned by the Borrower. Section 6.5 Transactions with Affiliates. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with any Affiliate of the Borrower (each of the foregoing, an Affiliate Transaction involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of (at the time of the relevant transaction) the greater of 25.0 million and 7.5 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, unless: (i) such Affiliate Transaction is on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm s-length basis or, if in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, no comparable transaction is available with which to compare such Affiliate Transaction, such Affiliate Transaction is otherwise fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view and when such transaction is taken in its entirety; and (ii) the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent with respect to any Affiliate Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of the greater of 50.0 million and 15.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving such Affiliate Transaction. (b) Section 6.5(a) shall not apply to the following (provided, for clarity, Section 6.5(a) shall always apply to FLNG1 Collateral or the FLNG2 Collateral): (i) any transaction between or among the Borrower, one or more Restricted Subsidiaries and/or one or more joint ventures with respect to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries holds Equity Interests (or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or a joint venture, as applicable, as a result of such transaction) to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement; (ii) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower; (iii) (1) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors, (2) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Equity Interests pursuant to put/call rights or 137 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors, (3) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any supplemental executive retirement benefit plan, any health, disability or similar insurance plan that covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement and (4) any transaction with an Immediate Family Member of a current or former officer, director, member of management, manager, employee, member, partner, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in connection with any agreement, arrangement or transaction described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (3); (iv) (1) Restricted Payments not prohibited by Section 6.1 (other than pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ix)) and the definition of Permitted Investments (other than clause (ll) of such definition) and (2) issuances of Equity Interests and issuances and incurrences of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock not restricted by this Agreement; (v) transactions in existence on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous, in any material respect, to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date, in each case as determined in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower; (vi) the payment of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to any Management Investor and any of their respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, independent contractors and consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) in connection with such management, monitoring, consulting, advisory or similar services provided by them, whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods; (vii) [Reserved]; (viii) compensation to Affiliates in connection with financial advisory, consulting, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, including in connection with any acquisitions or divestitures, which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the Borrower in good faith; (ix) guarantees not prohibited by Section 6.1, Section 6.3 or the definition of Permitted Investments (x) [Reserved]; (xi) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of- pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the Board of Directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, consultants and independent contractors (or any Immediate Family Members of the foregoing) of the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xii) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent 

138 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW with industry norm, which are (1) fair to the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or the senior management thereof or (2) on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from a Person other than an Affiliate; (xiii) (1) the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, any equityholders agreement, investor rights agreement or the equivalent (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto) to which it is a party as of the Closing Date and any similar agreements which it may enter into thereafter; provided, however, that the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of obligations under any future amendment to any such existing agreement or under any similar agreement entered into after the Closing Date shall only be permitted by this clause (xiii) to the extent that the terms of any such amendment or new agreement are not otherwise materially disadvantageous in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower to the Borrower when taken as a whole as compared to the applicable agreement as in effect on the Closing Date and (2) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating to registration rights and indemnities provided to equityholders of the Borrower pursuant to any equityholders agreement, investor rights agreement or the equivalent (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto); (xiv) [Reserved]; (xv) any transaction in which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that the terms are not materially less favorable, when taken as a whole, to the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm s length basis; Financing; (xvi) transactions in connection with any Permitted Receivables (xvii) (1) Affiliate purchases of the Existing Notes to the extent permitted under the Existing Indentures, the holding of such Existing Notes and the payments and other related transactions in respect thereof (including any payment of out- of-pocket expenses incurred by such Affiliate in connection therewith), (2) other investments by Fortress, its Affiliates or Permitted Holders in securities or loans of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (and any payment of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Permitted Holders in connection therewith), including the Loans, so long as the investment is being offered generally to other investors on the same terms or on terms that are more favorable to the Borrower and (3) payments to Fortress, its Affiliates or Permitted Holders in respect of securities or loans of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries contemplated in the foregoing subclause (2) or that were acquired from Persons other than the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such securities or loans; (xviii) transactions undertaken pursuant to a shared services agreement or pursuant to a membership in a purchasing consortium; 139 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (xix) payment to any Permitted Holder of out of pocket expenses incurred by such Permitted Holder in connection with any direct or indirect Investment in the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (xx) the issuance or transfer of (1) Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower and the granting and performing of customary registration rights and (2) directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals as required by applicable law; (xxi) transactions with a Person (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary) that is an Affiliate of the Borrower arising solely because the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owns any Equity Interests in, or controls, such Person; (xxii) any lease entered into between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any Affiliate of the Borrower, on the other hand, which is approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or is entered into in the ordinary course of business; (xxiii) intellectual property licenses entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xxiv) transactions between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person that would constitute an Affiliate solely because a director of such other Person is also a director of the Borrower; provided, however, that such director abstains from voting as a director of the Borrower on any matter including such other Person; (xxv) (1) pledges of Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (2) in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness not prohibited by Section 6.3, pledges of equity interests of a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity to secure such Indebtedness; (xxvi) any transition services arrangement, supply arrangement or similar arrangement entered into in connection with or in contemplation of the disposition of assets or Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary not in violation of Section 6.4 that the Board of Directors of the Borrower determines is either fair to the Borrower or otherwise on customary terms for such type of arrangements in connection with similar transactions; (xxvii) transactions entered into by an Unrestricted Subsidiary with an Affiliate prior to the redesignation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such transaction was not entered into in anticipation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming or being redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary; (xxviii) payments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to tax sharing agreements among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on customary terms; provided that such payments shall not exceed the excess (if any) of the amount of taxes that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have paid on a stand-alone basis over the amount of such taxes actually paid by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries directly to governmental authorities; (xxix) payments to and from, and transactions with, any joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiary entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including any cash management activities related thereto); and 

140 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (xxx) transactions undertaken in good faith (as certified by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower in an Officer s Certificate) for the purposes of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not for the purpose of circumventing any covenant set forth in this Agreement. Section 6.6 Liens. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, create, incur or assume any Lien (except Permitted Liens) (each, a Subject Lien that secures obligations under any Indebtedness on any asset or property of the Borrower or any Guarantor, unless: (i) in the case of Subject Liens on any Collateral, such Subject Lien is a Permitted Lien; and (ii) in the case of any Subject Lien on any such asset or property that is not Collateral, (i) the Obligations are equally and ratably secured with (or, at the Borrower s option or if such Subject Lien secures Subordinated Indebtedness, on a senior basis to) the obligations secured by such Subject Lien until such time as such obligations are no longer secured by such Subject Lien. (b) Any Lien created for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to clause (a)(ii) of this Section 6.6 shall provide by its terms that such Lien shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon the release and discharge of the Subject Lien that gave rise to the obligation to secure the Obligations. In addition, in the event that a Subject Lien is or becomes a Permitted Lien, the Borrower may, at its option and without consent from the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, elect to release and discharge any Lien created for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to Section 6.6(a) in respect of such Subject Lien. (c) With respect to any Lien securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such Lien shall also be permitted to secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness. The Increased Amount of any Indebtedness shall mean any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with any accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same terms, accretion of original issue discount or liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of property securing Indebtedness. Section 6.7 [Reserved]. (d) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to directly or indirectly, create, incur or assume any Lien over the FLNG1 Asset (or Reinvested Assets), the FLNG2 Asset (or Reinvested Assets) or over any of the Equity Interests of any FLNG1 Subsidiary or FLNG2 Subsidiary other than Permitted Liens of the type described in clauses (a), (b), (c)(i), (c)(ii), (mm)(I), (rr) and (ss) of the definition thereof. (e) The Borrower shall not permit any Liens to attach to the Brazilian Assets (other than Permitted Liens) unless pursuant to the 2024 Financing Transactions and the Borrower complies with Section 5.10(g) with respect to granting a junior-priority lien to secure the Obligations. Section 6.7 Dispositions of Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey, distribute or otherwise dispose, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of property or assets (including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction) of the Borrower or any Guarantor that constitute Collateral to any Affiliate of the Borrower or Subsidiary of the Borrower 141 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW that is not a Guarantor other than (i) in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice and (ii) cash to service the Indebtedness incurred in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions not to exceed the amount required to pay principal, interest, premiums, expenses, indemnities or fees then due and payable; provided the foregoing shall not be deemed to permit regularly scheduled amortization payments other than the final payment of principal due at maturity. Section 6.8 [Reserved] Section 6.9 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets. (a) The Borrower shall not merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Borrower is the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: (i) the Borrower is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or winding up (if other than the Borrower) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia (the Borrower or such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the Successor Company (ii) the Successor Company (if other than the Borrower) expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents pursuant to joinders hereto and to the applicable Security Documents, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, or other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and has provided all documentation and other information required by the Agents, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act; (iii) immediately after such transaction, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (iv) in the case of the Borrower, immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and any related financing transactions, as if such transactions had occurred at the beginning of the Test Period, either: (1) the Successor Company would be permitted to incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth in Section 6.3(a), or (2) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio immediately after such transaction would be equal to or greater than the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to such transaction; (v) to the extent any assets of the Person who is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Successor Company are assets of the type that would constitute Collateral under the Security Documents, the Successor Company will take such action as may be reasonably necessary to cause such property and assets to be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Security Documents in the manner and to the extent required in this Agreement or the applicable Security Documents and shall take all reasonably necessary action so that such Lien is perfected to the extent required by the applicable Security Documents. 

142 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (b) The Successor Company will succeed to and be substituted for the Borrower under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the other applicable Loan Documents and the Borrower will automatically be released and discharged from its obligations under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Loan Documents, as applicable. Notwithstanding clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 6.9(a), (i) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties and assets to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the Borrower may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into an Affiliate of the Borrower solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Borrower in the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia, and (iii) the Borrower may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties and assets to any Guarantor. (c) Subject to the provisions described in this Agreement and the Security Documents governing release of a Guarantee, no Guarantor shall, and the Borrower shall not permit a Guarantor to, merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Guarantor is the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its and its Restricted Subsidiaries properties or assets, taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: (i) such Guarantor is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or winding up (if other than such Guarantor) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor or any other Guarantor or the laws of the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia (such Guarantor or such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the Successor Guarantor (ii) the Successor Guarantor, if other than such Guarantor, expressly assumes all the obligations of such Guarantor under this Agreement and such Guarantor s related Guarantee pursuant to joinders hereto and to the applicable Security Documents and the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and (iii) to the extent any assets of the Person who is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Successor Guarantor are assets of the type that would constitute Collateral under the Security Documents, the Successor Guarantor will take such action as may be reasonably necessary to cause such property and assets to be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Security Documents in the manner and to the extent required in this Agreement or the applicable Security Documents and shall take all reasonably necessary action so that such Lien is perfected to the extent required by the applicable Security Documents; or (iv) the transaction is not prohibited by Section 6.4. 143 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (d) The Successor Guarantor will succeed to, and be substituted for, such Guarantor under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents and such Guarantor s Guarantee and such Guarantor will automatically be released and discharged from its obligations under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents. (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Guarantor may (i) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties or assets to another Guarantor or the Borrower, (ii) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower solely for the purpose of reincorporating or reorganizing such Guarantor in the United States, any state or territory thereof, the District of Columbia or the jurisdiction of organization of any other Guarantor, (iii) convert into a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor or any other Guarantor, or the laws of a jurisdiction in the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia or (iv) liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders, in each case, without regard to the requirements set forth in Section 6.9(c). Section 6.10 Financial Covenants. (a) Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of any Test Period (excluding, on and after the Eighth Amendment Effective Date, the Test Period ending September 30, 2024 and, subject to the occurrence of the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event, excluding the Test Periods ending on December 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025) to exceed 0.70 to 1.00; provided, however, if the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event does not occur, then the Test Period ending September 30, 2024 shall not be excluded from the obligation in this Section 6.10(a) and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall be required to demonstrate that it did not permit the Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the Test Periods ending September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025 to exceed 0.70 to 1.00. (b) Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio. Commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2021, if, as of the last Business Day of any Test Period, the Revolving Facility Usage is equal to or greater than 50 , the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio as of the last day of such Test Period to be greater than (i) 5.00 to 1.00, for the fiscal quarters ending December 31, 2021 through September 30, 2023 and (ii) 4.00 to 1.00, for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023 and each fiscal quarter thereafter. (c) Minimum Liquidity. (3) Commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024, the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Liquidity to be less than 100,000,000.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. (4) Commencing with the calendar month ending October 31, 2024, the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Liquidity to be less than 50,000,000.00 as of the last day of any calendar month. Section 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 7.1 Events of Default. 

144 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (a) Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default : (5) (26) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, within 30 Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof; or (6) (27) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or (7) (28) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in clause (i) of Section 5.4(a) (with respect to the Borrower only), Section 5.7(a), Section 5.16, Section 5.17, 5.19 or Section 6; or (8) (29) (A) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in Section 5.18, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party obtains knowledge of such default and (ii) the date on which the Borrower has received written notice of such default from the Administrative Agent; and (B) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (1) through (3) of this Section 7.1(a)), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 60 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party obtains knowledge of such default and (ii) the date on which the Borrower has received written notice of such default from the Administrative Agent, or if such default is of a nature that it cannot with reasonable effort be completely remedied within said period of 60 days, such additional period of time as may be reasonably necessary to cure same, provided that the applicable Loan Party commences such cure within such 60 day period and diligently prosecutes same, until completion, but in no event shall such extended period exceed 90 days; or (9) (30) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there is issued or by which there is secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than (i) Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any Permitted Receivables Financing, (iii) with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (iv) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary as to which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying a resolution adopted by the Borrower to the effect that the obligees of such Indebtedness have no recourse to the assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor), whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists or is created after the Closing Date, if both: (A) such default either results from the failure to pay any principal of such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods) or relates to an obligation other than the obligation to pay principal of any such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity and results in the holder or holders of such Indebtedness causing such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated final maturity; and (B) the principal amount of such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness in default for failure to pay principal at 145 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, is in the aggregate equal to 100.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent); provided that if any such acceleration is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently concluded, then the Event of Default by reason thereof would not be deemed to have occurred until the conclusion of such proceedings; (10) (31) failure by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary (other than any Receivables Subsidiary) (or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, other than any Receivables Subsidiary) to pay final non-appealable judgments aggregating in excess of 100.0 million (to the extent not covered by insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied its obligation), which final non-appealable judgments remain unpaid, undischarged and unstayed for a period of more than 90 days after such judgment becomes final and non-appealable, and, in the event such judgment is covered by insurance, an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or decree which is not promptly stayed; provided that such failure shall not be an Event of Default with respect to a judgment against a Significant Subsidiary as to which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of the Borrower to the effect that the creditors of such Significant Subsidiary have no recourse to the assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor (other than such Significant Subsidiary) and that the Board of Directors of the Borrower has determined in good faith that the assets of such Significant Subsidiary have a Fair Market Value less than the sum of (x) the amount of such outstanding judgment, and (y) the outstanding Indebtedness of such Significant Subsidiary; (11) (32) the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, other than a Receivables Subsidiary), pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law: (i) commences proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent; (ii) consents to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under applicable Bankruptcy Law; (iii) consents to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property; (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (v) makes an admission in writing of its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; or (12) (33) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: 

146 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (i) is for relief against the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary), in a proceeding in which the Borrower or any such Significant Subsidiary or any such group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary, is to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent; (ii) appoints a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary), or for all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower or any such Significant Subsidiary or any such group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary; or (iii) orders the liquidation of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary); and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; or (13) (34) (i) any Person shall engage in any prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Pension Plan, (ii) any failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Pension Plan, or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Pension Plan shall arise on the assets of the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity, (iii) a Reportable Event shall occur with respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Pension Plan, which Reportable Event or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, likely to result in the termination of such Pension Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (iv) any Pension Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA or (v) the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity shall incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal from, or the Insolvency of, a Multiemployer Plan; and in each case in clauses (i) through (v) above, such event or condition results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (14) (35) (i) the Liens created by the Security Documents shall at any time not constitute a valid and perfected Lien on any material portion of the Collateral intended to be covered thereby (unless perfection is not required by this Agreement or the Security Documents) other than (A) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Security Document and this Agreement, (B) as a result of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions or (C) any loss of perfection that results from the failure of the Controlling Authorized Representative or Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates delivered to it representing securities pledged under the Security Documents or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements; and (ii) such default continues for 30 days after receipt of written notice given by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or 147 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (15) (36) any Guarantee of any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary (or group of Guarantors that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee) or such Guarantor or such group of Guarantors denies or disaffirms its obligations under its Guarantee (other than by reason of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions); or (16) (37) the Borrower or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Guarantors that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall assert, in any pleading in any court of competent jurisdiction, that any security interest in any material Security Document is invalid or unenforceable (other than by reason of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions, the release of the Guarantee of such Guarantor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the release of such security interest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Security Documents); or (17) (38) any Change of Control shall occur. (b) If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(a)(7) or Section 7.1(a)(8), with respect to the Borrower, the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit shall automatically terminate, the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, and (B) subject to clause (c) below, if such event is any other Event of Default, with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, declare (i) the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated and (ii) the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. (c) In the event of any Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(a)(5), such Event of Default and all consequences thereof (excluding any resulting payment default hereunder, other than as a result of acceleration of the Obligations) shall be annulled, waived and rescinded, automatically and without any action by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party, if within 30 days after such Event of Default arose: (1) the Indebtedness or guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged; or (2) the requisite holders thereof have rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such Event of Default; or (3) the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been cured; provided that the foregoing shall not apply (A) to the failure to provide notice of a Default or Event of Default resulting from taking such prohibited action, (B) following the acceleration of the Loans and all other amounts due under this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(b) or (C) following receipt by the Borrower 

148 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW of written notice from the Required Lenders of any Default or Event of Default in respect of which the Required Lenders have expressly reserved their rights. Section 7.2 Application of Proceeds. Subject to the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, all proceeds collected by the Collateral Agent upon any collection, sale, foreclosure or other realization upon any Collateral (including any distribution pursuant to a plan of reorganization), including any Collateral consisting of cash, shall be applied as follows: FIRST, to the payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (in their capacity as such hereunder or under any other Loan Document) in connection with such collection, sale, foreclosure or realization or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of its agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document; SECOND, to the payment in full of all Obligations (the amounts so applied to be distributed among the Secured Parties pro rata in accordance with the amounts of the Obligations owed to them on the date of any such distribution); THIRD, to the Loan Parties, their successors or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. In addition, in the event that the Collateral Agent receives any non-cash distribution upon any collection, sale, foreclosure or other realization upon any Collateral, such non-cash distribution shall be allocated in the manner described above, with the value of such non-cash distribution being reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent; provided that the Collateral Agent shall apply any cash distribution in accordance with this Section 7.2 prior to application of any such non-cash distribution. The Collateral Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the time of application of any such proceeds, moneys or balances in accordance with this Agreement. Upon any sale of Collateral by the Collateral Agent (including pursuant to a power of sale granted by statute or under a judicial proceeding), the receipt of the Collateral Agent or of the officer making the sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold and such purchaser or purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application of any part of the purchase money paid over to the Collateral Agent or such officer or be answerable in any way for the misapplication thereof. Section 8. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT. Section 8.1 Appointment and Authority. (a) Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Section 8.1 are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and none of the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions (except as provided in Section 8.6 below). (b) MUFG shall also act as the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes MUFG act as the Collateral Agent of such Lender or such Issuing Bank for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the 149 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent, and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 8.5 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Section 8 and Section 9 (including Section 9.5(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in- fact were the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. (c) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or (except as provided in any other Loan Documents) (or any other similar term) with reference to the Agents is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. Section 8.2 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender or an Issuing Bank as any other Lender or Issuing Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. Section 8.3 Exculpatory Provisions. The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents: (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the applicable Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that neither Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity; (d) shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agents shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 9.1 and 7.1) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Agents shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to such Agent in writing by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank; 

150 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (e) shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, (vi) perfecting, maintaining, monitoring, preserving or protecting the security interest or Lien (including the priority thereof) granted under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, (vii) the filing, re-filing, recording, re-recording or continuing of any document, financing statement, mortgage, assignment, notice, instrument of further assurance or other instrument in any public office at any time or times, (viii) providing, maintaining, monitoring or preserving insurance on or the payment of Taxes with respect to any of the Collateral or (ix) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 4 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agents; (f) shall not be required to qualify in any jurisdiction in which it is not presently qualified to perform its obligations as an Agent; (g) shall not be required to (i) expend or risk its own funds or provide indemnities in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers, or (ii) otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers, except for such expense, indemnity or liability, if any, arising out of such Agent s gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the performance of its duties hereunder or under any other Loan Document, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; and (h) the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. No requirement in any Loan Document for a Loan Party to provide evidence, opinion, information, documentation or other material requested or required by any Agent shall be construed to mean that such Agent has any responsibility to request or require such evidence, opinion, information, documentation or other material. No Lender or Issuing Bank shall assert, and each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby waives, any claim against the Agents, including any predecessor agent, its sub-agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. Section 8.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not 151 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower or any Lender or Issuing Bank), independent accountants and other experts, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Section 8.5 Delegation of Duties. Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Section 8 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as an Agent. Section 8.6 Resignation of the Agents. The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower (and upon any such resignation as Administrative Agent, shall also resign as Collateral Agent). Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) is continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States (which successor shall act as both Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent). If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) is continuing, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed) and (b) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Person directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Section 8 and Section 9.5 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 

152 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 8.7 Non-Reliance on the Agents and Other Lenders. Each Lender and Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Section 8.8 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Arrangers listed on the cover page hereof shall not have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in their capacities, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank hereunder. Section 8.9 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.8 and 9.5) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.8 and 9.5. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or in any such proceeding. Section 8.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters; Rights Under Hedge Agreements. (a) Each of the Lenders and Issuing Banks irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent to release or evidence the release of any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document, to release any Guarantor from its obligations under a Guarantee or any Loan Document or to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document, in each case as provided in Section 9.20. 153 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (b) Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents pursuant to Section 9.20. (c) No Secured Hedge Agreement or Secured Cash Management Agreement will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Lender Counterparty that is a party thereto any rights to manage or release any Collateral or the obligations of any Guarantor under the Loan Documents. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, such Lender Counterparty shall be deemed to have appointed the Collateral Agent as its agent and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party. Section 8.11 Withholding Taxes. To the extent required by any applicable Requirements of Law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 2.17, each Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of such Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 8.11. The agreements in this Section 8.11 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. Section 8.12 Intercreditor and Subordination Agreements. Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Agents to enter into any intercreditor or subordination agreement pertaining to any permitted subordinated debt or other debt permitted to be secured by the Collateral or any portion thereof on its behalf and to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of any such agreement. Section 8.13 Credit Bidding. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form 

154 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.1 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. Section 8.14 Return of Certain Payments. (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank (and each Participant of any of the foregoing, by its acceptance of a Participation) hereby acknowledges and agrees that if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender or Issuing Bank that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds (or any portion thereof) received by such Lender or Issuing Bank (any of the foregoing, a Recipient from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Recipient (whether or not known to such Recipient) (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment and demands the return of such Payment, such Recipient shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment as to which such a demand was made. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Recipient under this Section shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (b) Without limitation of clause (a) above, each Recipient further acknowledges and agrees that if such Recipient receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in an amount, or on a date different from the amount and/or date specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice ), (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, or (z) that such Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), in each case, it understands and agrees at the time of receipt of such Payment that an error has been made (and that it is deemed to have knowledge of such error) with respect to such Payment. Each Recipient agrees that, in each such case, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand 155 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made. (c) Any Payment required to be returned by a Recipient under this Section shall be made in same day funds in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. Each Recipient hereby agrees that it shall not assert and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, permitted by applicable law, hereby waives, any right to retain such Payment, and any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment or similar right to any demand by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payment received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. (d) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that the receipt by any Recipient of a Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed to such Lender or Issuing Bank by the Borrower or any other Loan Party. Section 9. MISCELLANEOUS Section 9.1 Amendments and Waivers. Except as provided in Section 2.21 (with respect to the extension of any Applicable Maturity Date) or in Section 2.12, neither this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9.1. The Required Lenders, the Borrower and each other Loan Party which is a party to the relevant Loan Document may, or (with the written consent of the Required Lenders) the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each other Loan Party which is a party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (a) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents (including amendments and restatements hereof or thereof) for the purpose of adding or removing any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights and obligations of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as may be specified in the instrument of waiver, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only and without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender, amend, supplement or modify this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, so long as such amendment, supplement or modification does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice thereof and Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment; provided further, however, that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall: (i) forgive the principal amount of any Loan, extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest, fee or premium payable under this Agreement (except in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates (which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders)) or extend the time for payment of any interest, fees or premium or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Commitment of any Lender, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 9.1 or the definition of Required Lenders to reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders or reduce the consent required under any provision pursuant to which 

156 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW the consent of Required Lenders is necessary, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided that certain agreements may be amended without the consent of the Required Lenders as contemplated by the last paragraph of this Section 9.1; (iii) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents without the consent of each Lender; (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 8, or any other provision affecting the rights, duties or obligations of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, or amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.3, or any other provision affecting the rights, duties or obligations of any Issuing Bank, without the consent of such Issuing Bank; (v) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.14 without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (vi) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender, except (A) to the extent the release of such Collateral is permitted pursuant to Section 9.20 (in which case such release may be made without the consent of any Lender) or (B) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions; or (vii) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender, except (A) to the extent the release of any Subsidiary from a Guarantee is permitted pursuant to Section 9.20 (in which case such release may be made without the consent of any Lender) or (B) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions; provided, further, that any Loan Document may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (without the consent of any Lender) solely to grant a new Lien for the benefit of the Secured Parties or extend an existing Lien over additional property. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and all future holders of the Loans and issuers of Letters of Credit. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Any such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall be effected by a written instrument signed by the parties required to sign pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section; provided that delivery of an executed signature page of any such instrument by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) Security Documents and related documents executed in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower only and without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered solely to the extent necessary to (i) comply with local Law or advice of local counsel or (ii) cause such Guarantee, Security Document or related document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (B) no Lender consent 157 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW is required to effect any amendment or supplement to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement that is for the purpose of adding the holders of Equal Priority Obligations, or Junior Priority Obligations, as expressly contemplated by the terms of such Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, such Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement are required to effectuate the foregoing and provided that such other changes are not adverse, in any respect, to the interests of the Lenders); provided, further, that; provided that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. Section 9.2 Notices. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.6(c), all notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile notice, when received, addressed (a) in the case of the Loan Parties, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent, as follows and (b) in the case of the Lenders and Issuing Banks, at their primary address set forth below their name on Appendix A or otherwise indicated to Administrative Agent in writing or, in the case of a Lender or Issuing Bank which becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, in such Assignment and Acceptance or (c) in the case of any party, to such other address as such party may hereafter notify to the other parties hereto: the Loan Parties: C/o New Fortress Energy Inc. 111 W. 19th Street, 8th Floor New York, NY 10011 Attention: Christopher S. Guinta Chief Financial Offer Telephone: 516-268-7406 Email: cguinta@newfortressenergy.com with a copy to: Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP Attention: Seth E. Jacobson 155 N. Wacker Drive Chicago, IL 60606 Telephone: (312) 409-0889 Email: seth.jacobson@skadden.com the Administrative Agent: MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1221 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10020 T: (212) 782-5753 Attention: Agency Desk Email: AgencyDesk@us.sc.mufg.jp and the Collateral Agent: 

158 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW HQA Post Boarding Regional Support Corporate Banking Middle Office MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Fl. New York, NY 10020 T: (212) 782-5753 Email: ttsodikovich@us.mufg.jp with a copy to, in each case of the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent: Vinson Elkins LLP 1114 Avenue of the Americas 32nd Floor New York, NY 10036 T: (212) 237-0000 Attention: David Wicklund and Caitlin S. Turner Email: dwicklund@velaw.com and csturner@velaw.com provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Agents or any Lender shall not be effective until received. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE MATERIALS AND/OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE BORROWER HEREUNDER BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Agents or any of its Related Parties (each, an Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Agents transmission of materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder through the Platform or the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). Section 9.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise 159 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Section 9.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made herein, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder. Section 9.5 Payment of Expenses; Indemnification. (a) The Borrower agrees (i) to pay or reimburse each of the Agents and each of the Arrangers for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the syndication of the Revolving Loan Facility (other than fees payable to syndicate members) and the development, negotiation, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, limited in the case of counsel fees to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Agents and the Arrangers and one local counsel to the Agents, taken as a whole, in any relevant jurisdiction and the charges of any Platform, (ii) to pay or reimburse each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Agents for all their reasonable and documented out-of- pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, including all costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Laws, limited in the case of counsel fees to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Lenders and the Agents taken as a whole, and one local counsel to the Lenders and the Agents taken as a whole in any relevant material jurisdiction (or, with respect to enforcement, any relevant jurisdiction) and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, (iii) to pay, indemnify, or reimburse each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Agents for; and hold each Lender and the Agent harmless from, any and all reasonable recording and filing fees, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of , this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents and (iv) to pay, indemnify or reimburse each Lender, each Issuing Bank, each Agent, the Arrangers, their respective affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, members employees, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an Indemnitee for, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims (including Environmental Claims), actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (limited to, in the case of counsel, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole and one local counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole in any relevant jurisdiction and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel (plus if applicable, any additional counsel in the event of a conflict) in each relevant jurisdiction), whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, incurred by an Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (A) the execution, enforcement or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds thereof, (C) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property owned, occupied or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any liability under any Environmental Law related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, or (D) any actual 

160 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or their respective equity holders, affiliates, creditors or security holders, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing in this clause (iv), collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ), but excluding, in each case, Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from a non-tax claim; provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities (x) are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or material breach of its obligations under this Agreement of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (y) resulted from any dispute that does not involve an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its affiliates, shareholders, partners or other equity holders and that is brought by an Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties against another Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties other than any claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an Agent or an Arranger. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unauthorized persons of information or other materials sent through electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems. No Indemnitee shall assert against any Loan Party and no Loan Party shall assert against any Indemnitee, and each Indemnitee and each Loan Party hereby waives, any special, punitive, indirect or consequential or exemplary damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date) provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit any Indemnitee s indemnification and reimbursement obligations to the extent such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are included in any third party claim with respect to which such Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, and to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Borrower agrees not to assert and to cause its Subsidiaries not to assert, and hereby waives and agrees to cause its Subsidiaries so to waive, all rights for contribution or any other rights of recovery with respect to all claims, demands, penalties, fines, liabilities, settlements, damages, costs and expenses of whatever kind or nature, under or related to Environmental Laws, that any of them might have by statute or otherwise against any Indemnitee. All amounts due under this Section 9.5 shall be payable not later than 30 days after written demand therefor. Statements payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.5 shall be submitted to the Borrower at the address of the Borrower set forth in Section 9.2, or to such other Person or address as may be hereafter designated by the Borrower in a notice to the Administrative Agent. The agreements in this Section 9.5 shall survive the termination of the Commitments and the repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. (b) Without duplication of Section 2.17(d) or clause (a) above, Borrower agrees (i) to hold each Lender and each Agent harmless from, any and all reasonable recording and filing fees and any and all reasonably liability with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying Other Taxes, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents and (ii) to hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims (including Environmental Claims), actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (limited to, in the case of counsel, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole and one local counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole in any relevant jurisdiction and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel (plus if applicable, any additional counsel in the event of a conflict) in each relevant jurisdiction) whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, incurred by an Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (A) the execution, enforcement or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their 161 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (B) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds thereof, (C) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property owned, occupied or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any liability under any Environmental Law related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, or (D) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or their respective equity holders, affiliates creditors or security holders, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, but excluding, in each case of this clause (ii), Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from a non-tax claim; provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities (x) are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or material breach of its obligations under this Agreement of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (y) resulted from any dispute that does not involve an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its affiliates, shareholders, partners or other equity holders and that is brought by an Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties against another Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties other than any claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or an Arranger. (c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) of this Section 9.5 to be paid by it to any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), and any Issuing Bank or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to such Agent (or any such sub-agent), such Issuing Bank or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Issuing Bank in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for such Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Issuing Bank in connection with such capacity. Section 9.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments. (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arrangers, all future holders of the Loans and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Loan Party may assign or transfer any of their rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except as described in this Section 9.6. (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, in accordance with applicable Law, at any time sell to one or more banks, financial institutions or other entities (each, a Participant participating interests in any Loan owing to such Lender, any Commitment of such Lender or any other interest of such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided, however, that no Lender shall be permitted to sell any such participating interest to (i) any of the Permitted Holders (other than Permitted Holders described in clause (b) of the definition thereof) or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective associated investment funds, (ii) any Person that is a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Institution, (iii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural person). In the event of any such sale by a Lender of a participating interest to a Participant, such Lender s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, such Lender shall remain the holder of any such Loan for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in 

162 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In no event shall any Participant under any such participation have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would require the consent of all Lenders pursuant to Section 9.1. The Borrower agrees that if amounts outstanding under this Agreement and the Loans are due or unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, be deemed to have the right of setoff in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement; provided that, in purchasing such participating interest, such Participant shall be deemed to have agreed to share with the Lenders the proceeds thereof as provided in Section 2.14 as fully as if such Participant were a Lender hereunder. The Borrower also agrees that each Participant shall be entitled through the Lender granting the participation to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections, Section 2.18 and 2.19, including the requirements of Section 2.17(f) and (g) (it being agreed that any required forms shall be provided solely to the participating Lender)) with respect to its participation in the Commitments and the Loans outstanding from time to time as if such Participant were a Lender; provided that no Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to any such Section than the transferor Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the participation transferred by such transferor Lender to such Participant had no such transfer occurred, except to the extent that entitlement to a greater amount results from a Change in Law that occurs after such Participant acquires the applicable participation, unless such transfer was made with the Borrower s prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal and stated interest amounts of each Participant s interest in the Loans held by it (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of the participation in question for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. (c) Any Lender (an Assignor may, in accordance with applicable Law and the written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and, so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented unless the Borrower shall have objected thereto within ten (10) Business Days after having received written notice thereof), at any time and from time to time assign to any Lender or any affiliate, Related Fund or Control Investment Affiliate thereof, or to an additional bank, financial institution or other entity (an Assignee all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Assignee and such Assignor and delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register; provided that assignments made to any Lender, an affiliate of a Lender or a Related Fund will not be subject to the above described consents of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower; provided, further, that no assignment to an Assignee (other than any Lender or any affiliate thereof) of Commitments shall be in an aggregate principal amount of less than 1,000,000 (other than in the case of an assignment of all of a Lender s interests in the Revolving Loan Facility under this Agreement) and, after giving effect thereto, the assigning Lender (if it shall retain any Commitment) shall have a Commitment of at least 1,000,000 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; provided, however, no Lender shall 163 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW be permitted to assign all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to (i) any of the Permitted Holders (other than Permitted Holders described in clause (b) of the definition thereof) or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective associated investment funds, (ii) any Person that is a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Institution, (iii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural person). Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording in the Register, from and after the effective date determined pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder with Commitments and/or Loans as set forth therein, and (y) the Assignor thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned in such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of an Assignor s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Assignor shall cease to be a party hereto, except as to Sections 2.16, 2.17 and 9.5 in respect of the period prior to such effective date). For purposes of the minimum assignment amounts set forth in this paragraph, multiple assignments by two or more Related Funds shall be aggregated. (d) Any designation of a Disqualified Institution (x) shall not have retroactive effect to disqualify an entity in respect of any prior assignment, participation, executed trade with respect to the foregoing that has not yet settled or executed commitment advice letter, in respect of any Lender or potential Lender permitted hereunder at the time of such assignment, participation, executed trade or commitment advice letter and (y) shall not take effect until one (1) Business Day after written notice to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with the Disqualified Institution list and shall have no liability for non-compliance by any Lender. (e) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an Assignor and an Assignee (and, in any case where the consent of any other Person is required by Section 9.6(c), by each such other Person) together with payment to the Administrative Agent of a registration and processing fee of 3,500 (provided, however, that (i) Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment and (ii) no such fee shall be required to be paid in the case of an Assignee which is already a Lender or any affiliate, Related Fund or Control Investment Affiliate thereof), the Administrative Agent shall (A) promptly accept such Assignment and Acceptance and (B) on the effective date determined pursuant thereto record the information contained therein in the Register and give notice of such acceptance and recordation to the Borrower. On or prior to such effective date, the Borrower, at its own expense, upon request, shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (in exchange for the applicable Loan Notes of the assigning Lender) a new Loan Note to such Assignee in an amount equal to the Commitment assumed or acquired by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and, if the Assignor has retained a Commitment, upon request, a new Loan Note to the Assignor in an amount equal to the Commitment retained by it hereunder. Such new Loan Note or Loan Notes shall otherwise be in the form of the Loan Note or Loan Notes replaced thereby. (f) For avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 9.6 concerning assignments of Loans and Loan Notes relate only to absolute assignments and that such provisions do not prohibit assignments creating security interests in Loans and Loan Notes, including any pledge or assignment by a Lender of any Loan or Loan Note to any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with applicable Law. (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan 

164 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any state thereof. Each party hereto also agrees that each SPC shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections, Section 2.18 and 2.19, including the requirements of Section 2.17(f) and (g) (it being agreed that any required forms shall be provided solely to the Granting Lender)) with respect to its granted interest in the Commitments and the Loans outstanding from time to time as if such SPC were a Lender; provided that no SPC shall be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to any such Section than the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the interest granted by such Granting Lender to such SPC had no such grant occurred, except to the extent that entitlement to a greater amount results from a Change in Law that occurs after such interest was granted, unless such transfer was made with the Borrower s prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9.6(g), any SPC may (A) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee in the amount of 3,500 (which processing fee may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Lender, or with the prior written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) and with the payment of a processing fee in the amount of 3,500 (which processing fee may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) to any financial institutions providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Loans, and (B) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC; provided that non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates may be disclosed only with the Borrower s consent which will not be unreasonably withheld. This Section 9.6(g) may not be amended without the written consent of any SPC with Commitments outstanding at the time of such proposed amendment. To the extent an SPC provides a Loan, the applicable Granting Lender shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each SPC and the principal and stated interest amounts of each SPC s interest in the Loans held by it (the SPC Register ). The entries in the SPC Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Granting Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the SPC Register as the owner of the participation in question for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. No Granting Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a SPC Register (including the identity of any SPC or any information relating to a SPC s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. Section 9.7 Set-off (a) .In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, each Lender and Issuing Bank shall have the right, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law, upon any amount becoming due and payable by the Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to set off and appropriate 165 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or such Issuing Bank or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made by such Lender; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. Section 9.8 Counterparts. (a) This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (b) The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper- based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. Section 9.9 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Section 9.10 Integration. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. Section 9.11 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Section 9.12 Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) submits for itself and its Property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, in each case, in the County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and appellate courts from any thereof; 

166 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to its address set forth in Section 9.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent (or in the case of the Administrative Agent, the other parties hereto) shall have been notified pursuant thereto; (d) agrees that the Agents, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders retain the right to bring proceedings against any Loan Party in the courts of any other jurisdiction in connection with the exercise of any rights under any Security Document or the enforcement of any judgment; (e) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law; and (f) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section 9.12 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. Section 9.13 Acknowledgments. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (a)(i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Agents and the Arrangers are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (ii) each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b)(i) each of the Agents and the Arrangers are and have been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (ii) none of the Agents nor the Arrangers has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; (c) the Agents and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Agents nor the Arrangers has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; and (d) each of the Agents and the Arrangers (i) is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services, (ii) in the ordinary course of business, may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships and (iii) with respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by the Agents or the Arrangers or any of their respective customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees not to assert any claim that any Agent or either Arranger owes it any agency, fiduciary or similar duty and agrees no such duty is owed in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 167 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 9.14 Confidentiality. Each of Agents, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agrees to keep confidential all non-public information provided to it by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement Information provided that nothing herein shall prevent any Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank from disclosing any such information (a) to any Agent, any other Lender or Issuing Bank or any affiliate of any thereof, (b) to any Participant or Assignee (each, a Transferee or prospective Transferee that agrees to comply with the provisions of this Section 9.14 or substantially equivalent provisions, (c) to any of its or its affiliates employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants, other professional advisors and service providers, it being understood and agreed that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential, (d) to any financial institution that is a direct or indirect contractual counterparty or potential counterparty in swap agreements with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or such contractual counterparty s or potential counterparty s professional advisor (so long as such actual or potential contractual counterparty or professional advisor to such actual or potential contractual counterparty agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section or substantially equivalent provisions), (e) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it, (f) to the extent required in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or to the extent otherwise required pursuant to any Requirement of Law, (g) in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding, (h) that has been publicly disclosed other than in breach of this Section 9.14, (i) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lender s investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender, (j) to any other party hereto, (k) with the consent of the Borrower or (l) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided that, in the event a Lender receives a summons or subpoena to disclose confidential information to any party, such Lender shall, if legally permitted and practicable, endeavor to notify the Borrower thereof as soon as possible after receipt of such request, summons or subpoena and to afford the Loan Parties an opportunity to seek protective orders, or such other confidential treatment of such disclosed information, as the Loan Parties may deem reasonable. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.14 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. Section 9.15 [Reserved.] Section 9.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL. EACH LOAN PARTY, THE AGENTS, THE ISSUING BANKS AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. Section 9.17 Conversion of Currencies. (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. (b) The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment 

168 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrower contained in this Section 9.17 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. Section 9.18 USA PATRIOT ACT. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank that is subject to the PATRIOT Act and each Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or such Issuing Bank or the Agents, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by any Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank, provide all documentation and other information that such Agent or such Lender or such Issuing Bank requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. Section 9.19 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank, or any Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender or such Issuing Bank in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and Issuing Bank severally agrees to pay to the Agents upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Agents, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and Issuing Banks under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. Section 9.20 Releases of Collateral and Guarantees. Each of the Lenders (including in its capacity as a potential Lender Counterparty) and Issuing Banks irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent to be the agent for and representative of the Lenders and Issuing Banks with respect to the Collateral and the Security Documents; provided that the Collateral Agent shall not owe any fiduciary duty, duty of loyalty, duty of care, duty of disclosure or any other obligation whatsoever to any holder of Obligations with respect to any Secured Hedge Agreements or Secured Cash Management Agreements, and the Collateral Agent agrees that: (a) The Collateral Agent s Lien on any Property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document shall be automatically and fully released (i) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions, (ii) at the time the Property subject to such Lien is sold (other than to any other Loan Party or other Person that would be required pursuant to any Security Document to grant a Lien on such Collateral to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties after giving effect to such Disposition) as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) if the Property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guarantee pursuant to clause (b) below, (iv) to the extent (and only for so long as) such property constitutes an Excluded Asset or (v) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with Section 9.1. 169 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (b) The Guarantee of a Guarantor shall be automatically and unconditionally released, and no further action by such Guarantor or the Administrative Agent is required for the release of such Guarantor s Guarantee under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if: (i) in connection with any sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of that Guarantor (including by way of merger, consolidation or dissolution) to a Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor, if the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition does not violate this Agreement; (ii) in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition of Capital Stock of that Guarantor to a Person that is not the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary and that results in such Guarantor ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary, if the sale, transfer or other disposition does not violate this Agreement; (iii) if the Borrower designates any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with the provisions set forth under Section 6.1(c) and the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary in this Agreement, or upon such Guarantor becoming (A) a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity, (B) a Receivables Subsidiary, (C) an Immaterial Subsidiary, (D) a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (E) a not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiary or (F) a Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee would result in material adverse tax consequences, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, in each case in compliance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement; (iv) upon the merger, amalgamation, consolidation or winding up of such Guarantor with and into the Borrower or another Guarantor that is the surviving Person in such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or winding up, or upon the liquidation of such Guarantor; or (v) in accordance with the provisions of any Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. (c) In addition, any Lien on any Collateral may be subordinated to the holder of any Lien on such Collateral that is created, incurred, or assumed pursuant to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (i), (j), (l), (m) (with respect to any assets subject to such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction), (n) (solely to the extent such Lien related to Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.3(b)(xiv)), (o) (other than any Lien on the Equity Interests of any Guarantor), (p), (r), (u) (to the extent the relevant Lien is of the type to which the Lien of the Collateral Agent is otherwise required or, if requested by the Borrower, permitted to be subordinated pursuant to any of the other exceptions included in this clause (c)), (w), (x), (y), (z)(i), (bb), (cc), (dd) (in the case of subclause (dd)(ii), to the extent the relevant Lien covers cash collateral posted to secure the relevant obligation), (ee), (ff), (gg), (hh) (other than with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset that is subject to a Mortgage), (ii), (jj), (kk), (ll), (oo), (rr) and/or (ss) of the definition of Permitted Liens (and, in the case of each such clause, any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under clause (k) of the definition of Permitted Liens to the extent required by the terms of the obligations secured by such Liens. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) no Lien on any Property shall be released pursuant to clause (a) above unless any Lien on such Property securing the Secured Notes Obligations and any other Equal Priority Obligations is also being released substantially concurrently, (ii) no Guarantor shall be released pursuant to clause (b) above unless such Guarantor is also released substantially concurrently from any guarantee obligations of the Secured Notes Obligations and any other Equal Priority Obligations and (ii) no Lien on any Collateral shall be subordinated pursuant to clause (c) above unless any Lien on such Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations and any other Equal Priority Obligations is also being subordinated by the holders of such obligations substantially concurrently. 

170 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW (e) On the date that the Termination Conditions are satisfied, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Security Documents and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Collateral Agent and each Loan Party under the Security Documents shall terminate, all without the need to deliver any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. (f) It will promptly execute, authorize or file such documentation as may be reasonably requested by any Loan Party to release, or evidence the release (in registrable form, if applicable), its Liens with respect to any Collateral or the guarantee obligations of any Guarantor as set forth in this Section 9.20; provided that the foregoing shall be at the Borrower s expense and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Section 9.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: liability; (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. Section 9.22 Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such 171 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. (b) As used in this Section 9.22, the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Covered Entity : any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right : has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. QFC : the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). Section 9.23 Intercreditor Agreement. This Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. Section 9.24 No Fiduciary Duty. Each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the Loan Parties, their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Agents, the Lenders or their respective Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. Section 9.25 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the applicable interest rate, together with all fees and charges that are treated as interest under applicable law, as provided for herein or in any other document executed in connection herewith, or otherwise contracted for, charged, received, taken or reserved by any Lender or any Issuing Bank, shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by such Lender in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable hereunder, together with all fees and charges that are treated as interest under applicable law payable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate, provided, that such excess amount shall be paid to such Lender or such Issuing Bank on subsequent payment dates to the extent not exceeding the legal limitation. 

172 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 10. GUARANTEES. Subject to this Section 10, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Agreement, the Loans or the Borrower Obligations, that: (a) the Borrower Obligations shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the Loans, if any, if lawful, and all other Borrower Obligations shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof; and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Loans or any of such other Borrower Obligations, that same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection. The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Loan Documents, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by the Administrative Agent with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Borrower, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the extent permitted by law) diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower, any right to require a proceeding first against the Borrower, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that this Guarantee shall not be discharged except pursuant to Section 9.20, and any rights of orden and excusi n it may have by virtue of law or otherwise, as provided in Articles 2812 (two thousand eight hundred and twelve), 2814 (two thousand eight hundred and fourteen) and 2816 (two thousand eight hundred and sixteen) of the Mexican Federal Civil Code, and its relative articles of the civil code of any state of Mexico. This Section 10 shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. Each Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the Borrower for liquidation or reorganization, should the Borrower become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the Borrower s assets, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Obligations are, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee on the Obligations, whether as a voidable preference , fraudulent transfer or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Obligations shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. In case any provision of this Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This Guarantee issued by any Guarantor shall be a general senior obligation of such Guarantor and shall be equal in right of payment with all existing and future Senior Indebtedness of such Guarantor, including the 2025 Note Guarantees and the 2026 Note Guarantees of such Guarantor. Each payment to be made by a Guarantor in respect of its Guarantee shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, reduction or diminution of any kind or nature. 173 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW Each Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Section 10, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee not constituting unlawful financial assistance, a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law. Each Guarantor that makes a payment under its Guarantee shall be entitled upon payment in full of all guaranteed Obligations under this Agreement to a contribution from each other Guarantor in an amount equal to such other Guarantor s pro rata portion of such payment based on the respective net assets of all the Guarantors at the time of such payment determined in accordance with GAAP. Any Guarantee of a Guarantor incorporated under the laws of England and Wales shall not apply to the extent that it would result in such Guarantee constituting unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of sections 678 or 679 of the Companies Act 2006. Any Guarantee of a Guarantor incorporated under the laws of Ireland shall not apply to the extent that it would result in such Guarantee constituting financial assistance as prohibited by section 82 of the Irish Companies Act 2014. No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor s obligations under this Section 10, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until the Termination Conditions have been satisfied. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the later of the date the Termination Conditions are satisfied and the Maturity Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied to the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Section 10, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Obligations or other amounts payable under this Section 10 thereafter arising. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Obligations, (ii) the Termination Conditions have been satisfied and (iii) the Maturity Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantor s request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor. For purposes of this Section 10, each Guarantor incorporated or formed under the laws of Mexico (each a Mexican Guarantor ), specifically for the purpose of receiving legal and/or judicial service of process in the United States of America in connection with this Section 10, independently from the Lenders right to make and deliver services of process to the Mexican Guarantors in any other way or form which is legally valid, hereby designate the following agent and attorney-in-fact for such purposes in the United States of America (the Mexican Process Agent ): 

174 1144782.02A-CHISR01A1256454.03B-CHISR02A - MSW NFE Management LLC The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801 United States of America Each Mexican Guarantor represents and warrants to the Lenders that on the Closing Date, they have received evidence of the acceptance by the Mexican Process Agent of its appointment as such by the Mexican Guarantors. Additionally, each Mexican Guarantor covenants and agrees that it will take all necessary and appropriate action in order to grant in favor of the Mexican Process Agent, and within the fifteen (15) calendar days immediately following the Closing Date, a document of authority or power of attorney granted by each Mexican Guarantor in favor of the Mexican Process Agent in full compliance with Mexican law and duly formalized for its validity in Mexico, through such corporate actions as may be required by each Mexican Guarantor s incorporation documents and bylaws, and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lenders, in order to fully and duly formalize the designation of the Mexican Process Agent as each Mexican Guarantor s agent for service of process in the United States of America in accordance with Mexican law. Each Mexican Guarantor hereby agrees to provide a copy of the formalization of the designation of the Mexican Process Agent within the twenty-five (25) Business Day immediately following the Closing Date. [Signature Pages Follow] 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-10.48>
 3
 a06nfeulcaamendment4comp.htm
 EX-10.48

a06nfeulcaamendment4comp 

NFE ULCA Fourth Amendment Agreement 1256468.03-CHISR02A - MSW Execution Version AMENDED AND RESTATED FOURTH AMENDMENT AGREEMENT This AMENDED AND RESTATED FOURTH AMENDMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of September 30, 2024 (this Amendment is entered into by NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors party to the ULCA and NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH and each of the other Lenders (as defined in the ULCA) party hereto. PRELIMINARY STATEMENT A. Reference is made to that certain Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the ULCA ), by and among Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto from time to time, Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), Natixis, New York Branch, as ULCA Collateral Agent (as defined in the ULCA), the Lenders party thereto from time to time and the Issuing Banks party thereto from time to time. B. The Borrower, the Guarantors and the Lenders party hereto, constituting Required Lenders, desire to amend the ULCA on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Amendment. C. This Amendment amends and restates in its entirety that certain Fourth Amendment Agreement to the ULCA, dated as of August 31, 2024, by and among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. D. Section 9.1 of the ULCA provides that the Required Lenders, the Borrower and each other Loan Party who is a party to the ULCA may amend the ULCA in the manner set forth in this Amendment. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants set forth in this Amendment, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. Defined Terms; Interpretation; Etc. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the ULCA. Section 1.2 (Other Definitional Provisions; Rules of Construction) of the ULCA apply to this Amendment, mutatis mutandis. Section 2. Amendments to the ULCA. Effective from and after the date hereof, upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof and the occurrence of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the ULCA is hereby amended to read as set forth in Annex A hereto (by inserting the language indicated in single underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) in Annex A and by deleting the language indicated by strikethrough text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) in Annex A). Notwithstanding any provision of this Amendment to the contrary, (a) no other provisions of the ULCA and (b) none of the exhibits or schedules to the ULCA are intended to or shall be amended or otherwise modified or affected by this Amendment. Section 3. Representations and Warranties. Borrower and each Guarantor hereby represent and warrant to the Lenders that (A) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights NFE ULCA Fourth Amendment Agreement 1256468.03-CHISR02A - MSW generally and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law), (B) no Reimbursement Obligations are outstanding, (C) both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result from the transactions contemplated by this Amendment, and (D) both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof. Section 4. Effectiveness. This Amendment, shall become effective upon the date (such date, the Amendment Effective Date ): (i) the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower, each other Loan Party and Lenders constituting the Required Lenders a duly executed counterpart of this Amendment; (ii) the Borrower shall have consummated amendments to (i) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2024, (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Borrower, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, and (ii) the Credit Agreement, in each case, in form and substance substantially similar to the covenant amendments set forth in this Amendment on or before September 30, 2024; (iii) [reserved]; (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 4(ii) and 4(v) are satisfied; and (v) the representations and warranties contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof. Section 5. Effect of Amendment. (a) Upon the Amendment Effective Date, from and after the date hereof (i) each reference in the ULCA to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import, referring to the ULCA, and each reference in each other Loan Document to the ULC Agreement , the ULCA , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the ULCA, shall mean and be a reference to the ULCA as amended by this Amendment and (ii) this Amendment shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for all purposes of the ULCA (as amended by this Amendment) and the other Loan Documents. 

NFE ULCA Fourth Amendment Agreement 1256468.03-CHISR02A - MSW (b) Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, the ULCA and other Loan Documents are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed and shall constitute the legally valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law). The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any Default or Event Default, or of any right, power or remedy of the Issuing Bank under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. Section 6. General. (a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. (b) The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby forever waives, releases, remises and discharges the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent, the Account Bank, the Issuing Banks, the Lenders, their investment advisors, sub-advisors, and managers, and each of their respective Affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, professionals, advisors and counsel, including, without limitation, Steptoe LLP, as counsel to the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Releasees ), from any and all claims (including, without limitation, cross-claims, counterclaims, rights of setoff and recoupment), demands, obligations, liabilities, causes of action, damages, losses, costs and expenses of any kind or character, known or unknown, past or present, liquidated or unliquidated, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, which such Loan Party ever has or had on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date against any such Releasee which concerns, directly or indirectly, the Borrower or any Guarantor, the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, the ULCA or any other Loan Document, or any acts or omissions of any such Releasee relating to the Borrower, any Guarantor, the ULCA or any other Loan Document, in each case, to the extent pertaining to facts, events or circumstances existing on or prior to (but not after) the Amendment Effective Date (the Released Claims ). The Loan Parties further covenant not to sue, commence, institute or prosecute, or support any Person that sues, commences, institutes, or prosecutes, any lawsuit, action or other proceeding against any Releasees with respect to any Released Claims. As to each and every claim released hereunder, each Loan Party hereby represents that it has received the advice of legal counsel with regard to the releases contained herein. The foregoing release shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the ULCA, and the other Loan Documents and payment in full of all Obligations in respect thereof and is in addition to any other release or covenant not to sue in favor of the Releasees. (c) This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by email or facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. (d) The provisions of Sections 9.12 and 9.16 of the ULCA are hereby incorporated by reference, mutatis mutandis, as if set forth in full herein. NFE ULCA Fourth Amendment Agreement 1256468.03-CHISR02A - MSW (e) The headings of this Amendment are used for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. [remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

[NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., as the Borrower By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer NEW FORTRESS INTERMEDIATE LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer NFE ATLANTIC HOLDINGS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer [NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement] AMERICAN ENERGY LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS LLC ATLANTIC ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY GPF HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY GPF PARTNERS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY POWER HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORDCOUNTYPOWERPARTNERSLLC BRADFORD COUNTY TRANSPORT HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY TRANSPORT PARTNERS LLC ISLAND LNG LLC LA DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC LA REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS LLC LA REAL ESTATE PARTNERS LLC LNG HOLDINGS LLC NFE FLNG 2 LLC NEW FORTRESS ENERGY MARKETING LLC NEW FORTRESS ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC NFE ANDROMEDA CHARTERING LLC NFE ANGOLA HOLDINGS LLC NFE BCS HOLDINGS (A) LLC NFE BCS HOLDINGS (B) LLC NFE EQUIPMENT HOLDINGS LLC NFE EQUIPMENT PARTNERS LLC NFE GHANA HOLDINGS LLC NFE GHANA PARTNERS LLC NFE GLOBAL SHIPPING LLC NFE GRAND SHIPPING LLC NFE HONDURAS HOLDINGS LLC NFE INTERNATIONAL LLC NFE INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING LLC NFE ISO HOLDINGS LLC NFE ISO PARTNERS LLC NFE JAMAICA GP LLC NFE LOGISTICS HOLDINGS LLC NFE MANAGEMENT LLC NFE NICARAGUA DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC NFE NICARAGUA HOLDINGS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement] NFE NORTH TRADING LLC NFE PIONEER 1 LLC NFE PIONEER 2 LLC NFE PIONEER 3 LLC NFE PLANT DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC NFE FLNG 1 ISSUER LLC NFE SOUTH POWER HOLDINGS LLC NFESUBLLC NFE TRANSPORT HOLDINGS LLC NFETRANSPORTPARTNERSLLC NFE US HOLDINGS LLC PA DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC PA REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS LLC PA REAL ESTATE PARTNERS LLC TICO DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS HOLDINGS LLC TICO DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer [NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement] AMERICAN LNG MARKETING LLC LNG HOLDINGS (FLORIDA) LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement] ATLANTIC DISTRIBUTION HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC POWER HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC PIPELINE HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC TERMINAL INFRASTRUCTURE HOLDINGS SRL By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Manager ATLANTIC POWER HOLDINGS L ITED NFE BERMUDA HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE SOUTH HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director incorporated under Bermuda law NFE SHANNON HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Director NFE NORTH DISTRIBUTION LIMITED NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE NORTH TRANSPORT LIMITED NFE SOUTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE SOUTH POWER TRADING LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director AMAUNET, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFENERGIA MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFENERGIA GN DE BCS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE PACIFICO LAP, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE BCS MEXICO HOLDINGS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE ALTAMIRA ONSHORE, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Legal Representative [NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement] MEXICO FLNG ONSHORE, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Legal Representative 

[NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement] NFENERGIA LLC SOLUCIONES DE ENERGIA LIMPIA PR LLC NFE POWER PR LLC ENCANTO EAST LLC ENCANTO WEST LLC ENCANTO POWER WEST LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Authorized Signatory NFE MEXICO HOLDINGS S.A R.L. NFE MEXICO HOLDINGS PARENTS.A R.L. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Authorized Signatory NFE NICARAGUA DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC, SUCURSAL NICARAGUA By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Chief Financial Officer NFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director NFE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director incorporated under the laws of England and Wales NFE MEXICO POWER HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director [NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement] NFE MEXICO TERMINAL HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director NFE UK HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director NFE GP LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Chief Financial Officer 

NFE ULCA Fourth Amendment Agreement NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender By: /s/Abraham Edholm Name: Abraham Edholm Title: Director By: /s/Guillaume de Parscau Name: Title: Guillaume de Parscau Managing Director NFE ULCA Fourth Amendment Agreement Docusign Envelope ID: 45E232C3-E208-4538-BB40-D913F7953F27 DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender By: /s/Gaurav Mathur Name: Title: Gaurav Mathur Managing Director By: /s/Chandan Kumar Name: Title: Chandan Kumar Director 

NFE ULCA Fourth Amendment Agreement CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, as a Lender By: /s/Thibault Berger Name: Thibault Berger Title: Managing Director By: /s/Abdellah Agouzoul Name: Title: Abdellah Agouzoul Director HSBC BANK USA, N.A., as a Lender By: /s/Mark K. Wheeler Name: Mark K. Wheeler Title: Vice President By: Name: Title: NJ'E ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender By: /s/Mary Harold Name: Mary Harold Title: Managing Director NFE ULCA A R Fourth Amendment Agreement 1256468.03-CHISR02A - MSW BANCO SANTANDER, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender By: /s/Guilerme Fagundes Name: Guilherme Fagundes Title: Executive Director By: /s/Cherine Kenawy Name: Cherine Kenawy Title: Executive Director NFE ULCA - Fourth Amendment Agreement 

1256468.03-CHISR02A - MSW Annex A Amended ULCA [See attached.] 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Execution Version Annex A Amended ULCA (Conformed through Amended and Restated Fourth (Conformed through Third Amendment Agreement dated as of May 17September 30, 2024) UNCOMMITTED LETTER OF CREDIT AND REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT among NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., as the Borrower, The Guarantors from Time to Time Party Hereto, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as the Sole Lead Arranger and Documentation Agent, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as the ULCA Collateral Agent, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as the Administrative Agent, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, As a Lender and as an Issuing Bank, and The other Lenders and Issuing Banks from Time to Time Party Hereto Dated as of July 16, 2021 As amended by: the Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2022; and the Second Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2022; and the Third Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2024; and the Amended and Restated Fourth Amendment to Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2024 

1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS Section 1.1 Defined Terms 1 Section 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions; Rules of Construction. 6063 Section 1.3 Accounting Terms and Principles 6064 Section 1.4 Timing of Payment or Performance 6164 Section 1.5 Currency Equivalents Generally 6164 Section 1.6 Limited Condition Transactions. 6165 Section 1.7 Certain Compliance Determinations. 6266 SECTION 2. LETTERS OF CREDIT Section 2.1 Letters of Credit 6569 Section 2.2 Fees; General Provisions Regarding Payments and Calculations; Pro Rata Sharing 7478 Section 2.3 Taxes 7780 Section 2.4 Extension of Maturity Date. 8084 Section 2.5 Cash Collateralization. 8286 Section 2.6 Removal or Replacement of a Lender. 8387 Section 2.7 Defaulting Lenders 8488 Section 2.8 Incremental Total LC Limits. 8690 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 3.1 Financial Condition 8791 Section 3.2 No Change 8791 Section 3.3 Existence; Compliance with Law 8891 Section 3.4 Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 8892 Section 3.5 No Legal Bar 8892 Section 3.6 No Material Litigation 8892 Section 3.7 No Default 8892 Section 3.8 Ownership of Property; Liens 8892 Section 3.9 IP Rights 8992 Section 3.10 Taxes 8993 Section 3.11 Federal Regulations 8993 Section 3.12 Labor Matters 8993 Section 3.13 ERISA 8993 Section 3.14 Investment Company Act 8993 Section 3.15 Subsidiaries 8993 Section 3.16 Use of Proceeds 9093 Section 3.17 Environmental Matters 9094 Section 3.18 Accuracy of Information, Etc 9094 Section 3.19 Security Documents 9195 Section 3.20 Solvency 9195 Section 3.21 [Reserved] 9195 Section 3.22 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Corruption 9195 Section 3.23 Insurance 9296 ii 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT Section 4.1 Closing Date 9296 Section 4.2 Each Credit Event 9498 SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS Section 5.1 Financial Statements 9599 Section 5.2 Certificates; Other Information 9699 Section 5.3 Payment of Taxes 96100 Section 5.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Law 96100 Section 5.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance 96100 Section 5.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions 97100 Section 5.7 Notices 97101 Section 5.8 Environmental Laws 97101 Section 5.9 Plan Compliance 98101 Section 5.10 Additional Guarantors; Additional Collateral, Collateral Limitations. 98101 Section 5.11 Collateral Account 100104 Section 5.12 Post-Closing Covenants 100104 Section 5.13 Use of Proceeds 100105 Section 5.14 Further Assurances. 100105 Section 5.15 Lender Meetings 105 Section 5.16 Lender Advisor 105 Section 5.17 13-Week Forecasts 105 Section 5.18 Control Agreements. 106 Section 5.19 2024 Financing Transaction 106 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS Section 6.1 Limitation on Restricted Payments 101106 Section 6.2 Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries 107113 Section 6.3 Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock 109115 Section 6.4 Asset Sales 116122 Section 6.5 Transactions with Affiliates 117122 Section 6.6 Liens 120126 Section 6.7 [Reserved]. 121Dispositions of Collateral 127 Section 6.8 [Reserved]. 121127 Section 6.9 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets 121127 Section 6.10 Financial Covenants 123129 SECTION 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 7.1 Events of Default 123130 Section 7.2 Application of Proceeds 127134 SECTION 8. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE ULCA COLLATERAL AGENT Section 8.1 Appointment and Authority 128135 Section 8.2 Rights as a Lender 129135 Section 8.3 Exculpatory Provisions 129136 Section 8.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent 130137 Section 8.5 Delegation of Duties 131137 Section 8.6 Resignation of Agents 131137 Section 8.7 Non-Reliance on the Agents and Other Lenders 132138 

iii 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 8.8 No Other Duties, Etc 132138 Section 8.9 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 132138 Section 8.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 132139 Section 8.11 Withholding Taxes 133139 Section 8.12 Intercreditor and Subordination Agreements 133140 Section 8.13 Credit Bidding 133140 Section 8.14 Erroneous Payments 134141 SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS Section 9.1 Amendments and Waivers 136142 Section 9.2 Notices 138145 Section 9.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 140146 Section 9.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties 140146 Section 9.5 Payment of Expenses; Indemnification; Damage Waiver 140146 Section 9.6 Successors and Assigns 142149 Section 9.7 Set-off. 146152 Section 9.8 Counterparts 146152 Section 9.9 Severability 146153 Section 9.10 Integration 146153 Section 9.11 GOVERNING LAW 146153 Section 9.12 Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers 146153 Section 9.13 Acknowledgments 147154 Section 9.14 Confidentiality 148154 Section 9.15 [Reserved.] 148155 Section 9.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 148155 Section 9.17 Conversion of Currencies 149155 Section 9.18 USA PATRIOT ACT 149156 Section 9.19 Payments Set Aside 149156 Section 9.20 Releases of Collateral and Guarantees 149156 Section 9.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 151158 Section 9.22 [Reserved]. 152158 Section 9.23 Intercreditor Agreement. 152158 Section 9.24 No Fiduciary Duty. 152158 Section 9.25 Interest Rate Limitation. 152158 SECTION 10. GUARANTEES 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW SCHEDULES: 1.1 LC Limits; LC Exposure; Allocations 1.2 Existing LCs 3.15 Subsidiaries 3.19 Filing Jurisdictions 5.12 Post-Closing Matters EXHIBITS: A Form of Compliance Certificate B Form of Joinder Agreement C Form of Assignment and Acceptance D Form of Request for LC Activity E Form of Solvency Certificate F-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) G Form of Declining Lender Notice iv 

1 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW UNCOMMITTED LETTER OF CREDIT AND REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of July 16, 2021, among NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors (as defined herein) from time to time party hereto, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as administrative agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with any successor appointed in accordance with Section 8.6 hereof, the Administrative Agent ), NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with any successor appointed in accordance with Section 8.6 hereof, the ULCA Collateral Agent ), the financial institutions party hereto from time to time as lenders (each, a Lender and collectively, the Lenders and the financial institutions party hereto from time to time as issuing banks. W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, capitalized terms used in these recitals and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth for such terms in Section 1.1; WHEREAS, the Borrower and Natixis, New York Branch, as Issuing Bank, entered into that certain Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement dated as of July 16, 2021 (as modified and in effect immediately prior to the date hereof, the Existing ULCA and WHEREAS, the parties to that certain Second Amendment Agreement (as defined below) desire to amend the Existing ULCA on the terms and conditions set forth herein and therein pursuant to the Second Amendment Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. DEFINITIONS Section 1.1 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1. 2024 Financing Transactions : transactions contemplated by the binding agreements referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of the definition of Covenant Holiday Trigger Event. 2025 Additional Notes : 2025 Notes (other than the Initial Notes, as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture) issued from time to time under the 2025 Notes Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 thereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 2025 Note Guarantee : a Note Guarantee as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Notes : the Notes as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Notes Indenture : that certain Indenture, dated as of September 2, 2020, by and between the Borrower, as issuer, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent, as in effect on the Closing Date. 2025 Secured Notes Obligations : the Secured Notes Obligations as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties : the Secured Notes Secured Parties as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2026 Additional Notes : 2026 Notes (other than the Initial Notes, as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture) issued from time to time under the 2026 Notes Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 thereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 2026 Note Guarantee : a Note Guarantee as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2026 Notes : the Notes as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW 2026 Notes Indenture : that certain Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and between the Borrower, as issuer, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent, as in effect on the Closing Date. 2026 Secured Notes Obligations : the Secured Notes Obligations as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties : the Secured Notes Secured Parties as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. Acquired Indebtedness : with respect to any specified Person, (1) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is consolidated with, amalgamated or merged with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person consolidating with, amalgamating or merging with or into or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person; and (2) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person. Account Bank : Natixis, New York Branch, or any other depositary institution at which the Collateral Account is located from time to time, in each case acting as a bank (within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(8) of the UCC). Additional Equal Priority Obligations : the obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having, or intended to have, Equal Lien Priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) relative to the Obligations with respect to the Collateral; provided that an authorized representative of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have executed an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties : the holders of any Additional Equal Priority Obligations and any trustee, authorized representative or agent of such Additional Equal Priority Obligations. Additional Lender : as defined in Section 2.4(d). Adjusted Pro Rata Share : with respect to any Lender as of any date in respect of any issuance, amendment or extension in respect of any Letter of Credit, the Pro Rata Share of such Lender adjusted for the aggregate outstanding LC Exposure of all Declining Lenders in respect of such Letter of Credit as of such date, if any, as determined below: (a) prior to the first Conversion to Approving Lenders Date, with respect to any Lender as of any date, such Lender s Pro Rata Share as of such date, (b) thereafter: (i) with respect to any Approving Lender as of any date, the percentage equivalent of the quotient (rounded to the ninth decimal place) obtained by dividing such Approving Lender s LC Limit by the Total LC Limit; and (ii) for the purposes of determining any Declining Lender s percentage with respect to any outstanding LC Exposure as of any date, the percentage equivalent of the quotient (rounded to the ninth decimal place) obtained by dividing the aggregate principal amount of such Declining Lender s then-outstanding LC Exposure by the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding LC Exposure; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit for which such Declining Lender is the Issuing Lender, such Declining Lender s participation in such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum available amount under such Letter of Credit as of such date minus the aggregate sum of all 

3 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW participations in such Letter of Credit as of the close of business on the date immediately prior to the determination date. Administrative Agent : as defined in the preamble; provided that any reference to the Administrative Agent prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date shall be deemed to be a reference to Natixis, New York Branch as Issuing Bank. Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate : as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, that Person. For purposes of this definition, Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Affiliate Transaction : as defined in Section 6.5(a). Agent Fee Letter : that certain fee letter between the Borrower and Natixis, New York Branch dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. Agent Party : as defined in Section 9.2. Agents : collectively, the Administrative Agent and the ULCA Collateral Agent. Agreement : this Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement. Agreement Currency : as defined in Section 9.17(b). Aggregate Amounts Due : as defined in Section 2.2(i). Annualized EBITDA : on any date of determination, Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended quarterly Test Period multiplied by four. Anti-Money Laundering Laws : as defined in Section 3.22(a). Applicable Creditor : as defined in Section 9.17(b). Applicable Margin : 2.25 per annum. Applicable Maturity Date : as defined in Section 2.4(a). Approving Lender : as defined in Section 2.1(k). Asset Sale : (1) the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of property or assets (including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a Disposition or (2) the sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries issued in compliance with Section 6.3), whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise; in each case, other than: (a) the Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in a manner permitted pursuant to Section 6.9; (b) Dispositions (including of Equity Interests issued by any Restricted Subsidiary) among the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise); 4 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted Subsidiary if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, is not materially disadvantageous to the Secured Parties, and the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition referred to in clauses (d) through (jj) of this definition or (B) any Permitted Investment or any Investment permitted under Section 6.1; and (iii) the conversion of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary into another form of entity (and solely with respect to the Borrower, organized in the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia), so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the Guarantees, taken as a whole; (d) (i) Dispositions of inventory or other assets (including the Disposition of tankers or other marine vessels (other than tankers or other marine vessels that constitute Collateral), trucks, rail cars, ISO containers, natural gas, steam and power) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including on an intercompany basis among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries), (ii) the conversion of accounts receivable for notes receivable or other Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof and (iii) the leasing, assignment, subleasing, licensing or sublicensing of any real or personal property (including the provision of software under an open source license and including ground leases) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and the sale of leased, subleased, licensed or sublicensed assets to customers purchasing natural gas in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, damaged, used or worn out property or other property (including IP Rights) that, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower, is (i) no longer used or useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) or (ii) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain; (f) Dispositions of cash, Cash Equivalents, and/or Investment Grade Assets and/or other assets that were Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Assets when the relevant original Investment was made; (g) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute (i) Permitted Investments (other than pursuant to clause (j) of the definition thereof), (ii) Liens not prohibited under this Agreement or (iii) Restricted Payments permitted to be made, and that are made, under Section 6.1 (other than Section 6.1(b)(ix)); (h) [Reserved]; (i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; (j) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell and/or put/call arrangements between joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and/or similar binding arrangements; (k) Dispositions of (i) accounts receivable, or participations therein, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including any discount and/or forgiveness thereof and sales to factors or similar third parties) or in connection with the collection or compromise thereof and (ii) receivables, or participations therein, and related assets (or the Equity Interests in a Subsidiary, all or substantially all of the assets of which are receivables, or participations therein, and related assets) pursuant to any Permitted Receivables Financing; 

5 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (l) Dispositions and/or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), (i) the Disposition or termination of which will not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) that relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product or business line; (m) (i) any termination of any lease, assignment, sublease, license or sublicense in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or otherwise if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and is not materially disadvantageous to the Secured Parties; (n) (i) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain, expropriation, forced dispositions or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding), (ii) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of any property and (iii) transfers of any property that have been subject to a casualty event to the respective insurer of such property as part of an insurance settlement or upon receipt of the net proceeds of such casualty event; (o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are temporarily not in use, held for sale or closed (or otherwise in connection with the closing or sale of any facility); (p) [Reserved]; (q) Dispositions of non-core assets (including Equity Interests) and sales of real estate assets acquired in a transaction after the Closing Date that the Borrower determines in good faith will not be used or useful for the continued operation of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses; (r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) for like assets; (s) [Reserved]; (t) (i) licensing, sublicensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any technology, intellectual property, other IP Rights or other general intangibles of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or that is immaterial; and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of IP Rights, or issuance or registration, or applications for issuance or registration, of IP Rights, which, in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or are no longer economically practicable or commercially reasonable to maintain; (u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions and Banking Services; (v) any Disposition of Equity Interests of, or sale of Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary (or a Restricted Subsidiary that owns an Unrestricted Subsidiary so long as such Restricted Subsidiary owns no assets other than the Equity Interests of such Unrestricted Subsidiary); (w) Dispositions of real estate assets and related assets in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with relocation activities for directors, officers, employees, 6 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW members of management, managers, partners or consultants of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; (x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any governmental authority or any applicable Requirements of Law (including the Dispositions of any assets (including Equity Interests) made to obtain the approval of any applicable antitrust authority in connection with any acquisition); (y) any merger, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic Subsidiary in the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia and/or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction; (z) any sale of equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold thereafter; (aa) [Reserved]; (bb) any sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower; (cc) any Disposition made in connection with any tax restructuring; (dd) any financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, including Sale and Lease-Back Transactions and asset securitizations permitted hereby; (ee) any Disposition of Equity Interests of a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement or other obligation with or to a Person (other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) from whom such Restricted Subsidiary was acquired, or from whom such Restricted Subsidiary acquired its business and assets (having been newly formed in connection with such acquisition), made as part of such acquisition and in each case comprising all or a portion of the consideration in respect of such sale of acquisition; (ff) any sale of property or assets, if the acquisition of such property or assets was financed with Excluded Contributions and the proceeds of such sale are used to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or Section 6.1(b)(iii); (gg) any Disposition of non-revenue producing assets to a Person who is providing services related to such assets, the provision of which have been or are to be outsourced by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries to such Person; (hh) other Dispositions (including those of the type otherwise described herein) involving assets having a Fair Market Value of not more than the greater of 20.0 million and 5.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Disposition); (ii) the issuance of directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals or other third parties as required by applicable law; (jj) any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition to effect the formation of any Restricted Subsidiary that has been formed upon the consummation of a Division; provided that any Disposition or other allocation of assets (including any equity interests of such Subsidiary) in connection therewith is otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement; and (kk) any transfer of properties or assets that is a maritime vessel sharing arrangement in the ordinary course of business, or entry by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower into one or more leases, charters, pool agreements or operations or service contracts with respect to any vessels. 

7 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW In the event that a transaction (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of a permitted Asset Sale (or constitutes a permitted exception to the definition of Asset Sale and would also be a permitted Restricted Payment or Permitted Investment, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, will be entitled to divide and classify such transaction (or a portion thereof) as an Asset Sale (or a permitted exception thereto) and/or one or more of the types of permitted Restricted Payments or Permitted Investments. Assignee : as defined in Section 9.6(c). Assignment and Acceptance : an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C. Assignor : as defined in Section 9.6(c). Auto-Extension Letter of Credit : as defined in Section 2.1(f)(iii). Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Banking Services : each and any of the following bank services: commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and/or otherwise in connection with cash management and Deposit Accounts. Bankruptcy Code : Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended. Bankruptcy Event : with respect to any Person, that such Person has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority; provided, however, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any agreements made by such Person. Bankruptcy Law : the Bankruptcy Code and any similar federal, state or foreign law for the relief of debtors. Base Rate : for any day, a rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day as determined by the Administrative Agent and (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 0.50 . Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, as the case may be. 8 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Beneficial Ownership Certification : a certification regarding individual beneficial ownership solely to the extent required by 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). Board of Directors : with respect to any Person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers, board of directors, manager or managing member of such Person or the functional equivalent of the foregoing, (c) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors, board of managers, manager or managing member of a general partner of such Person or the functional equivalent of the foregoing and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. In addition, the term director means a director or functional equivalent thereof with respect to the relevant Board of Directors. Borrower : as defined in the preamble hereto. Borrower Materials : as defined in Section 9.2. Borrower Obligations : the collective reference to all obligations and liabilities of the Borrower (including interest, fees and expenses accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy (or which, but for the filing of such petition, would be accruing), or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post- petition interest, fees or expenses is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) to the Secured Parties, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, the Security Documents or the other Loan Documents, or any other document made, delivered or given in connection therewith, in each case whether on account of interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise. Business Day : any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and any day which is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions located in such state are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. Capital Stock : (1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; (2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; (3) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and (4) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person. Capitalized Software Expenditures : for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software, implementation costs of cloud computing arrangements and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Captive Insurance Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 

9 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Cash Equivalents : as at any date of determination, (a) United States dollars, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen, New Swedish Krona, Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs, any national currency of any member nation of the European Union, Yuan or such other currencies held by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (b) (i) readily marketable securities issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in each case having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof, (ii) readily marketable direct obligations issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by any foreign government or any political subdivision or public instrumentality thereof, in each case (other than in the case of such securities issued or guaranteed by any member nation of the European Union) having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody s or S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition thereof and (iii) repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating to any of the foregoing; (c) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the U.S., any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or any public instrumentality of any of the foregoing, in each case having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the acquisition thereof and having, at the time of acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (d) commercial paper having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and variable or fixed rate notes issued by any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) below; (e) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within 24 months after such date and overnight bank deposits, in each case issued or accepted by any commercial bank or other financial institution having capital and surplus of not less than 100.0 million in the case of U.S. banks or other U.S. financial institutions and 100.0 million (or the dollar equivalent thereof as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks and other non-U.S. financial institutions and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) above; (g) marketable short-term money market and similar highly liquid funds having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moody s or S P, respectively (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (h) investments with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P or Aaa3 (or 10 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (i) Indebtedness or Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating of at least A from S P or at least A2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such fund, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; (j) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (i) above, (ii) net assets of not less than 100.0 million and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such fund, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (k) instruments equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (j) above and clauses (l) and (m) below comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to in such clauses and customarily used by companies for cash management purposes in any jurisdiction outside the U.S. in which any Subsidiary operates; (l) investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in money market investment programs that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or that are administered by financial institutions meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) above and, in either case, the portfolios of which are limited such that substantially all of such investments are of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through (k) of this definition; (m) investment funds investing at least 90.0 of their assets in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (l) above; (n) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law; and (o) (i) investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (n) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (ii) other investments utilized by any Foreign Subsidiary and customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for cash management purposes that are analogous to the investments described in clauses (a) through (n) above and in clause (i) of this clause (o). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies other than those set forth in clause (a) above; provided that such amounts are converted into any currency listed in clause (a) as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten Business Days following the receipt of such amounts. For the avoidance of doubt, any items identified as Cash Equivalents under this definition will be deemed to be Cash Equivalents under this Agreement regardless of the treatment of such items under GAAP. Change in Law : the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign 

11 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. Change of Control : the occurrence of one or more of the following events after the Closing Date: (1) the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one or more Permitted Holders; or (2) the Borrower becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Equity Interests of the Borrower (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), other than the Permitted Holders, in a single transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination or purchase, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) representing more than 50.0 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Borrower, unless the Permitted Holders otherwise have the right (pursuant to contract, proxy or otherwise), directly or indirectly, to designate, nominate or appoint directors having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition or any provision of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, (i) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock (x) to be acquired by such Person or group pursuant to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement or (y) solely as a result of veto or approval rights in any joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement, investor rights agreement or other similar agreement, (ii) if any group (other than a Permitted Holder) includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of the Borrower owned, directly or indirectly, by any Permitted Holders that are part of such group shall not be treated as being beneficially owned by such group or any other member of such group for purposes of determining whether a Change of Control has occurred, (iii) a Person or group (other than Permitted Holders) will not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of Equity Interests or other securities of such other Person s parent (or related contractual rights) unless it owns more than 50.0 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such Person s parent and (iv) the right to acquire Voting Stock (so long as such Person does not have the right to direct the voting of the Voting Stock subject to such right) or any veto power in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Voting Stock will not cause a party to be a beneficial owner. Charge : any fee, loss, charge, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind (in each case, if applicable, as defined under GAAP). Closing Date : July 16, 2021. Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral : all of the assets and property of the Borrower or any Guarantor, whether real, personal or mixed, securing or purported to secure any Obligations (including the Collateral Account), other than Excluded Assets. Collateral Account : is the deposit account with account number 182931 at the Account Bank in the name of the Borrower governed by the terms and conditions of the Deposit Agreement and into which cash shall be deposited to support the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. Common Representative : as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. 12 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Commonly Controlled Entity : an entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA or is part of a group that includes the Borrower and that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. Compliance Certificate : a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. Consolidated EBITDA : with respect to any Person for any Test Period, the sum of: (a) Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period; plus (b) without duplication and, other than with respect to clauses (b)(vii), (xiii) and (xv) of this definition of Consolidated EBITDA , to the extent already deducted (and not added back) or not included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts: (i) Fixed Charges and, to the extent not reflected in such Fixed Charges, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, and bank and letter of credit fees, debt rating monitoring fees and costs of surety, performance or completion bonds, together with items excluded from the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense pursuant to clauses (a) through (n) thereof; (ii) taxes paid and any provision for taxes, including income, capital, profit, revenue, federal, state, foreign, provincial, franchise, unitary, excise and similar taxes, property taxes, foreign withholding taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added taxes (including (x) penalties and interest related to any such tax or arising from any tax examination, (y) pursuant to any tax sharing arrangement or as a result of any tax distribution and (z) in respect of repatriated funds) of such Person paid or accrued during such period, any net tax expense associated with any adjustment made pursuant to clauses (a) through (w) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income (iii) (A) depreciation and (B) amortization (including capitalized fees and costs, including in respect of any Permitted Receivables Financing, and amortization of goodwill, software, internal labor costs, deferred financing fees or costs, original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par and other debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, other intangible assets (including intangible assets established through purchase accounting of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP), customer acquisition costs, capitalized expenditures (including Capitalized Software Expenditures) and incentive payments, conversion costs, and contract acquisition costs); (iv) any non-cash Charge (provided that (x) to the extent that any such non- cash Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any potential cash item in any future period, (A) such Person may elect not to add back such non-cash Charge in the current period and (B) to the extent such Person elects to add back such non-cash Charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA (as a deduction in calculating net income or otherwise) to such extent in such period and (y) any non-cash Charge representing amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid and not expensed in a prior period, except for non-cash Charges in respect of prepaid installation and construction Charges, shall be excluded); (v) (A) any Charge incurred as a result of, in connection with or pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option plan, phantom equity plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any severance agreement, any pension plan (including any post-employment benefit scheme to which the relevant pension trustee has agreed), any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, any employee benefit trust, any employee benefit scheme or any similar equity plan or agreement (including any deferred compensation arrangement), including any payment made to option holders in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to, or 

13 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW share repurchase from, a shareholder, which payments are being made to compensate option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution or share repurchase and (B) any Charge incurred in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Equity Interests held by directors, officers, managers and/or employees (or any Immediate Family Member thereof) of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (vi) [Reserved]; (vii) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Net Income for such period attributable to non-controlling interests and/or minority interests of third parties in any non-Wholly- Owned Subsidiary, excluding cash distributions in respect thereof to the extent already included in Consolidated Net Income; (viii) the amount of any contingent payments in connection with the licensing of intellectual property or other assets; (ix) [Reserved]; (x) the amount of fees, Charges, expense reimbursements and indemnities paid to directors; (xi) the amount of any Charge incurred or accrued in connection with sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; (xii) any net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715, and any other items of a similar nature; (xiii) adjustments permitted or required by Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act; (xiv) expenses consisting of internal software development costs that are expensed during the period but could have been capitalized under alternative accounting policies in accordance with GAAP; and (xv) with respect to any joint venture that is not a Subsidiary of the Borrower or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting, an amount equal to the proportion of those items described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above relating to such joint venture corresponding to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries proportionate share of such joint venture s Consolidated Net Income (determined as if such joint venture were a Restricted Subsidiary), except to the extent such joint venture s Consolidated Net Income is excluded from such Person s Consolidated Net Income; plus (c) without duplication and to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, cash actually received (or any netting arrangement resulting in reduced cash expenditures) during such period, so long as the non-cash gain relating to the relevant cash receipt or netting arrangement was deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (f) below for any previous period and not added back; plus (d) without duplication, the amount of run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions, synergies and operating improvements (including the entry into or termination of material contracts (including Customer Contracts) and arrangements) (collectively, Run Rate Benefits related to any acquisition, Investment, disposition, incurrence, repayment or refinancing of Indebtedness, Restricted Payment, Subsidiary designation, operating improvement, tax restructuring or other restructuring, cost savings initiative and/or any similar transaction or initiative (any such operating improvement, restructuring, cost savings initiative or other transaction, action or initiative, a Run Rate 14 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Initiative projected by the Borrower in good faith, including as a result of any alternative arrangements projected by the Borrower in good faith to be available, to be realized as a result of actions that have been taken or initiated (or with respect to which substantial steps have been taken or initiated) or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Borrower), including any cost savings, expenses and Charges (including restructuring and integration charges) in connection with, or incurred by or on behalf of, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries within 24 months after such Run Rate Initiative (which Run Rate Benefits shall be added to Consolidated EBITDA until fully realized and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such Run Rate Benefits had been realized on the first day of the relevant period), in each case net of the amount of actual benefits realized from such actions; provided that (A) such cost savings are reasonably identifiable (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not permitted to be added back under the rules and regulations of the SEC) and (B) no Run Rate Benefits shall be added pursuant to this clause (d) to the extent duplicative of any Charges relating to such Run Rate Benefits that increased Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof (it being understood and agreed that run rate shall mean the full recurring benefit that is associated with any action taken or initiated or that is expected to be taken); plus (e) (i) the aggregate amount of run rate income that would have been earned pursuant to Customer Contracts entered into on or prior to the last day of such period (net of actual income earned pursuant to such Customer Contracts during such period) as estimated by the Borrower in good faith as if such Customer Contract had been entered into at the beginning of such period and determined assuming the contracted pricing for such Customer Contract was applicable (at the highest contracted rate and calculated based on assumed volumes, costs and margin determined by the Borrower to be a reasonable good faith estimate of the actual volumes and costs associated with such Customer Contract) during the entire Test Period, less (ii) any actual income earned under any Customer Contract that was cancelled or otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms during such period, or for which the Borrower has received notice that such cancellation or termination will occur; minus (f) without duplication, any amount that, in the determination of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been included for any non-cash income or non-cash gain, all as determined in accordance with GAAP (provided that if any non-cash income or non-cash gain represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of potential cash items in any future period, such Person may determine not to deduct the relevant non-cash gain or income in the then-current period); minus (g) without duplication, the amount of any cash payment made during such period in respect of any non-cash accrual, reserve or other non-cash Charge that is accounted for in a prior period and that was added to Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower to determine Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower for such prior period and that does not otherwise reduce such Consolidated Net Income for the current period. Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period shall be calculated on a pro forma basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, following consummation of the 2024 Financing Transactions, (i) proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole shall not be included in Consolidated EBITDA and (ii) the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the Brazilian Assets shall be included in Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of calculation of any applicable financial covenant in Section 6.10. Consolidated First Lien Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt of such Person outstanding on such date (a) that constitutes Obligations or Secured Notes Obligations or (b) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that does not rank junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any obligation with respect to a Financing Lease of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary secured by Liens on the assets subject thereto). 

15 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Annualized EBITDA, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated Interest Expense : cash interest expense (including that attributable to Financing Leases), net of cash interest income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt, including all commissions, discounts and other cash fees and Charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs (less net cash payments in connection therewith) under Specified Hedge Agreements and any Restricted Payments on account of Disqualified Stock made pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(xiv), but in any event excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par, amortization of deferred financing costs, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-cash interest expense and any capitalized interest, whether paid or accrued (including as a result of the effects of purchase accounting or pushdown accounting), (b) any capitalized interest, whether paid in cash or otherwise, and any other non-cash interest expense, whether paid in cash or accrued, (c) any one-time cash costs associated with breakage in respect of Hedge Agreements for interest rates, (d) commissions, discounts, yield, make-whole premium and other fees and Charges (including any interest expense) incurred in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing, (e) all non-recurring interest expense or additional interest , special interest or liquidated damages for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (f) any interest expense attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto and with respect to any acquisition or Investment, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (g) any payments with respect to make-whole premiums or other breakage costs of any Indebtedness, (h) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (i) accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (j) [Reserved], (k) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization or purchase accounting, (l) any expensing of bridge, arrangement, structuring, commitment or other financing fees or closing payments related to any transaction on or after the Issue Date, (m) any lease, rental or other expense, in connection with Non-Financing Lease Obligations or (n) annual agency or similar fees paid to the administrative agents, collateral agents and other agents under any Credit Facility. For purposes of this definition, interest on obligations in respect of Financing Leases shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligations in accordance with GAAP (or, if not implicit, as otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP). Consolidated Liquidity : as of any date of determination, an amount determined for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, equal to the sum of (i) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such day and (ii) the amount by which the Aggregate Commitments (as defined in the Credit Agreement) exceed the Aggregate Revolving Exposure (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as of such day. Consolidated Net Income : with respect to any Person (the Subject Person for any Test Period, an amount equal to the net income (loss), determined in accordance with GAAP, attributable to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, but excluding (and excluding the effect of), without duplication: (a) (i) the income of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has an interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including 16 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment) paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (or to the extent converted into cash or into Cash Equivalents) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has an interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period; (b) [Reserved]; (c) any gain or Charge from (A) any extraordinary or exceptional items and/or (B) any non-recurring or unusual item (including any non-recurring or unusual accruals or reserves in respect of any extraordinary, exceptional, non-recurring or unusual items) and/or (C) any Charge associated with and/or payment of any actual or prospective legal settlement, fine, judgment or order; (d) any Charge attributable to the development, undertaking and/or implementation of any Run Rate Initiatives (including in connection with any integration, restructuring, strategic initiative or transition, any reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses, any facility/location opening and/or pre-opening, any inventory optimization program and/or any curtailment), any business optimization Charge (including related to rate changes, new product or service introductions and other strategic or cost savings initiatives), any duplicative running costs, any restructuring Charge (including any Charge relating to any tax restructuring and/or acquisitions and adjustments to existing reserves and whether or not classified as a restructuring expense on the consolidated financial statements), any Charge relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility or location and/or discontinued operations (including severance, rent termination costs, contract termination costs, moving costs and legal costs), any systems implementation Charge, any severance Charge, any Charge relating to entry into a new market, any Charge relating to any strategic initiative (including any multi-year strategic initiative), any signing Charge, any retention or completion bonus, any other recruiting, signing and retention Charges, any expansion and/or relocation Charge, any Charge associated with any curtailments or modification to any pension and post-retirement employee benefit plan (including any settlement of pension liabilities and charges resulting from changes in estimates, valuations and judgments thereof), any software or other intellectual property development Charge, any Charge associated with new systems design, any implementation Charge, any startup Charge, any Charge in connection with new operations, any consulting Charge and/or any business development Charge; (e) Transaction Costs; (f) any Charge (including any transaction or retention bonus or similar payment or any amortization thereof for such period) incurred in connection with the consummation of any transaction (including any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed), including any issuance or offering of Equity Interests, any disposition, any spin-off transaction, any recapitalization, any acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation, any option buyout or any incurrence, repayment, refinancing, amendment, termination or modification of Indebtedness (including any amortization or write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties) or any similar transaction and/or any Investment, including any acquisition, and/or growth capital expenditure including, in each case, any earn-out or other contingent consideration obligation expense or purchase price adjustment, integration expense or nonrecurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transactions, in each case whether or not successful (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the effects of expensing all transaction- related expenses in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805 and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 460) and any adjustments of any of the foregoing, including such Charges related to (i) the Transactions and (ii) any amendment, termination or other modification of the Notes or other Indebtedness; 

17 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (g) the amount of any Charge that is actually reimbursed (or reimbursable by one or more third parties pursuant to indemnification or reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance); provided that the relevant Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such Charge within the next four fiscal quarters (it being understood that to the extent any reimbursement amount is not actually received within such four fiscal quarters, such reimbursement amount shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the next succeeding fiscal quarter); (h) any net gain or Charge (less all fees and expenses chargeable thereto) with respect to (i) any disposed, abandoned, divested and/or discontinued asset, property or operation (including asset retirement costs, but other than (A) at the option of the Borrower, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof and (B) dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business), (ii) any location that has been closed during such period and/or (iii) any returned or surplus assets outside the ordinary course of business; (i) any net income or Charge that is established, adjusted and/or incurred, as applicable, and attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, any Hedge Agreement or other derivative instrument (including deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid); (j) any Charge that is established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, within 24 months of the closing of any acquisition or other Investment, in each case, in accordance with GAAP (including any adjustment of estimated payouts on existing earn-outs) or changes as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period; (k) (i) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the relevant Person and its Subsidiaries) resulting from the application of acquisition method, purchase and/or recapitalization accounting in relation to any consummated acquisition or similar transaction or recapitalization accounting or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes including adjustments in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, lease, software, goodwill, intangible asset, in-process research and development, Deferred Revenue, advanced billing and debt line items thereof) and/or (ii) at the election of the Borrower with respect to any fiscal quarter, and subject to the last paragraph of the definition of GAAP , the cumulative effect of any change in accounting principles or standards (effected by way of either a cumulative effect adjustment or a retroactive application, in each case, in accordance with GAAP) and/or any change resulting from the adoption or modification of accounting principles, standards and/or policies (including any impact resulting from an election by the Borrower to apply IFRS or other accounting changes) and any costs, charges, losses, fees or expenses in connection with the implementation or tracking of such changes or modifications; (l) (i) any compensation Charge and/or any other Charge arising from the granting, rollover, acceleration or payment of any stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards and similar awards or arrangements (including with respect to any profits interest relating to membership interests or partnership interests in any limited liability company or partnership, and including any stock option, profits interest, restricted stock or equity incentive payments) and the granting, rollover, acceleration or payment of any stock appreciation or similar right, management equity plan, employee benefit plan or agreement, stock option plan and/or similar arrangement (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such stock option, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement) and (ii) payments made to option, phantom equity or profits interests holders of such Person in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution made to equity holders of such Person, which payments are being made to compensate such option, phantom equity or profits interests holders as though they were equity holders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, including any cash consideration for any repurchase of equity, in each case, to the extent permitted under this Agreement (including expenses relating to distributions made to equity holders of such Person resulting from the application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718); 18 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (m) amortization of intangible assets; (n) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, leased right of use assets and investments in debt and equity securities); (o) solely for the purpose of determining the amount available under clause (2)(B) of Section 6.1(a), the net income in such period of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Guarantor) that, as of the date of determination, is subject to any restriction on its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions, directly or indirectly, by operation of its organizational documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order or Requirements of Law applicable thereto (other than (A) any restriction that has been waived or otherwise released, (B) any restriction set forth in this Agreement, similar restrictions (or other customary restrictions, as determined in good faith by the Borrower) set forth in any Credit Facilities or other Indebtedness and any restriction set forth in the documents relating to any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing and/or (C) restrictions arising pursuant to other agreements or instruments if the encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such agreement or instrument taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to Issuing Bank than the encumbrances and restrictions contained in this Agreement or any Credit Facilities or other Indebtedness contemplated by the preceding clause (B) (as determined by the Borrower in good faith)); it being understood and agreed that Consolidated Net Income will be increased by the amount of any payments made in cash (or converted into cash) or in Cash Equivalents to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Restricted Subsidiary that is subject to the relevant restriction) in respect of any such income; (p) (i) any realized or unrealized gain or loss in respect of (A) any obligation under any Hedge Agreement as determined in accordance with GAAP and/or (B) any other derivative instrument pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815-Derivatives and Hedging or any other financial instrument pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825 and (ii) any realized or unrealized foreign currency exchange gain or loss (including any currency remeasurement of Indebtedness or other balance sheet items), any net gain or loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk associated with the foregoing or any other currency related risk and any gain or loss resulting from revaluation of intercompany balances (including Indebtedness and other balance sheet items); (q) any deferred tax expense associated with any tax deduction or net operating loss arising as a result of the Transactions, or the release of any valuation allowance related to any such item; (r) any reserves, accruals or non-cash Charges related to adjustments to historical tax exposures, including social security, federal unemployment, state unemployment and state disability taxes deducted in the calculation of net income during such period (provided, in each case, that the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated Net Income for the period in which such cash payment was made); (s) any accruals or obligations accrued related to workers compensation programs to the extent that expenses deducted in the calculation of net income exceed the net amounts paid in cash related to workers compensation programs in that period; (t) any net income or Charge attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts; (u) income or expense related to changes in the fair value of contingent liability in connection with earn-out obligations, purchase price adjustments and similar liabilities in connection with any acquisition or Investment; (v) any non-cash interest expense or non-cash interest income, in each case, to the extent that there is no associated cash disbursement or receipt; and 

19 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (w) effects of adjustments to accruals and reserves during a period relating to any change in the methodology of calculating reserves for returns, rebates and other chargebacks (including government program rebates). In addition, to the extent not already included in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Net Income shall include (i) the amount of proceeds received or due from business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace and reimbursement of expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification, insurance and other reimbursement provisions, including to the extent such insurance proceeds or reimbursement relate to events or periods occurring prior to the Issue Date (whether or not received during such period so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive the same within the next four fiscal quarters; it being understood that to the extent such proceeds are not actually received within the next four fiscal quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal quarters) and (ii) the amount of any cash tax benefits related to the tax amortization of intangible assets in such period. For the purpose of clause (2)(B) of Section 6.1(a) only, there shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income any income arising from the sale or other disposition of Restricted Investments, from repurchases or redemptions of Restricted Investments, from repayments of loans or advances that constituted Restricted Investments or from any dividends, repayments of loans or advances or other transfers of assets from Unrestricted Subsidiaries, in each case to the extent such amounts increase the amount of Restricted Payments permitted under such covenant pursuant to clause (2)(E), (2)(F) or (2)(G) of Section 6.1(a). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, following consummation of the 2024 Financing Transactions, (i) proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole shall not be included in Consolidated EBITDA and (ii) the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the Brazilian Assets shall be included in Consolidated Net Income for purposes of calculation of any applicable financial covenant in Section 6.10. Consolidated Secured Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt of such Person outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any obligation with respect to a Financing Lease of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary secured by Liens on the assets subject thereto). Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Annualized EBITDA, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated Total Assets : at any date, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date (assuming, for such purpose, that such Person s only Subsidiaries are its Restricted Subsidiaries). Consolidated Total Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (1) the aggregate principal amount of all third party debt for borrowed money (including letter of credit drawings that have not been reimbursed within ten Business Days and the outstanding principal balance of all Indebtedness of such Person represented by notes, bonds and similar instruments), obligations in respect of Financing Leases and purchase money Indebtedness (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) undrawn letters of credit, (b) Hedging Obligations, (c) all undrawn amounts under revolving credit facilities (except to the extent of any Elected Amounts) and (d) all obligations relating to Permitted Receivables Financings) and (2) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Disqualified Stock of such Person and all Preferred Stock of its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, with the amount of such Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock equal to the greater of their respective voluntary or involuntary liquidation preferences and maximum fixed repurchase prices, in each case of such Person 20 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date, on a consolidated basis and determined in accordance with GAAP (excluding, in any event, the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of purchase or pushdown accounting in connection with any acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction); provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall be calculated (i) net of all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date of determination and (ii) to exclude any obligation, liability or indebtedness of such Person if, upon or prior to the maturity thereof, such Person has irrevocably deposited with the proper Person in trust or escrow the necessary funds (or evidence of indebtedness) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of such obligation, liability or indebtedness, and thereafter such funds and evidences of such obligation, liability or indebtedness or other security so deposited are not included in the calculation of cash and Cash Equivalents. For purposes hereof, the maximum fixed repurchase price of any Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock as if such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock were purchased on any date on which Consolidated Total Debt shall be required to be determined pursuant to this Agreement, and if such price is based upon, or measured by, the Fair Market Value of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or senior management of such Person. Consolidated Total Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Total Debt outstanding as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Annualized EBITDA, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Contingent Obligations : with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness (the primary obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent: (1) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (2) to advance or supply funds: (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation, or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; or (3) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its Property is bound. Control : as defined in the definition of Affiliate. Control Agreement : the(i) prior to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the certain Control Agreement dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the ULCA Collateral Agent and the Account Bank with respect to the Collateral Account. (the Existing Control Agreement and (ii) following the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Control Agreement and each other account control agreement (or similar agreement or local law equivalent), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the ULCA Collateral Agent, executed by the applicable Loan Party, the Common Representative for the applicable Equal Priority Secured Parties and the relevant bank, securities intermediary or commodity intermediary, as applicable, party thereto, in each case, the purpose 

21 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW of which is to perfect a first priority Lien by control or, in the case of the Brazilian Assets, a junior priority perfected Lien by control. Control Investment Affiliate : as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person and (b) exists primarily for the purpose of making equity or debt investments in one or more companies. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise. Controlling Authorized Representative : as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Conversion to Approving Lenders Date : with respect to any Declining Lender Notice, the third (3rd) Business Day immediately after the date on which the Administrative Agent receives such Declining Lender Notice; provided that if the Administrative Agent receives a Declining Lender Notice (x) after the time specified in Section 2.1(k) or (y) on any day that is not a Business Day, in the case of each clause (x) and (y) the Conversion to Approving Lenders Date for such Declining Lender Notice shall be deemed to be the immediately succeeding Business Day. Covenant Holiday Trigger Event : each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (i) the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall have priced a transaction or received a binding agreement to receive gross proceeds of at least 300,000,000.00, in each case, from Indebtedness or other sources permitted or not prohibited by Section 6.3 and Section 6.7, from its existing or new senior lenders or investors on or before October 7, 2024; provided that, if any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to such binding agreement is secured by Liens on the Collateral, then such Liens must be permitted by Section 6.6 and the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) shall enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement (other than with respect to the Brazilian Assets, which shall be subject to an intercreditor agreement giving effect to Section 5.10(b), which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the ULCA Collateral Agent) or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral securing the Equal Priority Obligations, (ii) the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall have priced a transaction or received a binding agreement to obtain proceeds, in each case, sufficient to satisfy and discharge the 2025 Notes Indenture or exchange, repay, repurchase (and cancel), redeem, defease, satisfy or otherwise discharge in full the 2025 Notes such that there is no Indebtedness outstanding with respect thereto (other than contingent indemnification obligations which survive repayment and for which no underlying claim has been asserted) on or before October 7, 2024, (iii) the Borrower shall have received gross proceeds of at least 250,000,000.00 from an offering or sale of common (or preferred that will convert to common upon a shareholder vote but which shall not, at any time, allow any cash dividends or other distributions paid in respect thereof) Equity Interests of the Borrower on or before October 7, 2024, (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received, for the ratable benefit of the Fourth Amendment Consenting Lenders, a consent fee (the Amendment Consent Fee on or before October 7, 2024 in an aggregate amount (in Dollars) equal to 0.30 of the LC Limits of the Fourth Amendment Consenting Lenders as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, from which the Administrative Agent will pay to each Fourth 22 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Amendment Consenting Lender its ratable share of the Amendment Consent Fee promptly after receipt thereof by Administrative Agent, (v) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the conditions set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition have been satisfied and that as of the date of such certificate: (i) no event shall have occurred and be continuing that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default and (ii) the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof or thereof and (iii) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have Consolidated Liquidity in an aggregate amount not less than 100,000,000.00 pro forma for the transactions described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) and any use of proceeds received in connection therewith on or before the date of such certificate, and (vi) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, its legal counsel and the Financial Advisor (if any) payable pursuant to Sections 5.16 and 9.5 shall have been paid or caused to been paid by the Borrower to the extent invoiced on or prior to October 2, 2024. Credit Agreement : that certain credit agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, among the Borrower, as borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative agent and as collateral agent. Credit Event : each issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit (other than the issuance of the Existing LCs). Credit Facility : with respect to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, one or more debt facilities or other financing arrangements (including commercial paper facilities or indentures) providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, letters of credit or other Indebtedness, including any notes, mortgages, guarantees, collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals, restatements, refundings, replacements, exchanges or refinancings thereof, in whole or in part, and any financing arrangements that amend, supplement, modify, extend, renew, restate, refund, replace, exchange or refinance any part thereof, including any such amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated, refunding, replacement, exchanged or refinancing financing arrangement that increases the amount permitted to be borrowed or issued thereunder or alters the maturity thereof (provided that such increase in borrowings or issuance is permitted under Section 6.3) or adds Restricted Subsidiaries as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder and whether by the same or any other agent, trustee, lender or group of lenders, investors, holders or otherwise. Customer Contracts : contracts entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for the sale, lease and/or other provision of products, goods and services by the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary. date of determination : the applicable date of determination for the specified ratio, amount or percentage. Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio : as of any date of determination for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Total Debt to (y) the greater of (i) total capitalization 

23 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW calculated in accordance with GAAP and (ii) total capitalization calculated based on then-current stock trading price of the Borrower. Declining Lender and Declining Lenders : as defined in Section 2.1(k). Declining Lender Notice : a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit G. Default : any event that is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default; provided that any Default that results solely from the taking of an action that would have been permitted but for the continuation of a previous Default will be deemed to be cured if such previous Default is cured prior to becoming an Event of Default. Default Rate : with respect to all amounts, expenses, costs and fees, a per annum rate equal to (a) the Interest Rate plus (b) 2.00 . Defaulting Lender : subject to the last clause of Section 2.7, any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its participation obligation with respect to any Unpaid Drawing within two (2) Business Days of the date such obligation was required to be funded hereunder or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to participate in Letters of Credit hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to issuance (or, if applicable, modification) thereof (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be (or was not) satisfied), or (c) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (c) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to the last clause of Section 2.7) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender. Deferred Revenue : at any date, the amount set forth opposite the caption deferred revenue (or any like caption or included in any other caption, including current and non-current designations) on a consolidated balance sheet at such date; provided that such balance shall be determined excluding the effects of acquisition method accounting. Deposit Account : a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any investment property (within the meaning of the UCC) or any account evidenced by an instrument (within the meaning of the UCC). Deposit Agreement : the Deposit Agreement (Demand) dated as of the Second Amendment Effective DateJuly 25, 2022 by and between the Account Bank and the BorowerBorrower. Derivative Transaction : (a) any interest rate transaction, including any interest rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor), and any other 24 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange rate transaction, including any cross currency interest rate swap, any forward foreign exchange contract, any currency option, and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal and natural gas) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall constitute a Derivative Transaction. Designated Non-Cash Consideration : the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an Asset Sale that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount shall be reduced by the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to cash or Cash Equivalents). A particular item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration will no longer be considered to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise disposed of in exchange for, in each case, cash or Cash Equivalents in compliance with Section 6.4. Designated Preferred Stock : Preferred Stock of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock) that is issued for cash (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, the cash proceeds of which shall be excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (2) of Section 6.1(a). Designs : any and all and any part of the following: (a) all design patents and intangibles of like nature (whether registered or unregistered), all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith; (b) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof; (c) all income, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including damages, claims, and payments for past and future infringements thereof; (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements of the foregoing; and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. Disposition : has the meaning set forth in the definition of Asset Sale. Disqualified Institutions : (i) such Persons that have been specified in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date as being Disqualified Institutions , (ii) any Person who is a bona fide competitor of the Borrower, the Golar Target (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the Hygo Target (as defined in the Credit Agreement), or their respective Subsidiaries identified in writing to the Administrative Agent prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, as such list of bona fide competitors may be updated by the Borrower (by furnishing such updates to the Administrative Agent) from time to time hereafter or (iii) any affiliate of any Person identified in clause (i) or (ii) that is (a) identified in writing by the Borrower from time to time or (b) clearly identifiable as an Affiliate solely on the basis of the similarity of its name (other than bona fide debt funds that purchase commercial loans in the ordinary course of business, other than such debt funds excluded pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of this definition). Disqualified Stock : any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily 

25 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity Date of the Credit Agreement at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following such maturity date shall constitute Disqualified Stock), (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Stock, in each case at any time on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity Date of the Credit Agreement at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date of the Credit Agreement at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date of the Credit Agreement shall constitute Disqualified Stock) or (d) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash on or prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date of the Credit Agreement at the time such Capital Stock is issued; provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof requiring the issuer thereof to, or provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to, redeem or purchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change of control, any disposition, asset sale (including pursuant to any casualty or condemnation event or eminent domain) or similar event shall not constitute Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing), such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations and (B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or by any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower (or by any Subsidiary) shall be considered Disqualified Stock solely because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. Division : the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement that is established by the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of any of the foregoing Persons), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Dollars and : dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. Domestic Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary) that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. EEA Financial Institution : (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any 26 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country : (a) any of the member states of the European Union, (b) Iceland, (c) Liechtenstein and (d) Norway. EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Elected Amount : as set forth in Section 1.7(h). Electronic Signature : an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Environment : ambient air, indoor air, surface water, drinking water, groundwater, land surface, subsurface strata, sediments and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. Environmental Claim : any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order, or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law; (b) in connection with the presence, Release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials; or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat, or harm to the Environment. Environmental Laws : any and all Laws regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning pollution, protection or regulation of the Environment or human health or safety in connection with exposure to Hazardous Materials, as has been, is now, or may at any time hereafter be, in effect and including the common law insofar as it relates to any of the foregoing. Environmental Permits : any and all Permits required under, or issued pursuant to, any Environmental Law and including the common law insofar as it relates to any of the foregoing. Equal Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is equal in priority to the Liens on specified Collateral (but without regard to control of remedies) and is subject to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement (or such other intercreditor agreement having substantially similar terms as the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, taken as a whole). Equal Priority Collateral Agent : the Equal Priority Representative for the holders of the Equal Priority Obligations. Equal Priority ICA Joinder Agreement : that certain Other Equal Priority Joinder Agreement No. 1, dated as of the Closing Date, to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement by Natixis, New York Branch and acknowledged by U.S. Bank National Association, as 2025 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as 2026 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Initial Common Representative, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the Credit Facility Agent and each Loan Party. Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement : that certain intercreditor agreement with respect to the Collateral, dated as of April 12, 2021, among U.S. Bank National Association, as 2025 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as 2026 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Initial Common Representative, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as the Credit Facility Agent, each Additional Common Representative from time to time party thereto, and each additional Authorized Representative from time to time party thereto, and acknowledged by each Loan Party. 

27 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Equal Priority Obligations : collectively, (1) the obligations incurred pursuant to the Credit Agreement, (2) the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations (3) the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations and (4) each Series of Additional Equal Priority Obligations (including the Obligations). Equal Priority Representative : any Authorized Representative as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Equal Priority Secured Parties : collectively, (1) the 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties, (2) the 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties, (3) the secured parties under the Credit Agreement and (4) any Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties (including the ULCA Collateral Agent). Equity Interests : Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock. ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Erroneous Payment : as defined in Section 8.14(a). Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights : as defined in Section 8.14(a). EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default : any of the events or conditions specified in Section 7.1(a); provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. Excluded Accounts : (i) any accounts that are designated solely as accounts for, and are used solely for, employee benefits or taxes, (ii) any accounts that are designated solely as accounts for, and are used solely for, payroll funding obligations, (iii) any escrow account, trust or other fiduciary account solely used for purposes of transactions that are permitted under this Agreement, (iv) zero balance accounts to the extent any account to which the funds in such zero balance accounts sweep is subject to a Control Agreement and (v) any Deposit Account that would otherwise constitute an Excluded Asset, in each case of clauses (i) through (iv), only to the extent that such amounts deposited in such accounts are used solely for such purposes listed above. Exchange Act : the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Excluded Assets : the following: (a) any asset the grant of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited by any enforceable anti-assignment provision set forth in any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, (ii) violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement (in the case of clause (i) above, this clause (ii) and clause (iii) below, after giving effect to any applicable anti- assignment provision of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law) or (iii) trigger termination of, or a right of termination or any other modification of any rights under, any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement pursuant to any change of control or similar provision; it being understood that (A) the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause (a) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right, (B) the exclusions referenced in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall not apply to the extent that the relevant contract expressly permits the grant of a security interest in all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor and (C) the exclusion set forth in this clause (a) shall only apply if the contractual prohibitions or contractual provisions that would be so violated or that would trigger any such termination, right or modification under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above (x) existed on the Closing Date (or 28 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW in the case of any contract of a Subsidiary that is acquired following the Closing Date, as of the date of such acquisition) and were not entered into in contemplation of the Closing Date (or such acquisition) and (y) cannot be waived unilaterally by the Borrower or any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; (b) the Equity Interests of any (A) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (B) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (C) not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiary, (D) Receivables Subsidiary, (E) Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity or (F) Immaterial Subsidiary (other than NFE Shannon Holdings Limited); (c) any intent-to-use (or similar) trademark application prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use notice and/or filing with respect thereto; (d) any asset, the grant of a security interest in which would (i) require any governmental consent, approval, license, permit or authorization (collectively, Governmental Consents that has not been obtained (provided that, in the case of the Borrower s port lease in San Juan, Puerto Rico and the concession in respect of the Borrower s LNG regasification terminal at the Puerto Pichilingue in Baja California Sur, Mexico (the La Paz Facility Concession ), the Borrower has used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any Governmental Consents necessary to grant a mortgage or similar security instrument thereon), (ii) be prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, except, in each case of clause (i) above and this clause (ii), to the extent such requirement or prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding such requirement or prohibition; it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in clause (i) or clause (ii) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition or (iii) result in material adverse tax consequences to the Borrower or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by the Borrower, including as a result of the operation of Section 956 of the Code; (e) (i) any leasehold real property interests (other than the leasehold of property located at 6800 NW 72nd Street, Miami, Florida, or the leasehold interest relating to the LNG storage and regasification facility at the Port of Montego Bay, Jamaica) or concessions (provided that, in the case of the port lease in San Juan, Puerto Rico and the La Paz Facility Concession, the Borrower has used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any Governmental Consents necessary to grant a mortgage or similar security instrument thereon) and (ii) any fee owned real property that is not a Material Real Estate Asset or that is located in a special flood zone (and no landlord lien waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters shall be required to be delivered); (f) any interest in any partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that cannot be pledged without (i) the consent of one or more third parties other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under the organizational documents (and/or shareholders or similar agreement) of such partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or (ii) giving rise to a right of first refusal , a right of first offer or a similar right permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement that may be exercised by any third party other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with the organizational documents (and/or shareholders or similar agreement) of such partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; (g) (i) motor vehicles, tankers, marine vessels, ISO containers and other assets subject to certificates of title, other than any tankers or other marine vessels with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million, (ii) letter-of-credit rights not constituting supporting obligations of other Collateral and (iii) commercial tort claims with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) of less than 40.0 million, except, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i)- (iii), to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected solely by the filing of a UCC financing statement; 

29 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (h) any margin stock; (i) any cash or Cash Equivalents, Deposit Account, commodities account or securities account (including securities entitlements and related assets but excluding the Collateral Account and cash and Cash Equivalents representing the proceeds of assets otherwise constituting Collateral); (i) [reserved]; (j) any lease, license or other agreement or contract or any asset subject thereto (including pursuant to a purchase money security interest, Financing Lease or similar arrangement) that is, in each case, not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement to the extent that the grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or contract or purchase money, Financing Lease or similar arrangement or trigger a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law; it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include any proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in this clause (j) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition; (k) any asset with respect to which the Borrower and the Administrative Agent has reasonably agreed that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the Borrower or any Guarantor to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course of business) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs the benefit of a security interest to the Secured Parties of the security afforded thereby, which determination is evidenced in writing; (l) receivables and related assets (or interests therein) (i) disposed of to any Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing or (ii) otherwise pledged, factored, transferred or sold in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; and (m) any governmental licenses, permits or authorizations, or U.S. or foreign state or local franchises, charters or authorizations, to the extent a security interest in any such license, permit, franchise, charter or authorization would be prohibited or restricted thereby (including any legally effective prohibition or restriction) or where the effect thereof would be to limit or diminish the Borrower s or any Guarantor s ability to utilize such license, permit franchise, charter or authorization in the conduct of its business in the ordinary course. Excluded Contribution : the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents or the Fair Market Value of other assets received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Issue Date from: (a) contributions in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any amounts received from the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries); (b) the sale of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than (i) to any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, (ii) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan, (iii) with the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to clause (h)(i) of the definition of Permitted Investments or (iv) Designated Preferred Stock), including any addition to capital as a result of any consolidation, merger or similar transaction with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent designated as an Excluded Contribution and the proceeds of which have not been applied in reliance on Clause (2) of Section 6.1(a)(iv)(2)(B) or to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ii) or 6.1(b)(xxix)(1); and 30 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (c) dividends, distributions, other Returns, fees and other payments from any Unrestricted Subsidiaries or joint ventures or Investments in entities that are not Restricted Subsidiaries. Existing Notes : collectively, the 2025 Notes and the 2026 Notes. Existing Indentures : collectively, the 2025 Indenture and the 2026 Indenture. Existing LCs : collectively, the Letters of Credit existing on the Second Amendment Effective Date and described in Schedule 1.2. Existing Note Guarantees : collectively, the 2025 Note Guarantees and the 2026 Note Guarantees. Existing ULCA : as defined in the recitals. Extending Lender : as defined in Section 2.4(b). Extension Date : as defined in Section 2.4(a). Fair Market Value : with respect to any asset or group of assets on any date of determination, the value of the consideration obtainable in a sale of such asset at such date of determination assuming a sale by a willing seller to a willing purchaser dealing at arm s length and arranged in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time having regard to the nature and characteristics of such asset, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination will be conclusive (unless otherwise provided in this Agreement). FASB : the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. FCPA : as defined in Section 3.22(b). Federal Funds Effective Rate : for any day, the greater of (a) the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1 equal to the weighted average of the per annum rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with member banks of the Federal Reserve System as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for such day (or, if such rate is not so published for any day, the average rate charged to Issuing Bank on such day on such transactions as determined by Issuing Bank) and (b) 0 . Federal Reserve Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Fee Letters : collectively and individually, the Agent Fee Letter and any fee letter entered into between or among Borrower and one or more Lenders and/or Issuing Banks in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. FEMA Make Whole : the funds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary as an equitable adjustment related to the early termination of the Borrower s or any Subsidiary s contract to provide emergency power services to support Puerto Rico s grid stabilization project. Financing Lease : as applied to any Person, any obligation that is required to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not a straight-line or operating lease) on both the balance sheet and income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. At the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a financing or capital lease would be the amount required to be reflected as a liability on such balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP. Fitch : Fitch Ratings or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Fixed Amount : as defined in Section 1.7(c). 

31 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio : as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Annualized EBITDA to (b) Fixed Charges for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended, as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Fixed Charges : as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at any date of determination, on a consolidated basis, for any period, the sum of (without duplication): (1) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period; (2) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Preferred Stock of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made during such period; and (3) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Disqualified Stock of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made during such period. FLNG1 Assets : the natural gas liquefaction assets that are owned by the FLNG1 Subsidiaries and collectively comprise the natural gas liquefaction facility referred to by the Borrower as FLNG1 . FLNG1 Collateral : the FLNG1 Assets, Reinvested Assets and the Equity Interests of any FLNG1 Subsidiary and any proceeds arising out of the sale or disposition of such assets. FLNG1 Subsidiaries : (i) NFE FLNG 1 Issuer LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the direct parent of each other FLNG1 Subsidiary, (ii) NFE Pioneer 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns the natural gas processing unit, (ii) NFE Pioneer 2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns the natural gas liquefaction unit, (iv) NFE Pioneer 3 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which owns the staff accommodation and utilities infrastructure and (v) any other Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Guarantor and that has a direct ownership interest in the FLNG1 Assets or Reinvested Assets. FLNG2 Assets : the natural gas liquefaction assets (including all real and personal property rights, Material Project Documents, Permits, the onshore interconnection pipeline and proceeds of any insurance policies insuring such assets, but excluding any other pipeline) that are owned by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries and collectively comprise the natural gas liquefaction facility referred to by the Borrower as FLNG2 . FLNG2 Collateral : the FLNG2 Assets, Reinvested Assets and the Equity Interests of any FLNG2 Subsidiary and any proceeds arising out of the sale or disposition of such assets including, for the avoidance of doubt, any proceeds of insurance insuring such assets, other than Excluded Assets as set forth in the proviso in the definition of Excluded Assets. FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income : with respect to the FLNG2 Subsidiaries for any Test Period, an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries solely to the extent generated by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries from the FLNG2 Assets. FLNG2 Subsidiaries : (i) NFE FLNG2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the direct or indirect parent of each other FLNG2 Subsidiary, (ii) Mexico FLNG Onshore S. de R.L. de C.V., a sociedad de responsabilidad limitada de capital variable organized under the laws of Mexico, which owns the onshore interconnection pipeline, (iii) NFE Altamira Onshore, S. de R.L. de C.V., a sociedad de responsabilidad limitada de capital variable as organized under the laws of Mexico which leases the natural gas liquefaction assets from NFE FLNG2 LLC and (iv) any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that has a direct ownership interest in the Project, any FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets. 32 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Foreign Employee Benefit Plan : any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to for the benefit of the employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, but which is not covered by ERISA pursuant to ERISA Section 4(b)(4). Foreign Lender : any Lender that is not a U.S. Person. Foreign Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and any Restricted Subsidiary of such Foreign Subsidiary. Fortress : Fortress Investment Group LLC. Fourth Amendment : that certain Amended and Restated Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, by and among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto (the Fourth Amendment Consenting Lenders and the Administrative Agent. Fourth Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the Fourth Amendment. Fronting Exposure : at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to any Issuing Bank, such Defaulting Lender s aggregate Adjusted Pro Rata Share of the LC Exposure with respect all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, other than LC Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or cash collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. GAAP : at the election of the Borrower, (i) the accounting standards and interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time to time IFRS if the Borrower s financial statements are at such time prepared in accordance with IFRS or (ii) generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, as in effect from time to time; provided that (a) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (x) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification, International Accounting Standard or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (y) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification, International Accounting Standard or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and (b) any calculation or determination in this Agreement that requires the application of GAAP across multiple quarters need not be calculated or determined using the same accounting standard for each constituent quarter. For avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any classification under GAAP of any Person or business in respect of which a definitive agreement for the disposition thereof has been entered into as discontinued operations, the Consolidated Net Income and Consolidated EBITDA of such Person or business shall not be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA, respectively, until such disposition shall have been consummated. Governmental Authority : any federal, state, provincial, municipal, national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, authority, court, central bank, agency, regulatory body or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity, officer or examiner 

33 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state of the United States, the United States, or a foreign entity or government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Guarantee : the guarantee by any Guarantor of the Obligations. Guarantor : each Subsidiary of the Borrower that executes this Agreement as a guarantor on the Closing Date and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that thereafter guarantees the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (but excluding any Person released from its obligations hereunder pursuant to Section 9.20). Guarantor Obligations : all obligations and liabilities of each Guarantor (including interest, fees and expenses after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy (or which, but for the filing of such petition, would be accruing), or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization, examinership or like proceeding, relating to such Guarantor, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interests, fees or expenses is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) which arise under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case whether on account of guarantee obligations, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise,. Hazardous Materials : any material, substance, chemical, or waste (or combination thereof) that (a) is listed, defined, designated, regulated or classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive, dangerous, a pollutant, a contaminant, or words of similar meaning or effect under any Environmental Law; or (b) can form the basis of any liability under any Environmental Law, including any Environmental Law relating to petroleum, petroleum products, asbestos, urea formaldehyde, radioactive materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and toxic mold. Hedge Agreement : (a) any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person, whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, that are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Hedging Obligations : the obligations of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Hedge Agreement. IFRS : as defined in the definition of GAAP. Immaterial FLNG1 Maintenance Transactions : any Disposition of property that is (i) surplus, obsolete, damaged, worn out property or other property that is (x) no longer used or useful in the business, subject to the replacement of any damaged or worn out assets with working assets or (y) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain, in each case in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) subject to a casualty, eminent domain, expropriation, condemnation proceedings or other involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property, so long as, in the case of the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii), such Disposition does not have any material adverse impact to the aggregate value of the FLNG1 Assets or Reinvested Assets and will not impair the operation of the FLNG1 Assets or Reinvested Assets. Immaterial FLNG2 Maintenance Transactions : any Disposition of property that is (i) surplus, obsolete, damaged, worn out property or other property that is (x) no longer used or useful in the business, subject to the replacement of any damaged or worn out assets with working assets or (y) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain, in each case in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) subject to a casualty, eminent domain, expropriation, condemnation proceedings or other involuntary loss, 34 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW damage or destruction of property, so long as, in the case of the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii), such Disposition does not have any material adverse impact to the aggregate value of the FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets and will not impair the operation of the FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets. Immaterial Subsidiary : as of any date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than the FLNG1 Subsidiaries or FLNG2 Subsidiaries) (a) the assets of which (on a standalone basis, when combined with the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary s subsidiaries attributable to such Restricted Subsidiary s economic interest therein) do not exceed 3.0 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and (b) the contribution to Annualized EBITDA of which (on a standalone basis, when combined with the contribution to Annualized EBITDA of such Restricted Subsidiary s subsidiaries, after intercompany eliminations) does not exceed 3.0 of the Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower, in each case, as of the last day of or for the most recently ended Test Period on or prior to such date of determination. Immediate Family Member : with respect to any individual, such individual s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individual s estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs, legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. Increased Amount : as defined in Section 6.6(c). Increased Cost Lender : as defined in Section 2.6. Incremental Joinder Agreement means a joinder agreement entered into by any Person (including any then-existing Lender) under Section 2.8 pursuant to which such Person shall provide a Total LC Limit Increase hereunder and (if such Person is not then a Lender) shall become a Lender party hereto. Incremental LC Lender : as defined in Section 2.8(b). Incurrence-Based Amounts : as defined in Section 1.7(c). Indebtedness : as applied to any Person, without duplication: (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money; (b) all obligations with respect to Financing Leases; (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (d) any obligation of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) any earn-out obligation, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation, unless such obligation has not been paid within 60 days after becoming due and payable and becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and (ii) any such obligations incurred ERISA), which purchase price is (A) due more than 365 days from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof or (B) evidenced by a note or similar written instrument; (e) all Indebtedness of others that is secured by any Lien on any asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed by such Person or is non-recourse to the credit of such Person provided that the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of this clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby; 

35 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (f) letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings; (g) the guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another, other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; provided that the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of this clause (g) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness that is non-recourse to the credit of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby; (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any Disqualified Stock; and (i) all net obligations of such Person in respect of any Derivative Transaction, whether or not entered into for hedging or speculative purposes, other than those providing for the delivery of a commodity pursuant to forward contracts (any such Derivative Transaction pursuant to a Hedge Agreement, a Specified Hedge Agreement provided that in no event shall any obligation under any Derivative Transaction be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement; in each case, to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any third person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner and any unincorporated joint venture in which such Person is a joint venture) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable Requirements of Law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such Person s ownership interest in such Person, (A) except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provided that such Person is not liable therefor and (B) only to the extent the relevant Indebtedness is of the type that would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall not include, and shall be calculated without giving effect to, (x) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 or International Accounting Standard 39 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement) and (y) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amount that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement). For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall exclude (i) intercompany liabilities arising from cash management and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) any amounts payable or other liabilities to trade creditors (including undrawn letters of credit) arising in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, including any deferred or prepaid revenue, (iii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller, (iv) any obligations attributable to the 36 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto (including any accrued interest), (v) Indebtedness appearing on the balance sheet of the Borrower solely by reason of pushdown accounting under GAAP, (vi) accrued expenses and royalties, (vii) asset retirement obligations and obligations in respect of performance bonds, reclamation and workers compensation claims, retirement, post-employment or termination obligations (including pensions and retiree medical care), pension fund obligations or contributions or similar claims, or social security or wage taxes or contributions, (viii) accrued expenses or current trade or other ordinary course payables or liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including on an intercompany basis among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries), and obligations resulting from take-or-pay contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, and other liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits, (ix) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits and other accrued obligations (including transfer pricing), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (x) Non-Financing Lease Obligations or other obligations under or in respect of straight line leases, operating leases or Sale and Lease-Back Transactions (except to the extent resulting in a Financing Lease), any leases or rentals of equipment related to exploration, production and commercialization activities, including without limitation, leases or rentals of or related to drilling rigs, pipelines, supply boats and LNG carriers, FPSO (floating production storage and offloading) facilities, WHPs (wellhead platforms), TLWPs (tension leg wellhead platforms) and any other equipment or other assets, provided that such leases or rentals do not include a bargain purchase option, (xi) customary obligations under employment agreements and deferred compensation arrangements, (xii) Contingent Obligations, (xiii) obligations under any license, permit or other approval (or guarantees given in respect of such obligations) incurred prior to the Closing Date or in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (xiv) any liability for taxes and (xv) any land and port concessions. Indemnified Liabilities : as defined in Section 9.5(a). Indemnitee : as defined in Section 9.5(a). Independent Financial Advisor : an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing. Information : as defined in Section 9.14. Insolvency : with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. Intercreditor Agreements : any Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement and any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Interest Rate : the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. Investment : (a) any purchase or other acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any of the securities of any other Person (other than the Borrower or any Guarantor), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies and/or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or substantially all the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance or capital contribution (other than accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, intercompany loans among the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) or any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, member, partner, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures, in each case in the ordinary course of business, consistent with practice or consistent with 

37 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries) by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person. The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment (determined, in the case of an Investment made with assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, based on the net book value of the assets invested), minus any payments actually received by such investor representing a Return in respect of such Investment (without duplication of amounts increasing clause (2) of Section 6.1(a)), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment. If the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, sells or otherwise disposes of any Capital Stock of a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after giving effect thereto, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Person remaining after giving effect thereto shall not be deemed to be an Investment at such time. Investment Grade Assets : (a) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents), (b) debt securities or debt instruments with an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or advances among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (c) investments in any fund that invests at least 90.0 of its assets in investments of the type described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment or distribution and (d) corresponding instruments utilized by any Foreign Subsidiary and customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for high quality investments. Investment Grade Rating : a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P or Fitch or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any other nationally recognized rating agency. IP Rights : a license or right to use all rights in Designs, patents, trademarks, domain names, copyrights, software, Trade Secrets and all other intellectual property rights. ISP : International Standby Practices 1998 published by the International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of such Letter of Credit). Issuance Cap : with respect to the agreement of an Issuing Bank to consider the Borrower s requests to issue, amend or extend Letters of Credit hereunder, the maximum aggregate amount of outstanding LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (in its capacity as an Issuing Bank) as set forth on Schedule 1.1; provided, that Schedule 1.1 may be modified from time to time to increase or decrease the Issuance Cap of any Issuing Bank, in each case with the prior consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any such Issuing Bank; provided, further, that (a) the aggregate amount of outstanding LC Exposure shall be subject to Section 2.1(c) and (b) with respect to any Letters of Credit requested to be issued, amended or extended from and after the date any Issuing Bank becomes a Declining Lender, the Issuance Cap for such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to be zero. Issuance Period : the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the date that is thirty (30) days before the Maturity Date. Issue Date : September 2, 2020. Issuing Bank : (i) prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Issuing Bank meant Natixis, New York Branch and (ii) thereafter, each Person party hereto as an Issuing Bank hereunder as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, and each other Lender (if any) as the Borrower may from time to time select as an Issuing Bank hereunder pursuant to Section 9.6(f); provided that such Lender has agreed in writing to be an Issuing Bank. 38 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Joinder Agreement a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit B, duly executed by a Subsidiary made a party hereto pursuant to Section 5.10(a). Judgment Currency : as defined in Section 9.17(b). Junior Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, that such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Senior Priority Obligations and is subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement (it being understood that junior Liens are not required to rank equally and ratably with other junior Liens, and that Indebtedness secured by junior Liens may be secured by Liens that are senior in priority to, or rank equally and ratably with, or junior in priority to, other Liens constituting junior Liens). Junior Priority Collateral Agent : the Junior Priority Representative for the holders of any Junior Priority Obligations. Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement : an intercreditor agreement with respect to the Collateral, entered into by, among others, the ULCA Collateral Agent, the applicable Junior Priority Collateral Agent(s) and, if applicable, any other Equal Priority Collateral Agent(s), having substantially the same terms as those described in the Description of Notes Security for the Notes Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement section of the Offering Memorandum and other usual or customary terms reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent. Junior Priority Obligations : the obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having Junior Lien Priority relative to the Obligations; provided that such Lien is permitted to be incurred under this Agreement, and provided further, that the holders of such Indebtedness or their Junior Priority Representative shall become party to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Junior Priority Representative : any duly authorized representative of any holders of Junior Priority Obligations, which representative is named as such in a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or any joinder thereto. Law : all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, licenses, authorizations and permits of, any Governmental Authority. LC Application : an application for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit on the applicable Issuing Bank s standard form. LC Disbursement : a payment made pursuant to a Letter of Credit by the applicable Issuing Bank. LC Disbursement Date : the date of an LC Disbursement. LC Exposure : any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time and (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. With respect to any Lender, its LC Exposure at any time shall be its Pro Rata Share of the total LC Exposure hereunder at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits No. 600 or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices or similar terms in the governing rules or laws or of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Bank and the Lenders 

39 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursement under any circumstances with respect to such Letter of Credit. LC Limit : with respect to each Lender on any date, that portion of the Total LC Limit that such Lender has agreed, on an uncommitted and fully discretionary basis, to consider making available for participations in Letters of Credit hereunder in an aggregate amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1 under the caption LC Limit or, as the case may be, in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as such amount may be changed from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The LC Limit of any Declining Lender shall be deemed to be zero from and after the date such Lender becomes a Declining Lender. LCT Election : as defined in Section 1.6(a). LCT Test Date : as defined in Section 1.6(a). Lenders : the Persons listed on Schedule 1.1 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than any such Person that shall have ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance; provided, however, that Section 9.5 shall continue to apply to each such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance as if such Person is a Lender . Lender Notice Date : as defined in Section 2.4(b). Letter of Credit : any Existing LC or other letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. Letter of Credit Participant : with respect to any Letter of Credit, all of the Lenders other than (a) any Declining Lenders with respect thereto and (b) the Issuing Bank with respect thereto. Lien : any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or other security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Financing Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security; provided that in no event shall a Non-Financing Lease Obligation be deemed to constitute a Lien. Limited Condition Transaction : (i) any acquisition or Investment, including by way of merger, amalgamation, consolidation, Division or similar transaction, not prohibited by this Agreement, in each case whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing, (ii) any redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or refinancing of, any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, (iii) any dividend to be paid on a date subsequent to the declaration thereof or (iv) any Asset Sale or Disposition excluded from the definition of Asset Sale . Liquefaction Development Entity : (i) any Subsidiary of the Borrower, the principal operations of which are the construction, development, financing or operation of liquefaction facilities and (ii) one or more holding companies, the primary purpose of which is to hold the capital stock of any such entity, either directly or indirectly. LNG : natural gas in its liquid state at or below its boiling point at or near atmospheric pressure. Loan Documents : this Agreement, the Fee Letters, the Second Amendment Agreement and the Security Documents. Loan Parties : the collective reference to the Borrower and each Guarantor. 40 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Management Investors : the current, former or future officers, directors, managers and employees (and any Immediate Family Members of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries who are or who become direct or indirect investors in the Borrower. Material Adverse Effect : any circumstances or conditions that would have a material adverse effect on (a) the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the rights or remedies of the Secured Parties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (c) the business, assets, properties, liabilities or financial condition of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole. Material Intellectual Property means any Intellectual Property owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is material to the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Material Real Estate Asset : any fee-owned real estate asset owned by a Loan Party on the Closing Date, acquired by a Loan Party after the Closing Date or owned by any Person at the time such Person becomes a Loan Party, in each case, having a Fair Market Value in excess of 25.0 million as of the date of acquisition thereof (or the date of substantial completion of any material improvement thereon or new construction thereof) or if the owning entity becomes a Loan Party after the Closing Date, as of the date such Person becomes a Loan Party. Maturity Date : July 27, 2023, as such date may be extended from time to time pursuant to Section 2.4; provided that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, then the applicable Maturity Date shall be the immediately-preceding Business Day.1 Maximum Rate : as defined in Section 9.25. Moody s : Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Mortgage : any mortgage, deed of trust or other similar agreement made by a Loan Party in favor of the ULCA Collateral Agent or any Common Representative on any Material Real Estate Asset constituting Collateral. Multiemployer Plan : a plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA with respect to which the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has an obligation to make contributions or has any actual or contingent liability. Net Proceeds : the cash proceeds (including Cash Equivalents and cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received) in respect of non-cash consideration initially received) received by the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset Sale, net of (i) all fees and out-of- pocket expenses paid by (or on behalf of) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such event (including attorney s fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, underwriting discounts and commissions, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant, accountant and other customary fees and the amount of all transfer and similar taxes and the Borrower s good faith estimate of income or other taxes paid or payable (including pursuant to tax sharing arrangements or any tax distributions) in connection with such Asset Sale), (ii) amounts provided as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities under any indemnification obligation or purchase price adjustment associated with such Asset Sale (provided that to the extent and at the time any such amounts are released 1 In a letter dated June 26, 2024, the Administrative Agent confirmed that the Lenders unanimously agreed with the Borrower (pursuant to the Borrower s notice and request dated May 31, 2024) to the extension of the Maturity Date to July 24, 2025. 

41 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW from such reserve (other than in connection with a payment in respect of such liability), such amounts shall constitute Net Proceeds), (iii) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness which is secured by the asset disposed of in such Asset Sale and which is required to be repaid or otherwise comes due and is repaid (other than any such Indebtedness that is assumed by the purchaser of such asset), (iv) cash escrows (until released from escrow to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) from the sale price for such Asset Sale, (v) the pro rata portion of such Net Proceeds (calculated without regard to this clause (v)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as a result thereof, (vi) the amount of any liabilities (other than Indebtedness in respect of the Notes) directly associated with such asset and retained by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (vii) amounts required to be applied to the repayment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on Senior Indebtedness (other than any unsecured Indebtedness) required (other than required by Section 4.10(b) of the Existing Indentures) to be paid as a result of such transaction and (viii) any costs associated with unwinding any related Hedging Obligations in connection with such Asset Sale. Non-Consenting Lender : as defined in Section 2.6. Non-Defaulting Lender : at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. Non-Extending Lender : as defined in Section 2.4(b). Non-Financing Lease Obligation : a lease obligation that is not required to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease on both the balance sheet and the income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. For avoidance of doubt, a straight line or operating lease shall be considered a Non-Financing Lease Obligation. Non-Public Information : material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or their securities. Obligations : the collective reference to (a) the Borrower Obligations and (b) the Guarantor Obligations. Offering Memorandum : the Offering Memorandum dated August 19, 2020 relating to the offering of the 2025 Notes and as in effect on the Closing Date. Officer s Certificate : a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or on behalf of any other Person, as the case may be, that meets the requirements set forth in this Agreement. Organizational Documents : with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or similar documents) of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such Person, (v) in the case of any trust, the declaration of trust and trust agreement (or similar document) of such Person and (vi) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Other Connection Taxes : with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any LC Exposure or Loan Document). 42 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Other Taxes : all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.6). Participant : as defined in Section 9.6(b). Participant Register : as defined in Section 9.6(b). PATRIOT Act : the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). Payment Recipient : as defined in Section 8.14(a). PBGC : the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor). Pension Plan : a pension plan, as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to Title IV of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), and to which the Borrower may have liability, including any liability by reason of the Borrower s (a) being jointly and severally liable for liabilities of any Commonly Controlled Entity in connection with such Pension Plan, (b) having been a substantial employer within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or (c) being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under Section 4069 of ERISA. Permit : any permit, license, approval, consent, order, right, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction, decree, registration, notification, authorization, franchise, privilege, grant, waiver, exemption and other similar concession or bylaw, rule or regulation of, by or from any Governmental Authority. Permitted Asset Swap : the substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange, including as a deposit for future purchases, of Related Business Assets or a combination of Related Business Assets and cash or Cash Equivalents between the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person. Permitted Holders : (a) any of Fortress, the Management Investors and their respective Affiliates, (b) any Person who is acting solely as an underwriter or initial purchaser in connection with a public or private offering of Equity Interests of the Borrower, acting in such capacity, (c) any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) of which any of the foregoing are members and any member of such group; provided that, in the case of such group and any member of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, no Person or other group (other than the Permitted Holders specified in clauses (a), (b) or (d) of this definition) owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50.0 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower held by such group, and (d) any Permitted Plan. Permitted Investments : (a) cash or Investments that were Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Assets at the time made; (b) (i) Investments existing on the Closing Date in the Borrower or in any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) Investments made after the Closing Date in the Borrower and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (including, in each case, guarantees of obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries); (c) Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments, trade credit (including the creation of receivables) and/or other credits to suppliers or lessors, (ii) made in connection with 

43 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and/or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors, suppliers, lessors, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or, in the case of clause (iii), to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (d) Investments in joint ventures and Unrestricted Subsidiaries (with respect to each such Investment, as valued at Fair Market Value of such Investment at the time such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made); provided that the amount of such Investment (as so valued) shall not cause the aggregate amount of all such Investments made pursuant to this clause (d) and outstanding at the time of such Investment, after giving pro forma effect to such Investment, to exceed the greater of 100.0 million and 25.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, further however, that if any Investment pursuant to this clause (d) is made in any Person that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (b) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause (d); (e) Any Investment by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit, division or product line (including research and development and related assets in respect of any product): (i) in any Person or the Equity Interests of any Person who is engaged in a Similar Business and becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (and, in any event, including by redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or by means of a Division); or (ii) if as a result of such Investment, such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets (or such division, business unit, product line or line of business) to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, and, in each case, any Investment held by such Person; provided that such Investment was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation, Division, consolidation, transfer, conveyance or redesignation; (f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof in effect on the Closing Date (including as a result of the accrual or accretion of interest or original issue discount or the issuance of pay-in-kind securities) or as otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement; (g) Investments (including earn-outs) received in lieu of cash in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.4 or any other disposition of assets not constituting an Asset Sale; (h) loans or advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and/or any joint venture (i) to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower, so long as any cash proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Borrower for the purchase of such Equity Interests, (ii) for reasonable and customary business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes and (iii) for purposes not described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii); provided that after giving pro forma effect to the making of any such loan, advance or 44 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW guarantee, the aggregate principal amount of all loans, advances and guarantees made in reliance on this clause (h) then outstanding (measured as of the date such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made) shall not exceed the greater of 15.0 million and 5.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (i) Investments (i) made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contacts and loans or advances made to distributors in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or (ii) consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable, performance guarantees or Contingent Obligations or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (j) Investments consisting of (or resulting from) (i) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.3, (ii) Permitted Liens, (iii) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.1 (other than a Restricted Payment permitted under Section 6.1(b)(ix)) and (iv) Asset Sales permitted under Section 6.4 or any other disposition not constituting an Asset Sale (other than pursuant to clause (a), (b), (c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and (g) of the definition thereof); (k) Investments in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers; (l) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received (i) in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (iii) upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and/or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes; (m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation (including deferred compensation) to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower; (o) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary that is acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this clause (o) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except as otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement; (p) [Reserved]; (q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount (with respect to each such Investment, as valued at the 

45 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Fair Market Value of such Investment at the time such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made) then outstanding not to exceed: (i) the greater of 125.0 million and 35.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (measured as of the date such Investment is made, or at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made); plus (ii) in the event that (A) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes any Investment after the Closing Date in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and (B) such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, at the election of the Borrower, an amount equal to 100.0 of the Fair Market Value of such Investment as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the Borrower elects to apply the Fair Market Value of any such Investment (other than any Investment made pursuant to clause (q)(i)) in the manner described above in order to increase availability under this clause (q), then such Fair Market Value, and such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, shall not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or reduce the amount of outstanding Investments under the provision pursuant to which such Investment was initially made; (r) [Reserved]; (s) to the extent constituting Investments, (i) guarantees of leases (other than Financing Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (t) [Reserved]; (u) [Reserved]; (v) Investments in Subsidiaries of the Borrower in connection with internal reorganizations and/or tax restructuring entered into among the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries; 6.3(b)(xix); (w) any Derivative Transactions of the type permitted under Section (x) Investments consisting of the licensing of intellectual property or other works of authorship for the purpose of joint marketing arrangements with other Persons; (y) repurchases of the Existing Notes and any other Senior Indebtedness; (z) (i) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent that the same are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable Requirements of Law and (ii) Investments of assets relating to any non-qualified deferred payment plan or similar employee compensation plan in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (aa) Investments in the Borrower, any Subsidiary and/or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities and/or customary buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements, in each case, entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (bb) additional Investments so long as, after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio does not exceed 2.50 to 1.00; 46 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (cc) any Investment made by any Unrestricted Subsidiary prior to the date on which such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as the relevant Investment was not made in contemplation of the designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; (dd) [Reserved]; (ee) Investments in Receivables Subsidiaries required in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing (including the contribution or lending of cash and Cash Equivalents to Receivables Subsidiaries to finance the purchase of assets from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to otherwise fund required reserves); (ff) contributions to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees, directors, consultants, independent contractors or other service providers or other grantor trust (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (gg) to the extent that they constitute Investments, purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of inventory, supplies, materials or equipment or purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of other assets, intellectual property, or other rights or the contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint marketing arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (hh) intercompany current liabilities owed to Unrestricted Subsidiaries or joint ventures incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or in connection with cash management operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (ii) Investments made from casualty insurance proceeds in connection with the replacement, substitution, restoration or repair of assets on account of a casualty event; (jj) Investments to the extent required by applicable rules under the Exchange Act or by any governmental authority, including any Investment made in order to avoid early warning or notice requirements under such rules or requirements; (kk) [Reserved]; and (ll) any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is not prohibited by and is made in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.5 (except transactions permitted by Section 6.5(b)(iv)(1) by reference to Section 6.1 or this definition and Section 6.5(b)(xv) and (xix)). Permitted Liens : (a) Liens securing the Indebtedness incurred under the Credit Agreement and Indebtedness incurred under Credit Facilities permitted under Section 6.3(b)(i); including any letter of credit facility relating thereto, that was, at the time such Indebtedness is deemed to be incurred, not prohibited or deemed to be not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(i); (b) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges (i) which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or not yet payable or subject to penalties for nonpayment, (ii) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (iii) which are on property that the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has determined to abandon if the sole recourse for such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim is to such property or (iv) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

47 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (c) Liens (and rights of setoff) of landlords, banks, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens (including, without limitation, any maritime liens, whether or not statutory, that are recognized or given effect to as such by the law of any applicable jurisdiction) imposed by applicable Requirements of Law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than 60 days, (ii) for amounts that are overdue by more than 60 days or that are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Liens or those that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as any reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP have been made for any such contested amounts or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (d) Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (i) in connection with workers compensation, pension, unemployment insurance, employers health tax and other types of social security or similar laws and regulations or other insurance related obligations (including in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto), (ii) to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or completion bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations but exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) securing or in connection with (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance (including self-insurance) to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or otherwise supporting the payment of items set forth in the foregoing clause (i) or (y) leases or licenses of property otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement and use and occupancy agreements, utility services and similar transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and (iv) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above; (e) Liens consisting of survey exceptions, easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, and other similar encumbrances or minor defects or irregularities in title, in each case that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any lease of real estate entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) landlord lien not prohibited by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor or sublessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sublessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii); (g) Liens solely on any cash advance, earnest money or escrow deposits made by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment or disposition not prohibited under this Agreement; (h) Liens or purported Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements, including precautionary UCC financing statements, or any similar filings made in respect of (i) Non-Financing Lease Obligations or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and/or (ii) the sale of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (to the extent otherwise permitted herein) for which a UCC financing statement is required; 48 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; (j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building, land use or similar Requirements of Law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental authority by any statutory provision or by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to (i) control or regulate the use of any or dimensions of real property or the structure thereon that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order or (ii) terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit or to require annual or other payments as a condition to the continuation thereof; (k) Liens securing Refinancing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) (solely with respect to the permitted refinancing of (x) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(a) or Sections 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (x), (xi), (xiv), (xv), (xvii), (xviii), (xxi), (xxiii), (xxiv), (xxv), (xli) or (xlii) or (y) Indebtedness that is secured in reliance on clause (u) below (without duplication of any amount outstanding thereunder)); provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that did not secure the Indebtedness being refinanced, other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed to or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B) in the case of any property or assets financed by Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock or subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness, in each case, not prohibited by Section 6.3, the terms of which Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock require or include a pledge of after-acquired property to secure such Indebtedness and related obligations, any such after-acquired property and (C) the proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xiv) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its Affiliates) and (ii) if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the Borrower may elect to have the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank (I) if the Liens on the Collateral that secured the Indebtedness that was refinanced by such Refinancing Indebtedness ranked equal in priority with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Secured Notes Obligations or junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations or (II) if the Liens on the Collateral that secured the Indebtedness that was refinanced by such Refinancing Indebtedness ranked junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations, junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor agreement with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; (l) Liens existing on the Closing Date or pursuant to agreements in existence on the Closing Date and any modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension thereof; provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that was not subject to the original Lien, other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed to or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B) in the case of any property or assets financed by Indebtedness or subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness, in either case permitted under Section 6.3, the terms of which Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired property to secure such Indebtedness and related obligations, any such after-acquired property and (C) the proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xiv) provided by any lender may be cross- 

49 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its Affiliates) and (ii) any such modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, if the same constitute Indebtedness, is not prohibited by Section 6.3; (m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xxv) and customary security deposits, related contract rights and payment intangibles related thereto; (xviii), or (xxi); (n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xiv), (o) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xv) on the property or other asset the acquisition or Investment in which is financed thereby or on the Equity Interests and assets of the newly acquired Restricted Subsidiary or Liens otherwise existing on property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property or Equity Interests or other assets of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (including by the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary); provided that no such Lien (A) extends to or covers any other assets (other than (x) any replacements, additions and accessions thereto, any improvements thereon and any proceeds or products thereof, (y) after-acquired property to the extent such Indebtedness requires or includes, pursuant to its terms at the time assumed, a pledge of after-acquired property of such Person, and any replacements, additions and accessions thereto, any improvements thereon and any proceeds or products thereof, and customary security deposits in respect thereof and (z) in the case of multiple financings of equipment provided by any lender or its Affiliates, other equipment financed by such lender or its Affiliates, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition) or (B) was created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition of the Person, assets or Equity Interests; (p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and (D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit Accounts, (iv) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness in favor of the holders of such Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted under this Agreement, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction and (v) Liens consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a disposition permitted under Section 6.4, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien; (q) Liens on assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors (including Equity Interests owned by such Persons); (r) (i) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens not securing indebtedness for borrowed money that are granted in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with 50 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW industry norm and customary in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (s) [Reserved]; (t) [Reserved]; (u) other Liens on assets securing Indebtedness; provided that, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness and other obligations then outstanding and secured thereby shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 100.0 million and 25.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries provided that, if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the Borrower may elect to have the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; (v) (i) Liens on assets securing, or otherwise arising from, judgments, awards, attachments and/or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(6) and (ii) any pledge and/or deposit securing any settlement of litigation; (w) (i) leases (including ground leases and leases of vehicles, tankers and ISO containers), licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (and other agreements pursuant to which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has granted rights to end users to access and use the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s products, technologies or services), or which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) ground leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are located; (x) Liens on securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Permitted Investments or any Investment permitted under Section 6.1 arising out of such repurchase transactions and reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to pooling, commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and not for speculative purposes; (y) Liens securing obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments permitted under Section 6.3(b)(v), (vi), (viii), or (xxvii); (z) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale or purchase of any asset in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or any similar Requirements of Law under any jurisdiction); (aa) Liens (other than, if granted in favor of any Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor, Liens on the Collateral ranking on an equal or senior priority basis to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations) securing Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted 

51 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary and not prohibited to be incurred in accordance with Section 6.3; (bb) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; (cc) (i) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Person s accounts payable or other obligations in respect of documentary or trade letters of credit or banker s acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods, (ii) Liens on bills of lading, drafts or other documents of title arising by operation of law or pursuant to standard terms of agreements relating to letters of credit, bank guarantees and other similar instruments and (iii) receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory and proceeds thereof; and/or (xix); (dd) Liens securing obligations of the type described in Section 6.3(b)(vii) (ee) (i) Liens on Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (ii) Liens on Equity Interests of joint ventures securing capital contributions to, or Indebtedness or other obligations of, such joint ventures, (iii) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Equity Interests of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement and (iv) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; (ff) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, satisfaction, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; (gg) Liens consisting of the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (hh) Liens disclosed in any mortgage policy or survey with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset and any replacement, extension or renewal thereof; (ii) Liens on receivables and related assets incurred in connection with Permitted Receivables Financings; (jj) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC (or any comparable or successor provision) on the items in the course of collection and (ii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution or electronic payment service provider arising as a matter of law or under general terms and conditions encumbering deposits (including the right of setoff) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking or finance industry; (kk) security given to a public utility or any municipality or governmental authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with the operations of such Person in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (ll) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.3(b)(xxxix); (mm) other Liens on assets securing Indebtedness; provided that, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness then outstanding and secured thereby shall not exceed an amount such that (I) in the case of any such Liens secured by the Collateral that have Equal Lien Priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio does not exceed either (x) 3.00 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in 52 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction) or (y) solely if incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction, the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the incurrence of such Liens, in each case, calculated on a pro forma basis, (II) in the case of any such Liens secured by the Collateral that have Junior Lien Priority relative to the Liens securing the Secured Notes Obligations, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio does not exceed either (x) 4.00 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction) or (y) solely if incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the incurrence of such Liens, in each case, calculated on a pro forma basis and (III) in the case of any such Indebtedness that is secured by assets that do not constitute Collateral (assuming, for purposes of this clause (III) and future ratio calculations for so long as such Indebtedness remains outstanding, that such assets constitute Collateral), the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio does not exceed either (x) 4.00 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction) or (y) if incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the incurrence of such Liens, in each case, calculated on a pro forma basis; provided that, if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) shall enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Secured Notes Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor agreement with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; (nn) agreements to subordinate any interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any accounts receivable or other proceeds arising from inventory consigned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (oo) Liens relating to future escrow arrangements securing Indebtedness, including (i) Liens on escrowed proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness for the benefit of the related holders of debt securities or other Indebtedness (or the underwriters, arrangers, trustee or collateral agent thereof) and (ii) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents set aside at the time of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, in either case to the extent such cash or Cash Equivalents prefund the payment of interest or premium or discount on such Indebtedness (or any costs related to the issuance or incurrence of such Indebtedness) and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose; (pp) Liens securing the 2025 Notes (other than any 2025 Additional Notes issued after the Closing Date) and the related 2025 Note Guarantees; (qq) Liens securing the 2026 Notes (other than any 2026 Additional Notes issued after the Closing Date) and the related 2026 Note Guarantees; (rr) Liens with respect to any vessel for maritime torts with respect to damage resulting from allisions, collisions, cargo damage, property damage, conversion (wrongful possession), pollution, personal injury and death, maintenance and cure, and unseaworthiness, in each case, that are covered by insurance (subject to reasonable deductibles); and (ss) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary arising from vessel chartering, drydocking, maintenance, repair, refurbishment, the furnishing of supplies and bunkers to vessels or masters , officers or crews wages and maritime Liens, that, in the case of each of the foregoing, were not incurred or created to secure the payment of Indebtedness and that in the aggregate do not materially adversely affect the value of the properties 

53 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW subject to such Liens or materially impair the use for the purposes of which such properties are held by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. For purposes of this definition, the term Indebtedness shall be deemed to include interest on such Indebtedness. Permitted Receivables Financing : any Receivables Financing of a Receivables Subsidiary that meets the following conditions: (a) the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such Receivables Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (b) all sales of accounts receivable and related assets by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Receivables Subsidiary are made at Fair Market Value; and (c) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof shall be market terms at the time the Receivables Financing is first introduced (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and may include Standard Securitization Undertakings. Person : any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, governmental authority or any other entity. Platform : Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, DebtX or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. Post-Closing Actions : as defined in Section 5.12. Preferred Stock : any Capital Stock with preferential rights of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up. Prime Rate : the rate of interest per annum last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by Issuing Bank); and each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective as of the opening of business on the effective day of such change in the Prime Rate. pro forma basis or pro forma effect : with respect to any determination of the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA, Annualized EBITDA, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio, or Consolidated Total Assets (including component definitions thereof) or any other calculation under this Agreement, that each Subject Transaction required to be calculated on a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.7 shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets, as of the last day of such Test Period) with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which such calculation is being made and that: (a) (i) in the case of (A) any disposition of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary or any division, facility, business line and/or product line of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (B) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, income statement items (whether positive or negative and including any Run Rate Benefits related thereto) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made and (ii) in the case of any acquisition, Investment and/or designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary described in the definition of the term Subject Transaction , income statement items (whether positive or negative and including any Run Rate Benefits related thereto) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with 54 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made; it being understood that any pro forma adjustment described in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA may be applied to any such ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement solely to the extent that such adjustment is consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA , (b) any retirement, refinancing, prepayment or repayment of Indebtedness (other than normal fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes) shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made, (c) any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that, (i) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (ii) interest on any obligation with respect to any Financing Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by an officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP, (iii) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a Eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Borrower and (iv) interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period or, if lower, the maximum commitments under such revolving credit facility as of the applicable date of determination, and (d) the acquisition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets, whether pursuant to any Subject Transaction or any Person becoming a Subsidiary or merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or the disposition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets described in the definition of Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the last day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test, covenant or calculation for which such calculation is being made. Property : any right or interest in or to property of any kind whatsoever, whether real or immovable, personal or moveable or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, corporeal or incorporeal, including Equity Interests. Pro Rata Share : as to any Lender at any time, the percentage equivalent of the quotient (rounded to the ninth decimal place) obtained by dividing such Lender s LC Limit by the Total LC Limit. Public Lenders : as defined in Section 9.2(d). Qualified Capital Stock : of any Person means any Equity Interests of such Person that is not Disqualified Stock. Qualified Liquefaction Development Entities : (i) Bradford County Real Estate Holdings LLC, (ii) any Liquefaction Development Entity which is designated by the Borrower as a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity and (iii) any Subsidiary of a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity. 

55 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Receivables Fees : distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, any Receivables Financing. Receivables Financing : any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, contribute, convey or otherwise transfer to (a) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), and (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable and any Hedge Agreements entered into by the Borrower or any such Subsidiary in connection with such accounts receivable. Receivables Repurchase Obligation : any obligation of a seller of receivables in a Permitted Receivables Financing to repurchase receivables arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant or otherwise, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. Receivables Subsidiary : a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Permitted Receivables Financing with the Borrower in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower makes an Investment and to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower transfers accounts receivable and related assets) which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower and all proceeds thereof and all rights (contractual or other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Receivables Subsidiary and: (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings; (b) with which neither the Borrower nor any other Subsidiary of the Borrower has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the Borrower reasonably believes to be no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower; and (c) to which neither the Borrower nor any other Subsidiary of the Borrower has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Recipient : (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender, (c) any Issuing Bank or (d) Sole Lead Arranger, as applicable. 56 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Recovery Event : any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim (excluding the proceeds of business interruption insurance and any proceeds of property or casualty insurance which are paid directly to, or paid upon receipt by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries to, a third party loss payee) or any condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of Borrower or its Subsidiaries. Refinancing Indebtedness : as defined in Section 6.3(b)(xvii). Refunding Capital Stock : as defined in Section 6.1(b)(viii). Register : as defined in Section 9.6(c). Regulation D : Regulation D of the Board as in effect from time to time. Regulation T : Regulation T of the Board as in effect from time to time. Reimbursement Obligation : the Borrower s obligation to repay any LC Disbursements as provided in Section 2.1(e). Reimbursement Payment : a payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower in partial or complete satisfaction of a Reimbursement Obligation. Reinvested Assets : any assets into which the Net Proceeds from a Recovery Event relating to any FLNG1 Collateral and/or FLNG2 Collateral (including, in each case, other Reinvested Assets) have been reinvested or assets which have been acquired using such Net Proceeds. Related Business Assets : assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a Similar Business; provided that any assets received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be Related Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the securities of such Person, such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary. Related Fund : with respect to any Lender, any fund that (x) invests in commercial loans and (y) is managed or advised by the same investment advisor as such Lender, by such Lender or an affiliate of such Lender. Related Parties : with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Release : any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing, depositing, dispersing, emanating or migrating of any Hazardous Material in, into, onto or through the Environment, or from, into or through any structure or facility. Replacement Lender : as defined in Section 2.6. Reportable Event : any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the notice requirement is waived. Request for LC Activity : as defined in Section 2.1(d). Required Cash Level : at any time, the following amounts required to be on deposit in Dollars in the Collateral Account pursuant to Section 2.5: (a) prior to the date that is fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the then-current Maturity Date, 20 of the Stated Amount of each Letter of Credit (in addition to any amounts required pursuant to Section 2.5(b) or (d)); (b) if and when required pursuant to Section 2.5(b), an amount equal to the difference of (x) 102 of the LC Exposure with respect to all Letters of Credit issued and outstanding hereunder by such Issuing Bank (as determined at such time by the Administrative Agent) (after giving effect to such Credit Event described in Section 2.5(b)), in the aggregate, minus (y) such Issuing Bank s Issuance Cap; (c) from and after the date that is fifteen (15) 

57 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Business Days prior to the then-current Maturity Date, if any Letter of Credit is scheduled to remain outstanding on or after the then-current Maturity Date and the applicable Issuing Bank has not agreed to an extension of the then-current Maturity Date in accordance with Section 2.4, 102 of the LC Exposure (as determined at such time by the Issuing Bank) with respect to such Letter(s) of Credit as of the then- current Maturity Date; (d) if and when required pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(ii), the applicable amount specified in Section 7.1(b)(ii)(B); and (e) if and when required pursuant to Section 2.5(f), the applicable amount specified in Section 2.5(f). Required Lenders : at any time, Lenders holding more than fifty percent (50 of (i) the sum of Total LC Limit plus the aggregate amount of all then outstanding LC Exposure of all Declining Lenders or (ii) if all LC Limits have been terminated or otherwise reduced to zero, the aggregate amount of all LC Exposure then outstanding, in each case, plus (w) with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of Section 7.2, each Lender directly affected by such amendment, modification or waiver, (x) with respect to any waiver of all provisions in Section 5 and Section 6, each other Lender, (y) with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver of Section 9.20 as in effect on the Fourth Amendment Effective Date to the extent such amendment, modification or waiver would permit the release of Collateral or of any Subsidiary from a Guarantee, each other Lender directly affected by such amendment, modification or waiver and (z) with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver that (A) subordinates, or has the effect of subordinating, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or (B) subordinates the Lien of the ULCA Collateral Agent in all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, each other Lender. The LC Limit and LC Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time. Requirements of Law : with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any governmental authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer : with respect to any Loan Party, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, secretary, assistant secretary, board member or manager of such Loan Party, or any other authorized officer or signatory of such Loan Party. Restricted Debt Payments : as defined in Section 6.1(a). Restricted Investment : an Investment other than a Permitted Investment. Restricted Payments : as defined in Section 6.1(a). Restricted Subsidiary : at any time, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Person (including any Foreign Subsidiary) that is not then an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Upon the occurrence of an Unrestricted Subsidiary ceasing to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall be a Restricted Subsidiary . Unless the context otherwise requires, any references to Restricted Subsidiary refer to a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower. Return : with respect to any Investment, any dividend, distribution, interest, fee, premium, return of capital, repayment of principal, income, profit (from a disposition or otherwise) and any other similar amount received or realized in respect thereof. 58 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW S P : S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc., or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Sale and Lease-Back Transaction : any transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (a) sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of any property, real or personal, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and (b) as part of such transaction, thereafter rents or leases such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold, transferred or disposed of. Sanctions : as defined in Section 3.22(c). SEC : the Securities and Exchange Commission (or successors thereto or an analogous Governmental Authority). Second Amendment Agreement : that certain Second Amendment to the Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, and entered into by and among Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent the Issuing Banks party thereto and the Lenders party thereto. Second Amendment Effective Date : July 27, 2022. Secured Indebtedness : any Indebtedness secured by a Lien. Secured Notes Obligations : collectively, the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations and the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations. Secured Parties : a collective reference to the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks. Securities Act : the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Security Agreement : that certain Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors and the ULCA Collateral Agent. Security Documents : the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, the Ship Mortgages, theeach Control Agreement and any other security agreements relating to the Collateral securing the Obligations and the mortgages and instruments filed and recorded in appropriate jurisdictions to preserve and protect the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations (including financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of the relevant states), each for the benefit of the ULCA Collateral Agent. Senior Indebtedness : (a) all Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary outstanding under the Credit Agreement and the Existing Notes and related Existing Note Guarantees (including in each case interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding or for reorganization of the Borrower or any Guarantor (at the rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, regardless of whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such proceedings)), and any and all other fees, expense reimbursement obligations, indemnification amounts, penalties, and other amounts (whether existing on the Closing Date or thereafter created or incurred) and all obligations of the Borrower or any Guarantor to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under letters of credit, acceptances or other similar instruments; (b) the Obligations, and all (i) Hedging Obligations (and guarantees thereof) and (ii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Guarantor in respect of Banking Services (and 

59 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW guarantees thereof); provided that such Hedging Obligations and Indebtedness, as the case may be, are permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement; (c) any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement, unless the instrument under which such Indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations; and (d) all obligations with respect to the items listed in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c); provided, however, that Senior Indebtedness shall not include: (i) any obligation of such Person to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any liability for U.S. or foreign federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing by such Person; (iii) any accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) any Indebtedness or other obligation of such Person which is subordinate or junior in right of payment to any other Indebtedness or other obligation of such Person; or (v) that portion of any Indebtedness which at the time of incurrence is incurred in violation of this Agreement. Senior Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, that such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is senior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Junior Priority Obligations, including the Liens securing the Equal Priority Obligations, and is subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Senior Priority Obligations : (x) the Equal Priority Obligations and (y) any obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having a Junior Lien Priority relative to the Obligations with respect to the Collateral and having Senior Lien Priority relative to the Junior Priority Obligations; provided, that the holders of such Indebtedness or their Senior Priority Representative shall become party to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and any other applicable intercreditor agreements. Senior Priority Representative : any duly authorized representative of any holders of Senior Priority Obligations, which representative is named as such in a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or any joinder thereto. Series : (1) with respect to the Equal Priority Secured Parties, each of (i) the 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties (in their capacity as such), (ii) the 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties (in their capacity as such) (iii) the secured parties under the Credit Agreement and (iv) the Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties that are represented by a common representative (in its capacity as such for such Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties) and (2) with respect to any Equal Priority Obligations, each of (i) the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations, (ii) the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations (iii) the obligations incurred pursuant to the Credit Agreement and (iv) the Additional Equal Priority Obligations incurred pursuant to any applicable agreement, which are to be represented under the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement by a common representative (in its capacity as such for such Additional Equal Priority Obligations). Shared Collateral : at any time, Collateral in which the holders of two or more Series of Equal Priority Obligations hold a valid and perfected security interest at such time. If more than two Series of Equal Priority Obligations are outstanding at any time and the holders of less than all Series of Equal Priority Obligations hold a valid and perfected security interest in any Collateral at such time, then such Collateral shall constitute Shared Collateral for those Series of Equal Priority Obligations that hold a valid 60 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW security interest in such Collateral at such time and shall not constitute Shared Collateral for any Series that does not have a valid and perfected security interest in such Collateral at such time. Ship Mortgage : any mortgage, deed of trust or other similar agreement made by a Loan Party in favor of the Issuing Bank or any Common Representative, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, on any tanker or other marine vessel constituting Collateral. Significant Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Closing Date; provided that, solely for purposes of Section 7.1(a)(7), each Restricted Subsidiary forming part of a group is subject to an Event of Default under such clause. Similar Business : any business conducted, engaged in or proposed to be conducted by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business that is similar, incidental, complementary, ancillary, supportive, synergetic or reasonably related businesses or reasonable extensions thereof (and non-core incidental businesses acquired in connection with any acquisition or Investment or other immaterial businesses). Sole Lead Arranger : Natixis, New York Branch, in its capacities as sole lead arranger and documentation agent. Solvent : with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will exceed the debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, respectively; (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, respectively, on their debts and other liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (c) such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (d) such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged as such businesses are conducted on such date. Specified Hedge Agreement : as defined in clause (i) of the definition of Indebtedness. Specified Asset Sales : the sale of any of the following assets of the Borrower or a Subsidiary (i) the modular floating or on-shore natural gas liquefaction assets, referred to by the Borrower as Fast LNG or FLNG Projects 2-5, (ii) the LNG terminal and power plant located in Par , Brazil; (iii) the LNG terminal located on the southern coast of Brazil, (iv) the 100MW gas-fired modular power units at the Port of Pichilingue in Baja California Sur, Mexico and (v) the liquefaction facility in Miami, Florida; provided that for the avoidance of doubt the FLNG1 Collateral and the FLNG2 Collateral shall not be subject to any Specified Asset Sale. Standard Securitization Undertakings : representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and guarantees of performance entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower which the Borrower has determined in good faith to be customary in a Receivables Financing including those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Receivables Subsidiary, it being understood that any Receivables Repurchase Obligation shall be deemed to be a Standard Securitization Undertaking. Stated Amount : with regard to each Letter of Credit, the total amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit in accordance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. Stated Maturity Date : as defined in the Credit Agreement. Subject Lien : as defined in Section 6.6(a). 

61 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Subject Transaction : with respect to any Test Period, (a) the Transactions, (b) any acquisition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or the Capital Stock of any Person (and, in any event, including any Investment in (i) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture), in each case that is not prohibited by this Agreement, (c) any disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Capital Stock of any Subsidiary (or any facility, business unit, line of business, product line or division of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement, (d) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement, (e) any incurrence or prepayment, repayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or refinancing of Indebtedness, (f) the implementation of any Run Rate Initiative, (g) any tax restructuring, (h) [Reserved], (i) the entry into any Customer Contract and/or (j) any other event that by the terms of this Agreement requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a pro forma basis. Subordinated Indebtedness : (a) with respect to the Borrower, any Indebtedness of the Borrower which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, and (b) with respect to any Guarantor, any Indebtedness of such Guarantor which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of such Guarantor. Subsidiary : with respect to any Person: (1) any corporation, association, or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity) of which more than 50.0 of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; and which (2) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of (x) more than 50.0 of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or otherwise, and (y) such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity. For the avoidance of doubt, any entity that is owned at a 50.0 or less level (as described above) shall not be a Subsidiary for any purpose under the Loan Documents, regardless of whether such entity is consolidated on the Borrower s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries financial statements. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Successor Company : as defined in Section 6.9(a)(i). Successor Guarantor : as defined in Section 6.9(c)(i). Taxes : all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 62 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Terminated Lender : as defined in Section 2.6. Termination Conditions : collectively, (a) the payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than Unasserted Contingent Obligations) and (b) the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (except those that have been cash collateralized in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or, if the applicable Issuing Bank shall agree in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank). Test Period : (x) for any determination under this Agreement other than determining compliance with Section 6.10, the fiscal quarter then most recently ended for which financial statements are internally available and (y) for any determination of compliance with Section 6.10 (including calculation of any component of the ratios tested therein), the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower with respect to which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or Section 5.1(b). Third Amendment Effective Date : May 17, 2024 Total LC Limit : (i) initially, the aggregate amount of LC Limits of all Lenders in the aggregate (as such Total LC Limit may be increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.8), and (ii) from and after the first Conversion to Approving Lenders Date, the amount equal to the aggregate of each Approving Lender s LC Limit as of the date of determination. The initial amount of the Total LC Limit is 250,000,000. Total LC Limit Increase : as defined in Section 2.8(a). Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date : as defined in Section 2.8(c). Total Loss : as defined in Section 6.3(b)(xlii). Trade Secrets : any trade secrets or other proprietary and confidential information, including unpatented inventions, invention disclosures, engineering or other technical data, financial data, procedures, know-how, designs, personal information, supplier lists, customer lists, business, production or marketing plans, formulae, methods (whether or not patentable), processes, compositions, schematics, ideas, algorithms, techniques, analyses, proposals, software (to the extent not a copyright) and data collections. Transaction Costs : fees, premiums, expenses, closing payments and other similar transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions. Transactions : all the transactions (and any transactions related thereto) described in the definition of Transactions in the Offering Memorandum. Transferee : as defined in Section 9.14. Treasury Capital Stock : as defined in Section 6.1(b)(viii). UK Collateral Documents : each of (a) the English law governed share charge dated 13 August 2021 entered into between Atlantic Energy Holdings LLC, Fortress Investment Group (UK) Ltd and Natixis, New York Branch; (b) the English law governed debenture dated 13 August 2021 entered into between NFE International Holdings Limited and Natixis, New York Branch; (c) the English law governed debenture dated 23 March 2022 entered into between NFE UK Holdings Limited, NFE Global Holdings Limited and Natixis, New York Branch; (d) the English law governed share charge dated 23 March 2022 entered into between NFE International Holdings Limited, Fortress Investment Group (UK) Ltd and Natixis, New York Branch and (e) the English law governed debenture dated 13 September 2021 

63 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW entered into between NFE Mexico Terminal Holdings Limited, NFE Mexico Power Holdings Limited and Natixis, New York Branch. UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. ULCA Collateral Agent : as defined in the preamble; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any reference to the ULCA Collateral Agent prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date shall be deemed to be a reference to Natixis, New York Branch as Issuing Bank. Unasserted Contingent Obligations : at any time, Obligations for taxes, costs, indemnifications, reimbursements (including, prior to the date on which an LC Disbursement is made for any Letter of Credit, Reimbursement Obligations under such Letter of Credit), damages and other liabilities (excluding Obligations in respect of the principal of, and interest and premium (if any) on, any Obligation) in respect of which no assertion of liability and no claim or demand for payment has been made (and, in the case of Obligations for indemnification, no notice for indemnification has been issued by the indemnitee at such time). Uniform Commercial Code or UCC : the Uniform Commercial Code (or any similar or equivalent legislation) as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. Unpaid Drawing : as defined in Section 2.1(e)(ii)(2). Unrestricted Subsidiary : (1) any Subsidiary of the Borrower which at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by the Borrower, as provided below); (2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and (3) as of the Closing Date, NFE South Power Holdings Limited and each of its Subsidiaries, and NFE South Power Buyback Holdings Limited. The Borrower may designate (or redesignate) any Subsidiary of the Borrower (including any existing Subsidiary and any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary, but other than any FLNG1 Subsidiary or any FLNG2 Subsidiary) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that: (i) immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary); and (ii) as of the date of the designation thereof, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; and (iii) as of the date of the designation thereof, such Unrestricted Subsidiary is not a restricted subsidiary for purposes of any Existing Indenture or any other agreement governing any other Equal Priority Obligations. 64 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Subsidiary attributable to the Borrower s (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary s) equity interest therein as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is permitted under Section 6.1). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (i) the making, incurrence or granting, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien of such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable and (ii) a Return on any Investment by the Borrower in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value at the date of such designation of the Borrower s or its Restricted Subsidiary s Investment in such Subsidiary. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if, on the date of and after giving effect to such designation, such Unrestricted Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) would own (or hold an exclusive license with respect to) any Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG1 Collateral or any FLNG2 Collateral. No Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG1 Collateral or FLNG2 Collateral may be transferred (including by way of an exclusive license) to an existing Unrestricted Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) and no Unrestricted Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) may, at any time, own (or hold an exclusive license with respect to) Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG1 Collateral or any FLNG2 Collateral; provided further the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of an exclusive license), contribution, dividend or other investment of any Material Intellectual Property or FLNG1 Collateral or any FLNG2 Collateral to any entity other than a Loan Party. On and after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall not designate (or redesignate) any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary will be party to the 2024 Financing Transactions and the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, contribute any Brazilian Assets to any Unrestricted Subsidiary other than in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions provided that the Borrower complies with Section 5.10(b) with respect to granting a junior-priority lien on the Brazilian Assets to secure the Obligations. Any such designation by the Borrower shall be notified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent by promptly providing an Officer s Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. No Unrestricted Subsidiary shall receive proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate : as defined in Section 2.3(g)(ii)(C). Voting Stock : of any Person, as of any date, means shares of such Person s Capital Stock that are at the time generally entitled, without regard to contingencies, to vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. Weighted Average Life to Maturity : when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment (it being understood that the Weighted Average Life to Maturity shall be determined without giving effect to any change in installment or other required payments of principal resulting from prepayments following the incurrence of such Indebtedness); by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 

65 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary : any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary. Wholly-Owned Subsidiary : of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100.0 of the outstanding Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares and/or shares required by Requirements of Law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall at the time be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Section 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions; Rules of Construction. (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. (b) The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Provisions apply to successive events and transactions. (c) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms; or is not exclusive. (d) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, references to agreements or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended, restated, amended and restated, replaced, refinanced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, replacements, refinancings, supplements or other modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document). Any reference to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such Law and any reference to any Law shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such Law as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. (e) The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. (f) Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s permitted successors and assigns. (g) Unless otherwise specifically indicated, the term consolidated with respect to any Person refers to such Person on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but 66 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW excluding from such consolidation any Unrestricted Subsidiary of such Person as if such Unrestricted Subsidiary were not an Affiliate of such Person. Section 1.3 Accounting Terms and Principles. (a) Generally. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all accounting or financial terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all computations and determinations as to accounting or financial matters and all financial statements and other financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations, and principles of consolidation, where appropriate) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, as in effect from time to time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and the Borrower shall so request, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Section 1.4 Timing of Payment or Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Maturity Date or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. Section 1.5 Currency Equivalents Generally. (a) For purposes of determining compliance with Sections 6.1, 6.3 and 6.6 with respect to any amount of Indebtedness or Investment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is incurred (so long as such Indebtedness or Investment, at the time incurred, made or acquired, was permitted hereunder). (b) For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, where the permissibility of a transaction or determination of required actions or circumstances depend upon compliance with, or are determined by reference to, amounts stated in Dollars, any requisite currency translation shall be based on the exchange rate in effect on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of such transaction or determination and shall not be affected by subsequent fluctuations in exchange rates. Section 1.6 Limited Condition Transactions. (a) In connection with any action being taken solely in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of: (i) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement that requires the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio or Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio; (ii) determining whether a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or any subset of Defaults or Events of Default); or 

67 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (iii) testing availability under baskets, ratios or financial metrics under this Agreement (including those measured as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA, Annualized EBITDA, Fixed Charges or Consolidated Total Assets or by reference to clause (2) of Section 6.1(a)); in each case, at the option of the Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any successor entity of any of the foregoing (including a third party) (the Testing Party , and the election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election ), with such option to be exercised on or prior to the date of execution of the definitive agreements, submission of notice or the making of a definitive declaration, as applicable, with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction, the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted under this Agreement, shall be deemed to be (a) the date the definitive agreements (or, if applicable, a binding offer or launch of a certain funds tender offer), notice (which may be conditional) or declaration with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into, provided or made, as applicable, or the date that an Officer s Certificate is given with respect to the designation of a Subsidiary as restricted or unrestricted, or (b) with respect to sales in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers applies (or similar law or practice in other jurisdictions), the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intent to make an offer or similar announcement or determination in another jurisdiction subject to laws similar to the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (as applicable, the LCT Test Date is made, and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence or issuance of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock, Preferred Stock or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof, Restricted Payments and Asset Sales) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCT Test Date, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio, basket or financial metric, such ratio, basket or financial metric shall be deemed to have been complied with. (b) For the avoidance of doubt, if the Testing Party has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, baskets or financial metrics for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date are exceeded or not complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, basket or financial metrics, including due to fluctuations in Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income or Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower, the target company or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such ratios, baskets or financial metrics will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations and such baskets, ratios or financial metrics shall not be tested at the consummation of the Limited Condition Transaction except as contemplated in clause (a) of the immediately succeeding proviso; provided, however, that (a) if financial statements for one or more subsequent fiscal quarters shall have become available, the Testing Party may elect, in its sole discretion, to redetermine all such baskets, ratios and financial metrics on the basis of such financial statements, in which case such date of redetermination shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date, (b) if any ratios or financial metrics improve or baskets increase as a result of such fluctuations, such improved ratios, financial metrics or baskets may be utilized and (c) Fixed Charges with respect to any Indebtedness expected to be incurred in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction will, for purposes of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, be calculated using an assumed interest rate based on the available documentation therefor, as determined by the Testing Party in good faith (or, if no such documentation is available, using an assumed interest rate as reasonably determined by the Testing Party in good faith). If the Testing Party has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of the ratios, baskets or financial metrics on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or (ii) the date that the definitive agreement, notice or declaration for such Limited Condition Transaction is abandoned, terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any 68 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW such ratio, basket or financial metric shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Testing Party has exercised its option pursuant to the foregoing and any Default or Event of Default occurs following the LCT Test Date (including any new LCT Test Date) for the applicable Limited Condition Transaction and prior to or on the date of the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed not to have occurred or be continuing for purposes of determining whether any action being taken in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted under this Agreement. Section 1.7 Certain Compliance Determinations. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to Section 1.6 and clauses (b) and (c) of this Section 1.7, all financial ratios, tests, covenants, calculations and measurements (including Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense, Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated EBITDA, Annualized EBITDA, any Fixed Amount or any Incurrence-Based Amount) contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such period and each such Subject Transaction on a pro forma basis and may be determined with reference to the financial statements of a parent company of the Borrower instead, so long as such parent company does not hold any material assets other than, directly or indirectly, the Equity Interests of the Borrower (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or senior management of the Borrower (or any parent company of the Borrower)). Further, if, since the beginning of any such period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement (i) any Subject Transaction has occurred or (ii) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any joint venture since the beginning of such period has consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement shall be calculated on a pro forma basis for such period as if such Subject Transaction (including, without duplication of any amounts otherwise reflected in Consolidated EBITDA for the applicable Test Period, any Run Rate Benefits and the run rate income described, and calculated as set forth, in clause (e)(i) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA) had occurred at the beginning of the applicable period. (b) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement (including Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense, Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated EBITDA and Annualized EBITDA), such Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement shall be calculated at the time such action is taken (subject to Section 1.6), such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement occurring after the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be. (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement (including any covenant), including in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization 

69 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Ratio and/or Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts substantially concurrently (or in connection with the same Limited Condition Transaction) with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that requires compliance with a financial ratio or test (including Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and/or Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) (any such amounts, the Incurrence-Based Amounts ), it is understood and agreed that the Fixed Amounts shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio or test applicable to the Incurrence-Based Amounts. (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) is incurred or issued, any Lien is incurred or other transaction is undertaken in reliance on an Incurrence-Based Amount, such Incurrence-Based Amount shall be calculated without regard to the incurrence of any Indebtedness under any revolving facility or letter of credit facility (i) immediately prior to or in connection therewith or (ii) used to finance working capital needs of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as reasonably determined by the Borrower). (e) For purposes of determining compliance at any time with Sections 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 and 6.6 and the definition of Permitted Investments , in the event that any Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition or Affiliate Transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(a), any clause of Section 6.3(b), any clause of the definition of Permitted Liens , clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or any clause of Section 6.1(b), any clause of Section 6.2(b), any clause of the definition of Permitted Investment , any clause of the definition of Asset Sale and any dispositions constituting exceptions thereto and any clause under Section 6.5, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any one category; provided that the reclassification described in this sentence shall be deemed to have occurred automatically with respect to any such transaction or item incurred or made pursuant to a Fixed Amount that later would be permitted on a pro forma basis to be incurred or made pursuant to an Incurrence-Based Amount; provided, further, no reclassification of an Investment may be made with respect to a permitted Investment in or to an Unrestricted Subsidiary. It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition and/or Affiliate Transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition and/or Affiliate Transaction under such sections, respectively, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof. (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, so long as an action was taken (or not taken) in reliance upon a basket, ratio or test under this Agreement that was calculated or determined in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower based upon financial information available to such officer at such time and such action (or inaction) was permitted under this Agreement at the time of such calculation or determination, any subsequent restatement, modification or adjustments made to such financial information (including any restatement, modification or adjustment that would have caused such basket, ratio or test to be exceeded as a result of such action or inaction) shall not result in any Default or Event of Default under this Agreement. (g) For purposes of any determination under this Agreement (other than the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action under this Agreement) with respect to the amount of any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Investment, Asset Sale, Sale and Lease-Back Transaction, Affiliate Transaction or other transaction, event or circumstance, or any determination under any other provision of this Agreement (any of the foregoing, a specified transaction requiring the use of a current exchange rate, (i) the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars of a specified transaction in a currency other than U.S. dollars shall be calculated based on the relevant 70 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW exchange rate, as may be determined by the Borrower in good faith, for such foreign currency (the Exchange Rate on the date of such determination (which, in the case of any Restricted Payment, shall be deemed to be the date of the declaration thereof and, in the case of the incurrence of Indebtedness, shall be deemed to be on the date first committed); provided, that if any Indebtedness is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to refinance or replace other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, and the relevant refinancing or replacement would cause the applicable U.S. dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency Exchange Rate in effect on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing or replacement Indebtedness (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of the Refinanced Indebtedness, except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest and premiums (including premiums) thereon plus other reasonable and customary fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such refinancing or replacement, (y) any existing unutilized commitments and letters of credit undrawn thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.3 and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the Exchange Rate occurring after the time of any specified transaction so long as such specified transaction was permitted at the time incurred, made, acquired, committed, entered or declared as set forth in clause (i). For purposes of the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action under this Agreement, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars shall be translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable Exchange Rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 (or, prior to the first such delivery, the most recent internally available financial statements), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period and will, with respect to any Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted under this Agreement in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the U.S. dollar equivalent amount of such Indebtedness. (h) For purposes of the calculation of the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.3(a), such Person may elect to treat all or any portion of the commitment (such amount elected until revoked as described below, the Elected Amount under any Indebtedness which is to be incurred (or any commitment in respect thereof) or secured by such Lien (whether by the Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries or any third party), as the case may be, as being incurred or secured, as the case may be, as of the date of determination and (i) any subsequent incurrence of such Indebtedness under such commitment that was so treated (so long as the total amount under such Indebtedness does not exceed the Elected Amount) shall not be deemed, for purposes of this calculation, to be an incurrence of additional Indebtedness or an additional Lien at such subsequent time, (ii) such Person may revoke an election of an Elected Amount and (iii) for subsequent calculations of the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Elected Amount (if any) shall be deemed to be outstanding, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding. Section 2. LETTERS OF CREDIT Section 2.1 Letters of Credit. (a) Issuance. Each Issuing Bank (excluding any that is a Declining Lender), in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.1, agrees to consider from time to time during the Issuance Period and on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Borrower s requests that it issue or amend one or more Letters of Credit denominated in 

71 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Dollars for the Borrower s own account (or, so long as the Borrower is a joint and several co-applicant with respect thereto, the account of any Subsidiary of Borrower). This Agreement is not a commitment to issue any Letter of Credit but rather sets forth the procedures to be used in connection with the Borrower s requests for an Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder from time to time during the Issuance Period and, if any Issuing Bank issues any Letter of Credit hereunder, the Loan Parties obligations to such Issuing Bank with respect thereto. NO ISSUING BANK HAS ANY COMMITMENT OR OBLIGATION TO ISSUE ANY LETTER OF CREDIT AND NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE INTERPRETED AS A PROMISE OR COMMITMENT BY ANY ISSUING BANK TO ISSUE ANY ONE OR MORE LETTERS OF CREDIT. THE DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO ISSUE A LETTER OF CREDIT WILL BE MADE BY EACH ISSUING BANK AT ITS SOLE AND COMPLETE DISCRETION. IF AN ISSUING BANK ISSUES ANY LETTERS OF CREDIT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH ISSUING BANK SHALL NOT BE COMMITTED TO ISSUE ANY OTHER LETTER OF CREDIT. (b) Form of Letters of Credit. Each Letter of Credit (if any) shall be in such form as may be requested by the Borrower and approved by the applicable Issuing Bank (as determined by it in its sole discretion). Letters of Credit issued hereunder (if any) shall be issued for the account of the Borrower (or, so long as the Borrower is a joint and several co-applicant with respect thereto, the account of any Subsidiary of Borrower) used solely to support or make payment on account of any default by the Borrower or any Subsidiary account party in the performance of a commercial obligation under a non-financial agreement or arrangement relating to the performance of services, delivery of goods, or advance payment, or retention or warranty obligations, in each case in connection with business activities in the ordinary course of Borrower or such Subsidiary s, business (and, in each case, not in contravention of any Requirements of Law or any terms of the Loan Documents). (c) Total LC Limit; Reductions in Stated Amounts; Etc. (i) No Issuing Bank will agree to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (A) the Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit issued and outstanding hereunder, in the aggregate, for any one beneficiary (and its Affiliates) in any country or territory will exceed 75,000,000, (B) such Issuing Bank s Adjusted Pro Rata Share of the LC Exposure will exceed such Issuing Bank s LC Limit or Issuance Cap, or (C) the LC Exposure will exceed the Total LC Limit. (ii) No Issuing Bank will issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit hereunder if (A) as determined by it in its sole discretion, any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such action, or any applicable Law or any directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the issuance of such individual Letter of Credit in particular or (B) with respect to any Letter of Credit, or proposed renewal, extension or amendment thereto, such Issuing Bank becomes a Declining Lender hereunder. (d) Request for LC Activity. The Borrower may request the issuance, extension or amendment (including any increase or decrease in the Stated Amount thereof) of any Letter of Credit (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Request for LC Activity shall be required with respect to any automatic extension of a Letter of Credit as contemplated in Section 2.1(f)(iii)) by delivering to the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) a written notice in the form of Exhibit D, appropriately completed and with all required attachments (a Request for LC Activity ), which, among other things: 72 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (i) specifies the requested Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit (or, in the case of an extension or amendment, the Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit after giving effect to the requested extension or amendment, as applicable), which shall be in accordance with Section 2.1(c); (ii) specifies the requested date of issuance, extension or amendment, as applicable, of such Letter of Credit; (iii) specifies the requested expiration date of the Letter of Credit (or, in the case of an extension or amendment, the expiration date of the Letter of Credit after giving effect to the requested extension or amendment, as applicable), which shall in no event be later than the first anniversary of the date of issuance or extension of such Letter of Credit (unless such letter of Credit is an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); (iv) attaches (x) an LC Application, completed to the reasonable satisfaction of the applicable Issuing Bank and (y) evidence (reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank, but which nevertheless may be limited to such information the Borrower may reasonably provide in order to protect proprietary information and trade secrets or comply with any confidentiality or similar obligations) of the commercial obligation in respect of which the Letter of Credit is requested to be (or, as applicable, has been) issued; (v) specifies the name and address of the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit; (vi) specifies the Borrower (or, if applicable, Subsidiary of the Borrower) for whose account such Letter of Credit is requested to be issued; (vii) in the case of an amendment that reduces the Stated Amount of a Letter of Credit, attaches the original Letter of Credit to be so modified; and (viii) specifies whether the Letter of Credit (or the requested extension or amendment thereof, as applicable) is requested to be delivered to the beneficiary thereof or to the Borrower. The Borrower shall deliver any Request for LC Activity (with all attachments thereto) to the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender) at least five (5) Business Days before the requested date of issuance, extension or amendment (including any increase or decrease in the Stated Amount thereof) of such Letter of Credit. Any delivered Request for LC Activity shall be irrevocable. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a copy of any Request for LC Activity (with all attachments thereto) from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent will promptly confirm to the Issuing Bank whether such Letter of Credit issuance, extension or amendment contemplated thereby is permitted under the terms of this Agreement, and if it is so permitted, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender (other than Declining Lenders) of its receipt of such Request for LC Activity and the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Request for LC Activity, and shall deliver such other information received by it relating thereto as any applicable Lender may request. Unless a Lender has provided the Administrative Agent with a Declining Lender Notice prior to 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date at least three (3) Business Days before the requested date of issuance, extension or amendment (including any increase or decrease in the Stated Amount thereof) of the Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Request for LC Activity, if the applicable Issuing Bank elects in its sole discretion to issue, extend or amend, as applicable, the Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Request for LC Activity, each Lender (or after the Conversion to Approving Lenders Date, each then-Approving Lender) will be deemed to have approved such requested issuance, extension or amendment (as applicable). If any Lender, in a timely manner with respect to any Request for LC Activity, provides the Administrative Agent with a Declining Lender Notice, the Administrative Agent 

73 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW shall notify the Borrower and the other Lenders (other than Declining Lenders) that one or more of the Lenders have elected not to issue, fund or participate in further Letters of Credit. Upon receipt by the applicable Issuing Bank with respect to any Request for LC Activity of confirmation from the Administrative Agent that the requested issuance, extension or amendment (as applicable) is permitted in accordance with the terms hereof, such Issuing Bank shall if it has elected to do so (it having no obligation to do so), on the requested date, issue, extend or amend (as the case may be) the subject Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower (or, so long as the Borrower is a joint and several co- applicant with respect thereto, the account of any Subsidiary of Borrower) in accordance with such Issuing Bank s usual and customary business practices. Upon the issuance of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (other than Declining Lenders) shall be entitled to assume that the Request for LC Activity and certificates, documents and other papers and information reasonably requested by the relevant Issuing Bank in connection therewith were completed and delivered to the reasonable satisfaction of such Issuing Bank. If any Issuing Bank shall issue, extend or amend any Letter of Credit without obtaining prior validation from the Administrative Agent (as provided above in clause (d)), such Letter of Credit (A) shall for all purposes be deemed to have been issued by such Issuing Bank solely for its own account and risk and (B) shall not be considered an Letter of Credit outstanding under this Agreement, and no Lender shall be deemed to have any participation therein, effective as of the date of such issuance, amendment, extension or renewal, as the case may be, unless consented to in writing by all of the other Lenders (excluding Declining Lenders). From the effective date of any such increase or decrease in the Stated Amount of a Letter of Credit (if such increase is or decrease has been approved in accordance with this Agreement), the Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.2 shall be calculated taking into account the applicable Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit issued by the applicable Issuing Bank as so increased or decreased. Notwithstanding anything contained in any LC Application (i) all provisions of such letter of credit application purporting to grant Liens in favor of the applicable Issuing Bank to secure obligations in respect of such Letter of Credit shall be disregarded, it being agreed that such obligations shall be secured to the extent provided in this Agreement, any Control Agreement and in the other Security Documents, and (ii) in the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of such LC Application and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. To the extent that any provision of any Request for LC Activity related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 2.1, the provisions of this Section 2.1 shall apply. (e) Drawings and Reimbursement Obligations. (i) Drawings. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary of the Borrower, Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse each Issuing Bank hereunder in full in Dollars for any and all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank. Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of any Letters of Credit hereunder for the account of its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of Borrower and that its business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of its Subsidiaries. (ii) Reimbursement. (1) Not later than 2:00 p.m., New York time, on the date that is seven (7) Business Days after any payment by an Issuing Bank of any LC Disbursement under any Letter of Credit, Borrower shall make or cause to be made to such Issuing Bank for its own account a Reimbursement Payment in an amount equal to the full amount of such LC Disbursement, including interest accruing at the Interest Rate if such Reimbursement Payment is received or is deemed received 74 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (in accordance with Section 2.2(f)) on a Business Day after such LC Disbursement. Each such payment shall be made to the applicable Issuing Bank in immediately available funds. Interest shall accrue at the Interest Rate on any Reimbursement Obligation from the date on which the relevant LC Disbursement is made under the relevant Letter of Credit until and including the date of repayment in full in immediately available funds. (2) Notwithstanding any of the foregoing (and in addition to each other right and remedy of the Issuing Banks provided hereunder and under the other Loan Documents), in the event that any Reimbursement Payment is not made by Borrower by the date and time specified in clause (1) of this Section 2.1(e)(ii) (each such unpaid Reimbursement Payment or portion thereof, an Unpaid Drawing ), (I) the applicable Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement Date, the amount of the applicable LC Disbursement and the amount of each Lender s Adjusted Pro Rata Share thereof and (II) subject to the prior occurrence of the Administrative Agent promptly notifying each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement Date, the amount of the applicable LC Disbursement and the amount of each Lender s Adjusted Pro Rata Share thereof, Borrower agrees that Issuing Bank (acting through the Administrative Agent) may, and is hereby authorized to, (x) withdraw from the Collateral Account an amount up to the amount of such Unpaid Drawing (together with any interest thereon and other amounts payable with respect thereto), and promptly apply such amount (for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank) to the Unpaid Drawing together with any interest thereon and other amounts payable with respect thereto and (y) pursue all of its rights under and in accordance with the Loan Documents, and apply all amounts received thereunder to any Unpaid Drawings and any other Reimbursement Obligations (and Borrower s Reimbursement Obligations shall be discharged to the extent of any such payment). (3) The obligations of the Borrower relating to the Letters of Credit and any Reimbursement Obligations shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be paid or performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances whatsoever, including the following circumstances: (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any Letter of Credit or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including the other Loan Documents); (ii) any amendment to, waiver of, consent to or departure from the terms of any of the Loan Documents or any Letter of Credit; (iii) the existence of any dispute between the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank or any other Person, or any claim, counterclaim, set-off, defense or other right that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; (iv) any statement or any other document or endorsement thereon presented under any Letter of Credit that appears on its face to be valid, sufficient or genuine, which proves to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect whatsoever; (v) improper use which may be made of any Letter of Credit or any improper acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee of any Letter of Credit in connection therewith; (vi) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default; (vii) any payment made by an Issuing Bank in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under, any Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York, the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 or the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, 2007 Revision, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600, as applicable; (viii) any payment by an Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the 

75 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW terms of such Letter of Credit, or any payment made by an Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Laws; and (ix) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever in making or failing to make payment hereunder, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify the applicable Issuing Bank. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the applicable Issuing Bank and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. The Borrower assumes any and all risks in connection with its use of this Agreement and the Letters of Credit and any amounts made available by any Issuing Bank thereunder. (4) Each Lender severally agrees to advance to the Administrative Agent (for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank) an amount in Dollars equal to its Adjusted Pro Rata Share of any Unpaid Drawing on any Letter of Credit in which it is a Letter of Credit Participant, minus an amount in Dollars equal to its Adjusted Pro Rata Share of any amount previously withdrawn from the Collateral Account by the Administrative Agent in satisfaction of such Unpaid Drawing in accordance with clause (1) of this Section 2.1(e)(ii), not later than 1:00 p.m. on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately following the LC Disbursement Date specified in the applicable notice from the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received pursuant to such notice to such Issuing Bank. Until each Letter of Credit Participant funds its Adjusted Pro Rata Share of any Unpaid Drawing pursuant to this Section 2.1(e)(ii) to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for any Unpaid Drawing, interest in respect of such Letter of Credit Participant s Adjusted Pro Rata Share of such amount shall be solely for the account of such Issuing Bank. Each Lender s obligation to make each such payment to the Administrative Agent shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence or continuance of any Default or Event of Default, the failure of any other Lender to make any payment hereunder, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against such Issuing Bank, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, and each Lender further agrees that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Issuing Bank any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to this Section 2.1(e)(ii) by the time specified in this clause (4), such Issuing Bank (acting through the Administrative Agent) shall be entitled to recover from such Lender, on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by such Issuing Bank in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such Issuing Bank in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Adjusted Pro Rata Share of the Unpaid Drawing. A certificate of such Issuing Bank submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.1(e)(ii) shall be prima facie evidence thereof. The obligations of each Lender to participate in the obligations of the Issuing Banks under outstanding Letters of Credit in which it is a Letter of Credit Participant pursuant to this clause (4) shall survive until the earliest of (i) the expiration date for such Letters of Credit and the date all drawings thereunder having been repaid in full, (ii) the date the entire amount available under such Letters of Credit are drawn and such drawings are repaid and no further drawings are permitted under such Letters of Credit, and (iii) the date that is six (6) months after the Maturity Date; provided that, notwithstanding any other provision of this clause (4), with respect to any Letter of Credit having an expiration date (including without limitation as a result of the automatic renewal of an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit) following the Maturity Date, 76 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW in no event shall the obligations of the Lenders to participate in the obligations of an Issuing Bank thereunder expire or terminate prior to the Business Day following the expiration, cancellation or termination of the last remaining outstanding Letter of Credit in which such Lender is a Letter of Credit Participant and the payment in full of all drawings, if any, thereunder. (5) If any payment on an Unpaid Drawing is made by the Borrower or a Guarantor to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall pay to each Lender which has paid its Adjusted Pro Rata Share of any Unpaid Drawing pursuant to this Section such Lender s Adjusted Pro Rata Share of such payment and shall, in the case of the Administrative Agent, pay to the applicable Issuing Bank and, in the case of such Issuing Bank, retain, the balance of such payment. If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any Issuing Bank (or received by any Issuing Bank) pursuant to this Section 2.1(e)(ii) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 9.19 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Issuing Bank in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank its Adjusted Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause (5) shall survive the repayment of all amounts payable hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. (6) All Obligations (other than Unasserted Contingent Obligations) outstanding on the Maturity Date shall be paid in full in Dollars, and any outstanding Letters of Credit shall be cash collateralized as provided in Section 2.5(d), in each case not later than 3:00 p.m., New York time on the Maturity Date. (7) To the extent that there is no Reimbursement Obligation as of (i) the date of expiration or cancellation of a Letter of Credit; and (ii) ten (10) Business Days after the date of expiration or cancellation of such Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit will be cancelled and returned by the Borrower to the applicable Issuing Bank. (f) Reduction of Stated Amount; Cancellation; Expiration. (i) Reductions in Stated Amount Due to Drawings. The Stated Amount of each Letter of Credit at any time shall be reduced by the amount of LC Disbursements made thereunder at such time. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.1, once so reduced as a result of a LC Disbursement, the Stated Amount of any Letter of Credit shall not be reinstated unless and until the Borrower has (A) made the required Reimbursement Payment, together with applicable interest thereon, and (B) certified in writing to the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the default, event of default, breach, delay or other event or circumstance giving rise to such LC Disbursement has been cured, resolved or corrected, as applicable. (ii) Other Reductions in Stated Amount. (1) The Borrower may, from time to time upon the delivery of a Request for LC Activity pursuant to Section 2.1(d) to an Issuing Bank, and where consented to by the applicable beneficiary, permanently reduce the Stated Amount with respect to a Letter of Credit, or the Borrower may, from time to time upon not less than three (3) Business Days prior notice to the applicable Issuing Bank, cancel a Letter of Credit in its entirety. (2) From the effective date of any reduction of the Stated Amount with respect to a Letter of Credit or a cancellation of a Letter of Credit, in each case, under this Section 2.1(f), the Letter of Credit fees payable pursuant to Section 2.2 shall be calculated taking into account the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit as so reduced or the cancellation of such Letter of Credit, as applicable. 

77 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (iii) Expiration. The Borrower shall instruct the beneficiary of each Letter of Credit to surrender and return such Letter of Credit to the applicable Issuing Bank for cancellation on the earlier to occur of the expiration date for such Letter of Credit and the date of its earlier termination, and all fees and other amounts accrued in connection therewith shall be repaid in full. Each Letter of Credit shall expire on its expiration date, which shall in no event be later than one (1) year from the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (provided that, if the Borrower so requests in any applicable Request for LC Activity, a Letter of Credit may include automatic extension provisions (each such Letter of Credit, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit )) so long as any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit also permits the applicable Issuing Bank to prevent any such extension at least once per annum (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior written notice to the Borrower and the beneficiary thereof at least sixty (60) days before the expiry date of such Auto- Extension Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall permit any auto-extension of any Auto-Extension Letter of Credit if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time that such Issuing Bank has the ability to prevent an auto-extension pursuant to the terms of such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit. (g) Sanctions; Illegality. (i) No Issuing Bank will agree to issue any Letter of Credit hereunder if the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit is a person described in Section 3.22. (ii) If, at any time, it becomes unlawful for an Issuing Bank to comply with any of its obligations under any Letter of Credit (including as a result of any Sanctions imposed by the United Nations, the European Union, the United Kingdom and/or the United States), the obligations in question shall be suspended (and all corresponding rights shall cease to accrue) until such time as it may again become lawful for such Issuing Bank to comply with them and neither such Issuing Bank nor any of its Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility for any losses which the Borrower or its Affiliates may incur as a result of such suspension. (h) Amendments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Issuing Bank shall amend or consent to the amendment of any Letter of Credit without the prior written consent or request of the Borrower; provided, however, that such consent of the Borrower shall not be required for any automatic amendments or automatic extensions contemplated in Section 2.1(f)(iii), in each case as may be provided for in a Letter of Credit, if any. (i) Commercial Practices. The Borrower assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of the beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of Credit with respect to the use of any such Letter of Credit. The Borrower agrees that none of the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any of their respective Related Parties shall be liable or responsible for: (a) the use which may be made of any Letter of Credit or for any acts or omissions of the beneficiary or any transferee in connection therewith; (b) any reference which may be made to this Agreement or to any Letter of Credit in any agreements, instruments or other documents; (c) the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents other than the Letters of Credit, or of any endorsement(s) thereon, even if such documents should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged or any statement therein prove to be untrue or inaccurate in any respect whatsoever; (d) payment by an Issuing Bank against presentation of documents which do not strictly comply with the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate reference to such Letter of Credit; (e) any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), however transmitted; (f) any error in interpretation of technical terms; (g) any error in translation; or (h) any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of any Issuing Bank, except only that an Issuing Bank shall be liable to the Borrower for acts or events described in clauses (a) through (h) above, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct damages, as opposed to 78 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW indirect, special or consequential damages, suffered by the Borrower arising solely from such Issuing Bank s (i) willful misconduct or gross negligence in determining whether an LC Disbursement made under the applicable Letter of Credit complies with the terms and conditions therefor stated in such Letter of Credit or (ii) willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after a drawing by the respective beneficiary strictly complying with the terms and conditions of the applicable Letter of Credit. Without limiting the foregoing, each Issuing Bank may accept any document that appears on its face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation. The Borrower hereby waives any right to object to any payment made under a Letter of Credit with regard to a Drawing that is in the form provided in such Letter of Credit but which varies with respect to punctuation (except punctuation with respect to any Dollar amount specified therein), capitalization, spelling or similar matters of form. (j) Increased Costs; Capital Requirements. (i) Increased Costs. If any Change in Law shall: (1) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposit, compulsory deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Issuing Bank or any Lender; (2) subject any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any Taxes (other than Taxes referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.3) on its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; (3) shall impose on any Issuing Bank or any Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; and the effect of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to any Issuing Bank of issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by any Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then the Borrower shall from time to time, within 30 days of demand by such Issuing Bank or such Lender (which demand shall be accompanied by a certificate setting forth the amount of such increased costs or reduced amounts and certifying that the determination of such amount is in accordance with such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s internal practices as consistently applied), pay to such Issuing Bank or such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Issuing Bank or such Lender for such increased costs or to compensate such Issuing Bank or such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (ii) Capital Requirements. If any Issuing Bank or any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Issuing Bank or such Lender or any lending office of such Issuing Bank or such Lender or such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Letters of Credit, to a level below that which such Issuing Bank or such Lender or such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration its policies and the policies its holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Issuing Bank or such Lender, within 30 days of demand of such Issuing Bank or such Lender (which demand shall be accompanied by a certificate setting forth the amount of such increased costs or reduced amounts and certifying that the determination of such amount is in accordance with such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s internal practices as consistently applied), such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Issuing Bank or such Lender or such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (iii) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of an Issuing Bank or a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Issuing Bank or such Lender 

79 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW or such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s holding company, as the case may be, as specified in Section 2.1(j)(i) or (ii) and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay the applicable Issuing Bank or Lender the amount shown in Dollars as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. Failure or delay on the part of any Issuing Bank or Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this clause (j) shall not constitute a waiver of its right to demand such compensation; provided that, Borrower shall not be required to compensate any Issuing Bank or Lender pursuant to this clause (j) for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine (9) months prior to the date that such Issuing Bank or Lender notifies Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of its intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). (iv) Alternate Office; Minimization of Costs. At the request of the Borrower, to the extent reasonably possible, each Issuing Bank and Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate an alternative lending office with respect to its obligations hereunder to reduce any liability of the Borrower to such Issuing Bank or Lender under this Section, so long as such Issuing Bank or Lender, in its reasonable discretion, determines that such designation would not subject such Issuing Bank or Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to it. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by an Issuing Bank or Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. (v) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.1(j) shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section 2.1(j) for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). (vi) Survival. The obligations of the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.1(j) shall survive the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions and the termination or expiration of all Letters of Credit. (k) Election of Approving Lenders to Continue to Further Extensions of Credit. (i) If the Administrative Agent receives a Declining Lender Notice from a Lender on any Business Day, it will promptly forward notice of the same to all other Lenders that are not then Declining Lenders. If as of 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (A) the Administrative Agent receives a Declining Lender Notice for reasons other than an Event of Default from one or more Lenders (the Declining Lender or Declining Lenders in respect of the corresponding Conversion to Approving Lenders Date) and (B) the other Lenders approve (or are deemed to approve as provided in this Section 2.1(p)) further issuances of, extensions of, automatic renewal of or amendments to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders. With respect to any Conversion to Approving Lenders Date, any Lender that has not provided a Declining Lender Notice to the Administrative Agent as of 10:00 a.m. on the third (3rd) Business Day immediately prior to such date shall automatically, without any action on the part of any Person, be deemed an Approving Lender with respect to such Conversion to Approving Lenders Date. Each Approving Lender shall (y) with respect to any Letter of Credit for which such Approving Lender is the Issuing Bank, renew or issue such Letter of Credit in an amount consistent with and as provided by Section 2.1(a), (c) and (d) and (z) with respect to 80 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW any Approving Lender that is not the Issuing Bank, assume participations in such Letter of Credit as a Letter of Credit Participant in an amount consistent with and as provided by Section 2.1(e). From the first date after the Conversion to Approving Lenders Date and thereafter (or until the next Conversion to Approving Lenders Date, if any, at which time one or more Lenders that had been Approving Lenders may become a Declining Lender), all subsequent issuances of Letters of Credit (or amendments or extensions of such Letters of Credit) shall be made unilaterally by the Approving Lenders in respect of such Conversion to Approving Lenders Date, and no Letter of Credit thereafter issued, amended or extended, shall be participated in by the Declining Lenders in respect of such Conversion to Approving Lenders Date pursuant to Section 2.1(e) hereof. (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, for purposes of allocating repayments prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder, the Pro Rata Share of each Lender, with respect to Letters of Credit outstanding on any specified Conversion to Approving Lenders Date or Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date, shall remain fixed at the percentage held by such Lender the day before such specified Conversion to Approving Lenders Date or Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date, as applicable, without respect to any changes which may subsequently occur in such Lender s Pro Rata Share or Adjusted Pro Rata Share (prior to the earlier to occur of the next Conversion to Approving Lenders Date or Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and thereafter, the allocation of all repayments and proceeds from the exercise of remedies hereunder shall be allocated as provided in Section 7.2. Section 2.2 Fees; General Provisions Regarding Payments and Calculations; Pro Rata Sharing. (a) Issuing Bank; Lenders; Administrative Agent. The Borrower shall pay to each Issuing Bank, each Lender and the Administrative Agent in Dollars for its own account, the fees required under the Fee Letters and the other Loan Documents to which such Issuing Bank, Lender or the Administrative Agent is a party (as well as each Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, increase or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder). (b) Letter of Credit Fee; Fronting Fee. (i) On the last Business Day in each calendar quarter (where all or any portion of such calendar quarter occurs on or after the Second Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Maturity Date) and on the Maturity Date (or, if all Letters of Credit are cancelled prior to such date, on the date of such cancellation) (and, if any LC Exposure remains outstanding following the Maturity Date, within five (5) Business Days following the end of each calendar quarter ending while such LC Exposure remains outstanding and on the last day such LC Exposure remains outstanding), the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent (for the account of the Lenders in accordance with their respective, corresponding LC Exposure) with respect to each Letter of Credit outstanding, a letter of credit fee for such quarter (or portion thereof) then ending, in Dollars, accruing from the Second Amendment Effective Date or the last Business Day of the immediately preceding quarter, as the case may be, equal to the product of (A)(1) the daily average Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit for the relevant calendar quarter or portion thereof multiplied by (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in such quarter (or portion thereof) and the denominator of which is 360, multiplied by (B) 2.00 . (ii) On the last Business Day in each calendar quarter (where all or any portion of such calendar quarter occurs on or after the Second Amendment Effective Date and prior to the Maturity Date) and on the Maturity Date (or, if all Letters of Credit are cancelled prior to such date, on the date of such cancellation) (and, if any LC Exposure remains outstanding following the Maturity Date, within five (5) Business Days following the end of each calendar quarter ending while such LC Exposure remains outstanding and on the last day such LC Exposure remains outstanding), the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Issuing Banks with outstanding 

81 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Letters of Credit, accruing from the Second Amendment Effective Date or the last Business Day of the immediately preceding quarter, as the case may be, a fronting fee in Dollars for such quarter (or portion thereof) then ending equal to the product of (A) a fraction, (1) the numerator of which is the number of days during such quarter (or portion thereof) and (2) the denominator of which is 360, (B) the daily average Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (excluding any portion thereof attributable to outstanding Reimbursement Obligations) for such quarter (or portion thereof) and (C) 0.35 . (c) All payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made in Dollars in same day funds, without defense, recoupment, setoff or counterclaim, free of any restriction or condition, to the applicable Person on the date due thereof as provided in clause (f) below. (d) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower in the absence of demonstrable error. Interest and fees payable pursuant hereto shall be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year for the actual days elapsed. (e) Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day (other than the Maturity Date) that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of interest or fees, as the case may be. (f) The Borrower shall make all payments due to the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Issuing Banks or Lenders and each Lender to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Person, to: Bank: Key Bank N.A. ABA#: 041001039 Account Name: Natixis New York Account #: 359681484986 Ref: New Fortress Energy in lawful money of the United States and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m., New York time, on the date on which such payment is due. Any payment made after such time on any day shall be deemed received on the next Business Day after such payment is received. The Administrative Agent shall disburse to each Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, each such payment received by the Administrative Agent for such Lender or Issuing Bank, such disbursement to occur on the day such payment is received if received by 1:00 p.m., New York time, otherwise on the next Business Day. (g) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), Section 7.1(a)(8) or Section 7.1(a)(9), the overdue principal amount of all unreimbursed LC Disbursements outstanding and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any interest payments on the unreimbursed LC Disbursements outstanding, and any fees or other amounts otherwise payable under the Loan Documents, shall bear interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under Bankruptcy Laws (or interest that would have accrued after the commencement of a proceeding but for the commencement of such proceeding)) payable on demand at a per annum rate equal to the Default Rate. Payment or acceptance of the increased rates of interest provided for in this Section 2.2 is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank or Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent). (h) The Administrative Agent (or its agent or sub-agent appointed by it) shall promptly distribute to each Lender at such address as such Lender shall indicate in writing, such Lender s applicable Adjusted Pro Rata Share of all payments and prepayments of Reimbursement Obligations and interest due hereunder, together with all other amounts due related thereto, including all fees payable with 82 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW respect thereto, to the extent received by the Administrative Agent. (i) The Lenders hereby agree among themselves that if any of them shall, whether by voluntary payment (other than a voluntary prepayment of Obligations made and applied in accordance with the terms hereof), through the exercise of any right of set off or banker s lien, or by counterclaim or cross action or by the enforcement of any right under the Loan Documents or otherwise, or as adequate protection of a deposit treated as cash collateral under Bankruptcy Laws, receive payment or reduction of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal, interest, fees and other amounts then due and owing to such Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Aggregate Amounts Due to such Lender) which is greater than the proportion received by any other Lender in respect of the Aggregate Amounts Due to such other Lender, then the Lender receiving such proportionately greater payment shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent and each other Lender of the receipt of such payment and (b) apply a portion of such payment to purchase participations (which it shall be deemed to have purchased from each seller of a participation simultaneously upon the receipt by such seller of its portion of such payment) in the Aggregate Amounts Due to the other Lenders so that all such recoveries of Aggregate Amounts Due shall be shared by all Lenders in proportion to the Aggregate Amounts Due to them; provided that if all or part of such proportionately greater payment received by such purchasing Lender is thereafter recovered from such Lender upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, those purchases shall be rescinded and the purchase prices paid for such participations shall be returned to such purchasing Lender ratably to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. The Borrower expressly consents to the foregoing arrangement and agrees that any holder of a participation so purchased may exercise any and all rights of banker s lien, consolidation, set off or counterclaim with respect to any and all monies owing by the Borrower to that holder with respect thereto as fully as if that holder were owed the amount of the participation held by that holder. The provisions of this Section 2.2 shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement as in effect from time to time or (ii) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in its LC Limit or any Obligations owed to it. For purposes of clause (a)(iii) of Section 2.3, a Lender that acquires a participation pursuant to this Section 2.2 shall be treated as having acquired such participation on the earlier date on which such Lender acquired the applicable interest in the Loan to which such participation relates. Section 2.3 Taxes. (a) Payment Free of Taxes. All payments made by or on behalf of any Loan Party to a Recipient under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes (except as required by applicable Law), excluding any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), branch profits, and franchise Taxes, in each case (x) imposed on any Recipient as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction of the Governmental Authority imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof), or (y) that are Other Connection Taxes; (ii) Taxes imposed on any Recipient that are attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with the requirements of clauses, (f), (g) or (h) of this Section 2.3; (iii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (x) such Lender acquires such interest in such Commitment (or, to the extent such Lender did not fund an applicable Loan pursuant to a prior Commitment, on the date on which such Lender acquires interest in such Loan), provided that this clause (x) shall not apply to a Lender that became a Lender pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.6, or (y) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to this Section 2.3, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before 

83 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW such Lender acquired the applicable interest in such Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; and (iv) Taxes that are imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above), and any intergovernmental agreement (and any related fiscal or regulatory legislation, administrative rules or official practices implementing the foregoing (such Code provisions, agreements, regulations and interpretations, collectively, FATCA )). If applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of any applicable withholding agent) requires any Taxes not described in clauses (i) through (iv) of the preceding sentence Non-Excluded Taxes or any Other Taxes to be withheld by any applicable withholding agent from any amounts payable under any Loan Document, the amounts so payable by or on behalf of any Loan Party shall be increased to the extent necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings of Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.3) the applicable Lender (or, in the case of any amounts received by the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. (b) Payment of Other Taxes by Loan Parties. Without duplication of Section 2.3(a), the Loan Parties shall pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (c) Whenever any Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes are payable or remittable by a Loan Party, as soon as practicable thereafter the Loan Party shall send to the applicable Recipient the original or a certified copy of an original official receipt received by the Loan Party or other reasonably satisfactory evidence showing payment thereof. (d) Without duplication of Section 2.3(a), the Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient for the full amount of Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes (including any Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this Section 2.3) payable by such Recipient, and any liability (including penalties, additions to Tax, interest and any reasonable expenses, in each case other than those arising from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of a Recipient as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Such indemnification shall be made within 10 days after the date the Recipient makes written demand therefor (which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the nature and amount of Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes for which indemnification is being sought). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Arranger or Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by a Loan Party or with respect to which a Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.3, it shall pay such Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan Party under this Section 2.3 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such Recipient and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Loan Party, upon the request of such Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Party (plus interest attributable to the period during which the Loan Party held such funds and any penalties, additions to Tax, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental 84 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Authority) to such Recipient in the event such Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This Section 2.3(e) shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. (f) Upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, a Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as applicable) as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent); provided that the completion, execution or submission of such documentation required under this Section 2.3(f) (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.3(g)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Lender shall deliver the forms and other documentation required to be provided under this Section 2.3: (i) on or before the date it becomes a party to this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration, inaccuracy, or invalidity of any form previously delivered by such Lender, and (iii) at such other times as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or as required by Law. Each Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide any documentation previously delivered to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.3 to the contrary, no Lender shall be required to provide any form or other documentation pursuant to this Section 2.3 that it is not legally eligible to provide. (g) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.3(f): (i) Each Lender that is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) two executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax. (ii) Each Lender that is not a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed copies of whichever of the following is applicable: (A) In the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W- 8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to such tax treaty; (B) IRS Form W-8ECI; 

85 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (C) In the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) IRS Form W- 8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or (D) To the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, Form W-8BEN, Form W- 8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9 or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. (iii) If a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with its obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for the purpose of this Section 2.3(g)(iii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. (h) If the Administrative Agent is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, then it shall, on or prior to the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent, provide the Borrower with a properly completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-9 confirming that the Administrative Agent is exempt from U.S. federal back-up withholding. If the Administrative Agent is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, then it shall, on or prior to the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent, provide the Borrower with, (i) with respect to payments made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable IRS Form W-8), and (ii) with respect to payments made to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender, a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-8IMY confirming that the Administrative Agent agrees to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal withholding Tax purposes. On or prior to the date on which it becomes an Arranger, such Arranger shall provide the Borrower with a properly completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-9 confirming that such Arranger is exempt from U.S. federal back-up withholding. The Administrative Agent and each of the Arrangers shall, (A) promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration, inaccuracy or invalidity of any form previously delivered by the Administrative Agent or an Arranger under this clause (h), and (B) at such other times as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or as required by Law, deliver promptly to the Borrower an updated form or other appropriate documentation (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the Borrower) or promptly notify the Borrower in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. Notwithstanding anything in this clause (h) to the contrary, no Administrative Agent or Arranger shall be required to provide any documentation pursuant to this clause (h) that such Administrative Agent or Arranger is unable to deliver as a result of a Change in Law after the date of this Agreement. (i) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes attributable to such Lender (including any Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this 86 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 2.3) Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) payable by such Recipient, and any liability (including penalties, additions to Tax, interest and any reasonable expenses, in each case other than those arising from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of a Recipient as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority, (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.6(b) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Taxes other than Non-Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (i). (j) The agreements in this Section 2.3 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. (k) For purposes of this Section 2.3, the term Lender shall include any Issuing Bank. Section 2.4 Extension of Maturity Date. (a) Requests for Extension. The Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) not later than (i) June 3, 2024 and (ii) during any calendar year thereafter, 60 days prior to each anniversary of the date of this Agreement (each such date, an Extension Date ), request that each Lender extend the then-current Maturity Date (the Applicable Maturity Date to the date falling 364 days after the Applicable Maturity Date (such date that is 364 days after such Applicable Maturity Date, the Extended Maturity Date provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, no more than three (3) extensions of the Maturity Date shall be permitted hereunder after the Third Amendment Effective Date. (b) Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the Administrative Agent given not later than the date that is 20 days after the date on which the Administrative Agent received the Borrower s extension request (the Lender Notice Date ), advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to such extension (each Lender that determines to so extend its Applicable Maturity Date, an Extending Lender ). Each Lender that determines not to so extend its Applicable Maturity Date (a Non-Extending Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Lender Notice Date), and any Lender that does not so advise the Administrative Agent on or before the Lender Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree, and it is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Borrower for extension of the Applicable Maturity Date. (c) The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of each applicable Lender s determination under this Section no later than the date that is 10 days prior to the applicable Extension Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day). 

87 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (d) The Borrower shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, on or before the Applicable Maturity Date for any Non-Extending Lender to replace such Non-Extending Lender with, and add as a Lender under this Agreement in place thereof, one or more financial institutions that are not Disqualified Institutions (each, an Additional Lender in accordance with and subject to the procedures of Section 2.6, including approval by the Administrative Agent; provided that such Additional Lender shall have consented to the extension of the Applicable Maturity Date, shall have entered into an Assignment and Acceptance (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.6) with such Non-Extending Lender, pursuant to which, effective on or before the Applicable Maturity Date for such Non-Extending Lender, such Non-Extending Lender shall assign its LC Limit and Adjusted Pro Rata Share of any LC Exposure to such Additional Lender and such Additional Lender shall become a Lender with respect to (and holder of) such assigned LC Limit and LC Exposure (and, if any such Additional Lender is already a Lender, its LC Limit and LC Exposure so assumed shall be in addition to such Lender s existing LC Limit and LC Exposure). Prior to any Non-Extending Lender being replaced by one or more Additional Lenders pursuant hereto, such Non-Extending Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, by giving irrevocable notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (which notice shall set forth such Lender s Extended Maturity Date), to become an Extending Lender. (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any extension of any Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.4(a) shall not be effective with respect to any Lender unless: (i) No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the applicable Extension Date and immediately after giving effect thereto; (ii) the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof; (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received an Officer s Certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying the accuracy of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii); applicable Extension Date; Obligations; and (iv) no Reimbursement Obligations shall be outstanding on the (v) such extension is permitted by the terms of any Equal Priority (vi) the Borrower shall have informed the Administrative Agent of any change in the information provided in an Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in parts (c) or (d) of such certification. (f) On or prior to the Applicable Maturity Date with respect to each Non- Extending Lender, the Borrower shall have (1) paid in full the principal of and interest on all of the Reimbursement Payments made by such Non-Extending Lender, (2) paid in full all other amounts owing to such Non-Extending Lender hereunder, and (3) if such Non-Extending Lender is an Issuing Bank, cash collateralized all LC Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Non-Extending Lender by depositing Dollars in the Collateral Account in an amount equal to 102 of the Stated Amount of such Letters of Credit in accordance with this Agreement. (g) The Administrative Agent may effect such amendments to this Agreement as are reasonably necessary to provide for any such extensions with the consent of the Borrower but without the consent of any other Issuing Bank or Lender. 88 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (h) This Section 2.4 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.2 or Section 9.1 to the contrary. Section 2.5 Cash Collateralization. (a) Subject to clauses (c) and (e) of this Section, on or prior to the date of issuance of any Letter of Credit during the period prior to the date that is fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the then-current Maturity Date, the Borrower shall cash collateralize such Letter of Credit by depositing Dollars in the Collateral Account in an amount equal to 20 of the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit in accordance with this Agreement. (b) If, as a result of any Credit Event (or for any other reason), the LC Exposure with respect to (i) all Letters of Credit issued and outstanding hereunder, in the aggregate, exceeds the Total LC Limit at any time, the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business Days of delivery of a written demand by the Administrative Agent) deposit into the Collateral Account Dollars in an amount equal to the difference of (x) 102 of the LC Exposure with respect to all Letters of Credit issued and outstanding hereunder (as determined at such time by the Administrative Agent) (after giving effect to such Credit Event), in the aggregate, minus (y) the Total LC Limit or (ii) all Letters of Credit issued and outstanding hereunder by any Issuing Bank, in the aggregate, exceeds such Issuing Bank s Issuance Cap at any time, the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business Days of delivery of a written demand by the Administrative Agent) deposit into the Collateral Account Dollars in an amount equal to the difference of (x) 102 of the LC Exposure with respect to all Letters of Credit issued and outstanding hereunder by such Issuing Bank (as determined at such time by the Administrative Agent) (after giving effect to such Credit Event), in the aggregate, minus (y) such Issuing Bank s Issuance Cap. (c) Not later than the date that is fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the then- current Maturity Date, if any Letter of Credit is scheduled to remain outstanding on or after the then- current Maturity Date and the applicable Issuing Bank has not agreed to an extension of the then-current Maturity Date in accordance with Section 2.4, the Borrower shall cash collateralize any such Letter(s) of Credit that is scheduled to remain outstanding on or after the then-current Maturity Date by depositing Dollars in the Collateral Account in an amount equal to 102 of the LC Exposure (as determined at such time by the Administrative Agent) with respect to such Letter(s) of Credit as of the then-current Maturity Date in accordance with this Agreement. (d) If and when required pursuant to Section 2.4(f), Section 2.7 or Section 7.1(b)(ii), the Borrower shall cash collateralize the Letter(s) of Credit outstanding at the time specified by depositing Dollars in the Collateral Account in the applicable amount specified in Section 2.4(f), Section 2.7 or Section 7.1(b)(ii)(B) in accordance with this Agreement. (e) The Borrower hereby grants to the ULCA Collateral Agent and agrees to maintain, a first priority (subject to Permitted Liens) security interest in the Collateral Account and all balances therein, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the Obligations. If at any time the Administrative Agent or ULCA Collateral Agent determines that funds in the Collateral Account are less than the Required Cash Level, the Borrower will, promptly upon (and in any event within five (5) Business Days of delivery of) written demand by the Administrative Agent, deposit Dollars in the Collateral Account in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. The Borrower shall pay promptly (and in any event within give (5) Business Days of delivery of demand therefor) all reasonable and customary activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of the Collateral Account and the deposits therein. (f) In addition to any provision in any Loan Document that requires the Borrower to provide cash collateral, at any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one (1) Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank (with a copy 

89 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall cash collateralize the Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.7(d) and any cash collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) by depositing Dollars in the Collateral Account in an amount equal to 102 of the Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender. Section 2.6 Removal or Replacement of a Lender. (a) Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that: (a)(i) any Lender shall give notice to the Borrower that such Lender is entitled to receive payments or that the Borrower is required to make payments under Section 2.1(j) or Section 2.3 (an Increased Cost Lender ), (ii) the circumstances which have caused such Lender to be an Affected Lender or which entitle such Lender to receive or the Borrower to make such payments shall remain in effect, and (iii) such Lender shall fail to withdraw such notice within five Business Days after the Borrower s request for such withdrawal; (b) in connection with any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any of the provisions hereof as contemplated by Section 9.1, the consent of Required Lenders shall have been obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Lenders (each a Non-Consenting Lender whose consent is required shall not have been obtained; or (c) if any Lender is a Non-Extending Lender under Section 2.5; then, with respect to each such Increased Cost Lender, Non- Consenting Lender or Non-Extending Lender (the Terminated Lender ), the Borrower may, by giving written notice to the Administrative Agent and any Terminated Lender of its election to do so, elect to cause such Terminated Lender (and such Terminated Lender hereby irrevocably agrees) to assign its LC Limit and LC Exposure in full to one or more Persons permitted to become Lenders hereunder pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.6 (each a Replacement Lender and the Borrower shall pay the fees, if any, payable thereunder in connection with any such assignment from an Increased Cost Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender or a Non-Extending Lender; provided that, (A) on the date of such assignment, such Terminated Lender shall have received payment from the Replacement Lender or the Borrower in an amount equal to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal of, and all accrued interest on, all participations in outstanding Reimbursement Obligations of the Terminated Lender and (2) all accrued, but theretofore unpaid fees owing to such Terminated Lender pursuant to Section 2.2; (B) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.1(j) or Section 2.3, such assignment will result in a material reduction in such compensation and on the date of such assignment, the Borrower shall pay any amounts payable to such Terminated Lender pursuant to Section 2.1(j) or Section 2.3; or otherwise as if it were a prepayment and (C) in the event such Terminated Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, each Replacement Lender shall consent, at the time of such assignment, to each matter in respect of which such Terminated Lender was a Non- Consenting Lender. Upon the prepayment of all amounts owing to any Terminated Lender, such Terminated Lender shall no longer constitute a Lender for purposes hereof; provided, any rights of such Terminated Lender to indemnification hereunder shall survive as to such Terminated Lender. Each Lender agrees that if the Borrower exercises its option hereunder to cause an assignment by such Lender as a Non-Consenting Lender or Terminated Lender, such Lender shall, promptly after receipt of written notice of such election, execute and deliver all documentation necessary to effectuate such assignment in accordance with Section 9.6; provided that each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this Section 2.6 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto, and each Lender hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver such documentation as may be required to give effect to an assignment in accordance with Section 9.6 on behalf of a Non-Consenting Lender or Terminated Lender and any such documentation so executed by the Administrative Agent shall be effective for purposes of documenting an assignment pursuant to Section 9.6. (b) For purposes of this Section 2.6, the term Lender shall include any Issuing Bank. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.6 to the contrary, (i) any Lender that acts as an 90 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Issuing Bank may not be replaced as an Issuing Bank hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a back-stop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank or the depositing of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank) have been made with respect to each such outstanding Letter of Credit and (ii) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 8.6. Section 2.7 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Requirement of Law: (a) Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 9.1; (b) Any payment in respect of Obligations received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7 or otherwise) shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.5; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Unpaid Drawing in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in the Collateral Account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Unpaid Drawings under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize the Issuing Banks future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.5; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Unpaid Drawing in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its Adjusted Pro Rata Share, and (y) the applicable Letter of Credit was issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.1 or Section 4.2, as applicable, were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Reimbursement Obligation of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Reimbursement Obligation of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Letters of Credit are participated in by the pro rata in accordance with their Adjusted Pro Rata Shares without giving effect to Section 2.7(d). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.7(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto; (c) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive the letter of credit fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Adjusted Pro Rata Share of the Stated Amount of Letters of Credit for which cash collateral has been provided pursuant to Section 2.5(f). With respect to any letter of credit fee not required to be paid to any 

91 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Unpaid Drawings that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) below, (y) pay to each Issuing Bank, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee; (d) All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in LC Exposure shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s LC Limit) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate LC Exposure of any such Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s LC Limit. Subject to Section 9.21, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. If the reallocation described in clause (ii) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, cash collateralize the Issuing Banks Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.5(f); (e) If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender and Issuing Bank agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Obligations of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with their LC Limits (without giving effect to the last sentence of clause (d) immediately above), whereupon, such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender; and (f) So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that such Issuing Bank will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. In the event that any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, such Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, unless such Issuing Bank shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or the applicable Lender satisfactory to such Issuing Bank to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Issuing Bank each agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the LC Exposure of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such LC Exposure in accordance with its Adjusted Pro Rata Share; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while 92 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided further that, except as otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from a Defaulting Lender to a Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Section 2.8 Incremental Total LC Limits. (a) Request for Total LC Limit Increase. The Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders), request an increase in the Total LC Limit (each such increase, a Total LC Limit Increase for an aggregate amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 200,000,000; provided that (i) any such request for a Total LC Limit Increase shall be in a minimum amount of the lesser of (x) 25,000,000 (or such lesser amount as may be approved by the Administrative Agent) and (y) the entire remaining amount available under this Section and (ii) Borrower acknowledges that it previously requested two Total LC Limit Increases of (x) 75,000,000 (which became effective in February 2023) and (y) 25,000,000 (which became effective in November 2023) and (iii) the Borrower shall make no more than a total of two (2) additional requests in the aggregate for an LC Limit Increase under this Section. (b) Incremental Lenders. A Total LC Limit Increase may be provided by any existing Lender or other Person that is an Assignee (each such existing Lender or other Person that agrees to provide a Total LC Limit Increase, an Incremental LC Lender provided that each Incremental LC Lender shall be subject to the consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Lender shall have any obligation to agree to provide a Total LC Limit Increase or increase its Issuance Cap or LC Limit pursuant to this Section and any election to do so shall be in the sole discretion of such Lender. (c) Terms of Total LC Limit Increases. The Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date for a Total LC Limit Increase pursuant to this Section (an Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date and, if applicable, the final allocation of LC Limits among the Persons providing such Total LC Limit Increase; provided that such date shall be a Business Day at least seven (7) Business Days after delivery of the request for such Total LC Limit Increase (unless otherwise approved in writing by the Administrative Agent) and at least forty-five (45) calendar days prior to the Maturity Date. In order to effect such Total LC Limit Increase, the Borrower, the applicable Incremental LC Lender(s) and the Administrative Agent (but no other Lenders or Persons) shall enter into one or more Incremental Joinder Agreements, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which the applicable Incremental LC Lender(s) will provide the applicable Total LC Limit Increase(s). Effective as of the applicable Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section, each Total LC Limit Increase shall constitute a part of the Total LC Limit (but not a separate facility hereunder) and Schedule 1.1 shall be updated accordingly to reflect such Total LC Limit Increase, each Incremental LC Lender providing such Total LC Limit Increase shall be, and have all the rights of, a Lender, and any Credit Event occurring on such Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date pursuant to this Section shall comply with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in all respects. (d) Conditions to Effectiveness. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Total LC Limit Increases pursuant to this Section shall not be effective with respect to any Incremental LC Lender unless: (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date and after giving effect to any Credit Event to occur on the Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date; (ii) the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date and 

93 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW after giving effect to such Total LC Limit Increase as though made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date); and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received one or more Incremental Joinder Agreements contemplated above, providing for such Total LC Limit Increase. As of such Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date, upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of the documents required by this clause (d), the Administrative Agent shall record the information contained in the applicable Incremental Joinder Agreement(s) in the Register and give prompt notice of the Lenders LC Limits to the Borrower and the Lenders (including each Incremental LC Lender). (e) Adjustments to LC Exposure. On each Total LC Limit Increase Effective Date with respect to each Total LC Limit Increase, if there exists LC Exposure then outstanding, the participations of the Lenders in such LC Exposure, as the case may be, will be automatically adjusted to reflect the Pro Rata Share in the Total LC Limit (and the Adjusted Pro Rata Share of each of the Lenders (including each Incremental LC Lender) in the LC Exposure), after giving effect to the applicable Total LC Limit Increase. Section 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES To induce the Secured Parties to enter into this Agreement and to induce the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit, the Borrower represents and warrants to each Secured Party that: Section 3.1 Financial Condition. The audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2020 and the audited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal period then ended, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to the Administrative Agent, in each case, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended. The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at March 31, 2020, and the unaudited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal period then ended, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to the Administrative Agent, in each case, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal period then ended. Such financial statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the period involved (except as disclosed therein). Section 3.2 No Change. Since December 31, 2020, there has been no development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.3 Existence; Compliance with Law. Each Loan Party (a) is duly incorporated, organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing (if applicable) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, (b) has the organizational power and authority and all requisite Permits from Governmental Authorities to own and operate its Property, to lease the Property it leases as a lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other organization or body corporate and in good standing (if applicable) under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of Property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification and (d) is in compliance with such Loan Party s Organizational Documents and all Requirements of Law, except, in the case of clause (a) above with respect to any Loan Party other than the Borrower, and in the cases of clauses (b), (c) and (d) above, to 94 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW the extent that failure of the same could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.4 Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. (a) Each Loan Party has the requisite corporate or other organizational power and authority to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party. (b) Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party. (c) No material consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with any Credit Event hereunder, the granting of Liens pursuant to the Security Documents or the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except (i) those consents, authorizations, filings and notices that have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) the filings or other actions referred to in Section 3.19. (d) Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party that is a party thereto and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party that is a party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). Section 3.5 No Legal Bar. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, any Credit Event hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof, will not contravene, violate or result in a breach of or default under any Loan Party s Organizational Documents, the Existing Indentures, the Credit Agreement any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party, other than any violation that could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents). Section 3.6 No Material Litigation. No litigation, action, suit, claim, dispute, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against any Loan Party or against any of their respective properties or revenues that (i) could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) as of the Closing Date, purports to affect or pertain to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Section 3.7 No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. No Loan Party is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any Contractual Obligation that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.8 Ownership of Property; Liens. Each of the Loan Parties has title in fee simple or good and valid title, as the case may be, to, or a valid leasehold interest in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all its real or immoveable property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, or valid license of or other right to use, all its other Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, in each case except where the failure to have such title, interest, license or right could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and none of such Property is subject to any Lien except as permitted by Section 6.6. Section 3.9 IP Rights. Each of the Loan Parties owns, or is licensed or otherwise has the right to use, all IP Rights necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted except to the extent such failure could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any IP Rights by any Loan Party or the validity or effectiveness of any IP Rights, and the Borrower 

95 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW does not know of any valid basis for any such claim, in each case except to the extent that any such claim could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the use of IP Rights by the Loan Parties does not infringe on the IP Rights of any Person, except for such infringements which could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.10 Taxes. Each of the Loan Parties has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all Taxes due and payable by it (including in its capacity as a withholding agent) other than (a) any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Loan Party or (b) where the failure to make such filing, payment, deduction, withholding, collection or remittance could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect; and no Lien for Tax has been filed, other than a Permitted Lien, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, fee or other charge except, in each case, as could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.11 Federal Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Letter of Credit, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulations T, U or X. Section 3.12 Labor Matters. There are no strikes or other labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower threatened, that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from the Loan Parties on account of employee health and welfare insurance that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect if not paid have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant Loan Party. Section 3.13 ERISA. As of the date hereof, there are no Pension Plans or Multiemployer Plans. None of the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has had a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability under ERISA, except as could not reasonably be expected to have individually or in the aggregate a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.14 Investment Company Act. No Loan Party is an investment company, or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Section 3.15 Subsidiaries. (a) The Persons listed on Schedule 3.15 constitute all the Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the Closing Date. Schedule 3.15 sets forth as of the Closing Date the name and jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of each Person listed therein and the percentage of each class of Capital Stock of such Person owned by the Borrower and each Subsidiary. (b) As of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments granted to any Person other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than directors qualifying shares or other similar shares required pursuant to applicable Law) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of any Subsidiary owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower; provided that, with respect to any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, its Capital Stock may be subject to customary rights of first refusal, tag-along, drag-along and other similar rights. Section 3.16 Use of Proceeds. The Letters of Credit and the proceeds thereof shall be used solely to support or make payment on account of any default by the Borrower or any Subsidiary account party in the performance of a commercial obligation under a non-financial agreement or 96 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW arrangement relating to the performance of services, delivery of goods, or advance payment, or retention or warranty obligations, in each case in connection with business activities in the ordinary course of business of Borrower or such Subsidiary (and, in each case, not in contravention of any Requirements of Law or any terms of the Loan Documents). Section 3.17 Environmental Matters. Other than exceptions to any of the following that could not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect: (a) The Loan Parties and each of their respective facilities and operations: (i) are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) hold all Environmental Permits (each of which is in full force and effect) required for any of their current operations or for any property owned, leased, or otherwise operated by any of them; (iii) are in compliance with all of their Environmental Permits; (iv) have taken reasonable steps to ensure each of their Environmental Permits will be timely maintained, renewed and complied with; and (v) have no knowledge of any facts or circumstances upon which any such Environmental Permits could reasonably be expected to be adversely amended or revoked. (b) Hazardous Materials are not present at, on, under, in, or emanating from any property now or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of the Loan Parties, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, at any other location (including any location to which Hazardous Materials have been sent for reuse or recycling or for treatment, storage, or disposal) which could reasonably be expected to (i) give rise to liability of the Borrower or Loan Party under any applicable Environmental Law or otherwise result in costs to the Borrower or any Loan Party, or (ii) interfere with the Borrower s or any Loan Party s continued operations. (c) There are no Environmental Claims to which the Borrower or any of the Loan Parties is, or to the knowledge of the Borrower will be, named as a party that is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened. To the knowledge of the Borrower, there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any such Environmental Claim. (d) None of the Borrower nor any Loan Party has received any written request for information, or been notified that it is a potentially responsible party or subject to liability under or relating to the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 or any other Environmental Law, or with respect to any Hazardous Materials, excluding any such matters that have been fully resolved with no further obligation or liability on the part of the Borrower or any Loan Party. (e) None of the Borrower nor any Loan Party has entered into or agreed to any consent decree, order, or settlement or other agreement, or is subject to any judgment, decree, or order or other agreement, in any judicial, administrative, arbitral or other form of dispute resolution, relating to compliance with or liability under any Environmental Law, excluding any such matters that have been fully resolved with no further obligation or possible liability on the part of the Borrower or any Loan Party. Section 3.18 Accuracy of Information, Etc. No statement or information contained in this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other document, certificate or written statement (other than any projections and information of a general economic or general industry nature) furnished to any Secured Party by or on behalf of any Loan Party for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, when taken as a whole, contained as of the date such statement, information, document or certificate was so furnished (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances under 

97 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW which they were made, not materially misleading. The projections and pro forma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Secured Parties that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. Section 3.19 Security Documents. Each of the Security Documents is effective to create in favor of the ULCA Collateral Agent or any Common Representative, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof. In the case of (i) any Pledged Stock (as defined in the Security Agreement) which is in certificated form, when any stock, membership or partnership unit certificates representing such Pledged Stock are delivered to, and in the possession of, the ULCA Collateral Agent (or the Controlling Authorized Representative in accordance with the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement) and (ii) the other Collateral described in the Security Documents, when financing statements and other filings in appropriate form are filed or registered in the office specified on Schedule 3.19, the security interest created in favor of the ULCA Collateral Agent or any Common Representative in such Pledged Stock and other Collateral shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Pledged Stock, other Collateral and the proceeds thereof, in which a security interest may be perfected by delivery to the ULCA Collateral Agent of such Pledged Stock or by filing a financing statement in the United States or other filing or registration in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction as security for the Obligations, in each case, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than Persons holding Liens or other encumbrances or rights that are permitted by this Agreement to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.6). Section 3.20 Solvency. As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to any Letters of Credit issued on the Closing Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. Section 3.21 [Reserved]. Section 3.22 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions. (a) To the extent applicable, each of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects, and the operations of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects, with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (ii) the PATRIOT Act and (iii) the material applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Borrower and each such Restricted Subsidiary conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws ), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties party hereto, threatened. (b) No part of the proceeds of the Letters of Credit, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in material violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ), or otherwise in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in material 98 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW violation of any material applicable anti-corruption laws. None of the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary or any director or officer thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any employee, agent, Affiliate or representative thereof, has taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization or approval of the payment, giving or receipt of money, property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly, to any government official (including any officer or employee of a government or government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for public office) in order to influence official action, or to any Person in material violation of the FCPA or any material applicable anti-corruption laws. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with the FCPA and material applicable anti-corruption laws and have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve material compliance with such laws and with the representations and warranties contained in this clause (b). (c) None of the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any employee, agent, Affiliate or representative of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more Persons that are, (i) on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or (ii) subject to any sanctions administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions and the Borrower will not directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person (A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, in violation of Sanctions or (B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. The Loan Parties have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve material compliance with applicable Sanctions. Section 3.23 Insurance. The properties of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party operates. Section 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT Section 4.1 Closing Date. This Agreement shall not become effective, and the Issuing Bank shall have no obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, until the prior satisfaction of each of the following conditions (unless waived in writing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement) (capitalized terms used in this Section 4.1 having the meanings ascribed thereto in this Agreement prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date): (a) Loan Documents. The Issuing Bank shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of the Borrower, (ii) the Existing Control Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each party thereto, (iii) the Security Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each Loan Party that is a party thereto, (iv) the Fee Letter, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each party thereto and (v) the Equal Priority ICA Joinder Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each party thereto. (b) Fees and Expenses. All fees due to the Issuing Bank on the Closing Date (including those specified in the Fee Letter) shall have been paid in full in Dollars, and all reasonable and 

99 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW documented out-of-pocket expenses to be paid or reimbursed to the Issuing Bank on the Closing Date that have been invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date shall have been paid. (c) Solvency Certificate. The Issuing Bank shall have received a solvency certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E, executed by a Responsible Officer (which shall be the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or other officer with equivalent duties) of the Borrower. (d) [Reserved]. (e) Closing Certificate. The Issuing Bank shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof. (f) Legal Opinions. The Issuing Bank shall have received, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Bank, (i) a legal opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate Meagher Flom LLP, New York counsel to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (which opinion shall include a non- contravention opinion with respect to material debt) dated the date hereof and addressed to the Issuing Bank and (ii) legal opinions of applicable local counsel to the Borrower or to the Issuing Bank (which opinions shall include a existence, good standing, execution and delivery, authorization and authority with respect to each Foreign Subsidiary that is a Loan Party as of the Closing Date) dated the date of the date hereof and addressed to the Issuing Bank. (g) Organizational Documents. A certificate of an Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) as to copies of the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto, (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the incurrence of the Obligations hereunder and the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, and (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party (including, but not limited to, Requests for LC Activity and LC Applications) and the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith and (C) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document (in the case of the Borrower, including all notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, together with evidence of the incumbency of such authorized officers. (h) Uniform Commercial Code Filings. Each Uniform Commercial Code financing statement required as of the Closing Date by the Security Documents or under law to be filed in order to create in favor of the Issuing Bank, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.6), shall have been filed, or shall have been delivered to the Issuing Bank in proper form for filing, or arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank for such filing shall have been made. (i) PATRIOT Act; Beneficial Ownership. The Issuing Bank shall have received at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other information about the Borrower and the Guarantors required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act, that has been requested by the Issuing Bank in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. At least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have delivered a Beneficial Ownership Certification to the Issuing Bank to the extent the Issuing Bank has requested such certification, which 100 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities and Industry and Financial Markets Association, in relation to the Borrower. (j) Financial Statements. The Issuing Bank shall have received (a) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries for the three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 75 days prior to the Closing Date and (b) unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter (other than any fourth fiscal quarter) ended after the most recent audited financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (a) above and at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date. Section 4.2 Each Credit Event. The Issuing Bank s decision to effect or permit each Credit Event (including the initial Credit Event hereunder) is subject to the prior satisfaction of each of the following conditions (unless waived in writing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement): (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof. (b) No Default. (i) No event shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default. (ii) The issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, and the Reimbursement Obligations with respect thereto, constitute Equal Priority Obligations permitted pursuant to the Credit Agreement. (c) Collateral Account. (i) The Collateral Account is subject to the control of ULCA Collateral Agent. (ii) With respect to each Credit Event (including the first Credit Event requested hereunder), as of the date of the applicable Credit Event, the amount on deposit in the Collateral Account shall not be less than the Required Cash Level (and the Borrower shall have provided or caused to be provided to the Administrative Agent evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of the same). (d) Request for LC Activity. (i) Borrower shall have delivered a duly executed Request for LC Activity (with all required attachments, including an LC Application (if applicable)) to the applicable Issuing Bank at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date of the requested issuance or amendment of any applicable Letter of Credit, and the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit shall comply with Section 2.1(c). (e) Letter of Credit Reimbursement. There shall be no outstanding Reimbursement Obligations. To the extent such Credit Event includes an increase or reinstatement of the Stated Amount of any Letter of Credit following an LC Disbursement with respect to such Letter of Credit, all Reimbursement Obligations have been repaid in full in Dollars. 

101 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (f) Acceptance of Request for LC Activity by Issuing Bank. The Issuing Bank (in its sole discretion) shall have accepted such Request for LC Activity and agreed, subject to the prior satisfaction or waiver of each of the other conditions precedent set forth in this Section 4.2, to such Credit Event (as evidenced by such Issuing Bank s effecting or permitting such Credit Event). Each issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section. Section 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS The Borrower agrees that, so long as the Termination Conditions have not been satisfied, the Borrower shall and shall cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower to: Section 5.1 Financial Statements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent and take the following actions: (a) within 90 days (or the successor time period then in effect under the Exchange Act for a non-accelerated filer plus any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous year, audited by Ernst Young LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing, together with a report and opinion by such certified public accountants, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than solely as a result of (a) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness or (b) any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant on a future date or in a future period); and (b) not later than 45 days (or the successor time period then in effect under the Exchange Act for a non-accelerated filer plus any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2021, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding period in the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes). (c) If the Borrower has designated any of its Subsidiaries as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, then the annual and quarterly information required by Section 5.1(a) and 5.1(b) shall include information (which need not be audited or reviewed by the Borrower s auditors) regarding such Unrestricted Subsidiaries substantially comparable to the financial information of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries presented in the Offering Memorandum; provided that no such information shall be required if such financial information is not material compared to the applicable financial information of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or if such Unrestricted Subsidiaries are not material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Financial statements, segment information and other information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.1, Section 5.2 or Section 5.7 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower, as applicable, posts such 102 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW financial statements, segment information or other information, or provides a link thereto, on the website of the Borrower, as applicable; (ii) on which such financial statements, segment information or other information is posted on behalf of the Borrower on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which the Administrative Agent has access (whether a commercial or third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); or (iii) to the extent such financial statements, segment information or other information are set forth in the Borrower s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC, on which date such documents are filed for public availability on the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System. Section 5.2 Certificates; Other Information. Furnish to the Administrative Agent: (a) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1, a Compliance Certificate of the Borrower (the first such Compliance Certificate to be delivered for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2021) as of the last day of the fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower, as the case may be; (b) no later than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, a consolidated budget for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the following fiscal year (including a consolidated statement of projected results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of the following fiscal year presented on a quarterly basis); (c) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b), a narrative discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries, in each case, for such fiscal quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter; and (d) promptly, from time to time, such other customary information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and their compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, in each case, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. Section 5.3 Payment of Taxes. Pay, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, all Taxes required to be paid except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or (b) the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Law. (a)(i) Except as otherwise permitted by Section 6.9, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and good standing in its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by Section 6.4 or 6.9 or, other than with respect to the organizational existence of the Borrower, to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (b) comply with all Requirements of Law, except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (a) Keep all real and tangible Property and systems used, useful, or necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and 

103 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. Section 5.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions. Keep proper books of records and account in which entries which are full, true and correct, in all material respects, in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. Permit representatives of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time during normal business hours and as often as may reasonably be desired (but the Administrative Agent may not have more than one visit per any twelve month period except during an Event of Default), upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower, and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Borrower and the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries with officers and employees of the Borrower and the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries and with their independent certified public accountants (and the Borrower will be given the opportunity to participate in any such discussions with such independent certified accountants). So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such inspection, the Borrower shall not bear the cost of more than one such inspection per calendar year by the Administrative Agent (or its representatives). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.6, none of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or its representatives) is prohibited by any Requirement of Law or any binding agreement (provided that, with respect to any prohibition by any binding agreement, the Borrower shall attempt to obtain consent to such disclosure if requested by the Administrative Agent) or (iii) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. Section 5.7 Notices. Promptly after obtaining knowledge of the same, give notice to the Administrative Agent of: (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; (b) any dispute, claim, litigation investigation or proceeding (i) affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; and (c) any other development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Each notice pursuant to this Section 5.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto. Section 5.8 Environmental Laws. (a) Except in each case to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, comply with, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure compliance by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws, and obtain and comply with and maintain, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply with and maintain, any and all material Environmental Permits. (b) Except in each case to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, conduct and complete all investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other similar actions required 104 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW by any Governmental Authority under Environmental Laws, and promptly comply with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws. Section 5.9 Plan Compliance. Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, establish, maintain and operate any and all Pension Plans, Multiemployer Plans and Foreign Employee Benefit Plans (other than government- sponsored plans) in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable thereto and the respective requirements of the governing documents for such plans to the extent the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has the authority to establish, maintain and operate such plans. Section 5.10 Additional Guarantors; Additional Collateral, Collateral Limitations. (a) Subject to Section 5.12, the Borrower shall cause each Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a guarantor under any Existing Indenture and any other Equal Priority Obligations (other than (a) the Guarantors, (b) any Qualified Liquefaction Development Entities, (c) any Receivables Subsidiaries, (d) any Immaterial Subsidiaries, (e) any Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, (f) not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiary and (g) any Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee by it of the Obligations would result in material adverse tax consequences to any Loan Party, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in writing) to become a Guarantor under this Agreement and satisfy the requirements of this Section 5.10 within 60 days (subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent) of the later of (i) such Subsidiary becoming a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) the Borrower determining such Subsidiary ceased to meet any of the exceptions set forth in the preceding parenthetical. Such Subsidiary shall execute and deliver (A) a Joinder Agreement, (B) a joinder to the Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A thereto, (C) an acknowledgment to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Annex A thereto, (D) subject to the applicable limitations set forth in this Section 5.10, Security Documents in respect of the Collateral in the relevant jurisdictions outside of the United States, or, with respect to Single Lien Collateral (defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement), new agreements, or amendments, amendments and restatements, supplements or other modifications to Single Lien Security Documents (as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement) in respect of such Single Lien Collateral, (E) a perfection certificate for such Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary substantially in the form of the Perfection Certificate delivered on the Closing Date, and (F) all filings and other documents required by such Security Documents (including any Single Lien Security Documents) to create or perfect (to the extent required by such Security Documents) the security interests in the Collateral of such Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary. The Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to cause any Subsidiary that is not otherwise required to be a Guarantor to become a Guarantor (and no 60- day period described in the foregoing sentence shall apply to such Subsidiary). (b) The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Guarantor to, grant a first- priority perfected security interest upon any Property (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any real property, tankers and other marine vessels) that constitutes collateral under any Existing Indenture and any other Equal Priority Obligations as security for the Obligations, and satisfy the requirements of this Section 5.10 with regards to such Property, in each case substantially concurrently with (and in no event later than 90 days of) such Subsidiary becoming a guarantor under any Existing Indenture or any other Equal Priority Obligation and such Property becoming collateral under any Existing Indenture or any other Equal Priority Obligation (subject to extensions and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements as are reasonably agreed by the Issuing Bank).; provided that in the event that the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower grants a security interest upon any property or assets and/or Equity Interests of NFE Brazil Investments LLC NFE Brazil ), any direct or indirect Subsidiary of NFE Brazil, or any property or assets owned by any of the foregoing and/or any other entities organized or doing business in Brazil, in each case, as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and thereafter (the Brazilian Assets in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions (whether or not the Brazilian 

105 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Assets are then owned by any Unrestricted Subsidiary and notwithstanding any exclusions from the collateral and guarantee requirements in the Loan Documents with respect to Unrestricted Subsidiaries), the Borrower shall or shall cause the owner of such Brazilian Assets to take all actions necessary to vest in the ULCA Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected second-priority Lien in such Brazilian Assets as security for the Obligations, subject to an intercreditor agreement with the holders of the Indebtedness under the 2024 Financing Transactions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the ULCA Collateral Agent. Upon the granting of such Liens in favor of the ULCA Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Brazilian Assets shall be excluded from the definition of Excluded Assets and shall be deemed to be Collateral for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Loan Parties shall take all actions as required pursuant to Section 5.10 hereof to create, maintain, preserve, perfect or renew such Lien, including but not limited to promptly delivering local law pledges and perfection documentation, in each case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the ULCA Collateral Agent, in respect of any pledge or grant of a Lien upon the Brazilian Assets (including, without limitation, opinions of local counsel, organizational documents, and certificated equities, if applicable). (c) [Reserved]. (d) [Reserved]. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the extent that the Lien on any Collateral is not or cannot be created and/or perfected on the Closing Date (other than (a) by the execution and delivery of the Security Agreement by the Borrower and the Guarantors and (b) a Lien on Collateral that is of the type that may be perfected by the filing of a financing statement in the United States under the UCC), the Borrower shall take all necessary actions to create and/or perfect such Lien pursuant to arrangements to be mutually agreed between the Borrower and the ULCA Collateral Agent acting reasonably, including those Post-Closing Actions set forth on Schedule 5.12. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, it is understood and agreed that: (i) the ULCA Collateral Agent may waive or grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining Mortgages, policies of title insurance, legal opinions, surveys, appraisals or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Guarantee by any Restricted Subsidiary; (ii) other than with respect to the Collateral Account, which is governed by clause (e) below and any other Deposit Accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) with respect to which Borrower is required to deliver a Control Agreement pursuant to Section 5.18, (1) perfection by control shall not be required with respect to assets requiring perfection through control agreements or other control arrangements, including Deposit Accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts (other than control or possession of pledged Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) that constitute Collateral) and (2) no blocked account agreement, deposit account control agreement or similar agreement shall be required for any Deposit Account, securities account or commodities account; (iii) the ULCA Collateral Agent will only be authorized to take actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction to create security interests in assets located or titled outside of the U.S. or to perfect or make enforceable any security interests in any such assets as follows: (1) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Barbados as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares and debentures under the Laws of Barbados and any customary filings associated therewith; 106 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (2) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Bermuda as of the Closing Date, a share charge under the Laws of Bermuda and any customary filings associated therewith; (3) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Ireland as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares under the laws of Ireland and any customary filings associated therewith; (4) with respect to Equity Interests and Collateral located in Jamaica as of the Closing Date, (i) a debenture creating charges over Collateral, (ii) four share charges by a Barbadian parent over shares in four Jamaican subsidiaries, (iii) a share charge by a United States parent over shares in a Jamaican subsidiary and (iv) two mortgages over certain real property interests under the Laws of Jamaica (and Barbados, as applicable, with respect to the charge over shares), and any customary filings associated therewith; (5) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Mexico as of the Closing Date, equity interests pledge agreements and non-possessory pledge agreements under the Laws of Mexico, and any customary filings associated therewith; (6) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in The Netherlands as of the Closing Date, a pledge of shares and pledge on receivables and accounts under the Laws of The Netherlands, and any customary filings associated therewith; (7) with respect to Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Nicaragua as of the Closing Date, movable pledge over a Power Purchase Agreement under the laws of Nicaragua, and any customary filings associated therewith; (8) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Puerto Rico as of the Closing Date, a filing of the applicable financing statement before the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico Department of State s Secured Transactions Registry and any customary filings associated therewith; (9) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors incorporated in England and Wales as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares and debenture under the Laws of England and Wales and any customary filings associated therewith; and (10) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Foreign Subsidiaries that become Guarantors after the Closing Date, only such share pledges, debentures and similar instruments as are substantially consistent with those described in the foregoing (1) through (9), as applicable. (f) No actions shall be required to perfect a security interest in (1) any vehicle, tanker, marine vessel, ISO container or other asset subject to a certificate of title, other than tankers or other marine vessels with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million, (2) letter-of-credit rights not constituting supporting obligations of other Collateral, (3) the Equity Interests of any Immaterial Subsidiary not constituting Collateral, (4) the Equity Interests of any Person that is not a Subsidiary or (5) commercial tort claims with a value of less than 40.0 million, except in the case of each of clauses (1) through (5), perfection actions limited solely to the filing of a UCC financing statement. Section 5.11 Collateral Account. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein but subject to the immediately following sentences, the Borrower shall maintain the Required Cash Level in the Collateral Account. The Borrower (a) may maintain cash in the Collateral Account in excess of the Required Cash Level at any time and (b) shall, within five (5) Business Days after the Administrative Agent has applied any amounts from the Collateral Account to any Reimbursement 

107 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Obligations, restore the amount of cash on deposit in the Collateral Account to the Required Cash Level. So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, upon at least five (5) Business Days written notice to the Administrative Agent and the ULCA Collateral Agent, the Borrower shall have the right to request a withdrawal of the amount, if any, on deposit in the Collateral Account that exceeds the then applicable Required Cash Level, and promptly after receipt of written notice of any such request the ULCA Collateral Agent shall direct the Account Bank to transfer an amount equal to any such excess (or such lesser amount as requested by Borrower in accordance herewith) from the Collateral Account to the Borrower. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may invest deposits in the Collateral Account. On or prior to the date on which the ULCA Cash Collateral Agent is replaced or succeeded as Account Bank hereunder, the Borrower shall enter into a Control Agreement with respect to the Collateral Account with such replacement or successor Account Bank (which Account Bank and Control Agreement shall each be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). Section 5.12 Post-Closing Covenants. The Borrower shall, and shall cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to, take the actions set forth on Schedule 5.12 (the Post-Closing Actions within the time periods specified therein (it being understood that the Borrower and its subsidiaries shall not be required to enter into any Loan Documents governed by the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States until the date that is at least 90 days after the Closing Date (subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent, in each case as applicable)). Section 5.13 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Letters of Credit only for those purposes set forth in Section 3.16. Section 5.14 Further Assurances. From time to time execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional instruments, certificates or documents, and take such actions, as the ULCA Collateral Agent may, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, reasonably request for the purposes of more fully creating, maintaining, preserving, perfecting or renewing the Liens granted in favor of (together with the other rights of) the ULCA Collateral Agent (or with respect to any additions thereto or replacements or proceeds thereof or with respect to any other property or assets hereafter acquired by any Loan Party which are required to become part of the Collateral pursuant to Section 5.10) pursuant hereto or thereto. Upon the exercise by the ULCA Collateral Agent of any power, right, privilege or remedy pursuant to this Agreement, any Control Agreement or the other Loan Documents which requires any consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization of any Governmental Authority, the Borrower will execute and deliver, or will cause the execution and delivery of all applications, certifications, instruments and other documents and papers that the ULCA Collateral Agent may be reasonably required to obtain from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such governmental consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization. Section 5.15 Lender Meetings. Within 15 Business Days of each required delivery of financial statements referred to in Section 5.1(a) and Section 5.1(b), beginning with the delivery for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, the Borrower shall participate in a meeting of the Administrative Agent and Lenders to be held via a conference call or other teleconference at such times as may be reasonably agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Section 5.16 Lender Advisor. The Borrower consents to and shall promptly (and in any event, within five (5) Business Days of written request from the Administrative Agent) pay all documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of any financial advisor retained by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent (the Lender Advisor solely to the extent such Lender Advisor is the same financial advisor as any financial advisor retained by or on behalf of the administrative agent under the Revolving Credit Facility; provided, that the fees and expenses paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.16 plus any fees and expenses incurred under the Revolving Credit Agreement and that certain 108 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2024, (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Borrower, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and as collateral agent, collectively, shall not exceed 3,500,000.00 in the aggregate; provided, however, that if the 2024 Financing Transactions are not consummated on or prior to October 26, 2024, the fees and expenses paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.16 shall not exceed 6,500,000 in the aggregate. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall promptly cooperate with the Administrative Agent and the Lender Advisor upon written request with respect to reasonable requests for due diligence, access to management, and financial, operating, and other information, including, without limitation, relating to deliverables, documentation, and other reporting and/or updates related to the occurrence of the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event and its liquidity. Section 5.17 13-Week Forecasts. The Borrower shall prepare and deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lender Advisor, for prompt distribution to the Lenders, beginning on October 10, 2024, and bi-weekly on every other Thursday thereafter until June 30, 2025 (each such two- week period, a Forecasting Period ), (a) a weekly cash flow forecast covering the 13-week period following the end of each Forecasting Period (the 13-Week Forecast ), which 13-Week Forecast and any amendments thereto shall reflect, for the periods covered thereby, projected weekly disbursements, cash receipts, and ending cash for each week covered by the 13-Week Forecast on a line item basis in form reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (b) a variance report for the Forecasting Period with a narrative description of any material variances on a line item basis and setting forth on a line-item basis the aggregate amount of payments made and receipts received during such period, each along with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the effect that such 13-Week Forecast reflects the Borrower s good faith projection of all weekly cash receipts and disbursements and ending balance of available cash (as of the last Business Day of each week). The 13- Week Forecast shall be in form and scope reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Additionally, concurrently with the delivery of any cashflow reporting pursuant to documentation governing any Secured Notes Obligations (or pursuant to documentation related to any refinancing, replacement, or exchange thereof), the Borrower shall furnish such cashflow reporting to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Section 5.18 Control Agreements. (a) Within five (5) Business Days of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a schedule setting forth each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (including any Excluded Accounts) of each Loan Party existing as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and identifying the status of each such account as an Excluded Account or not an Excluded Account, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as being true, accurate, and complete as of the date of such delivery and confirming that no additional Deposit Account(s), securities account(s), or commodities account(s) have been opened since the Fourth Amendment Effective Date. (b) With respect to each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts) of each Loan Party existing as of the schedule delivered pursuant to Section 5.18(a), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, the Borrower shall within sixty (60) days of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date (which date may be extended by the ULCA Collateral Agent in its sole discretion), deliver a Control Agreement to the Common Representative for each such Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts of each Loan Party, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the ULCA Collateral Agent. Subject to the first sentence of this Section 5.18(b), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, at all times, each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts) established and/or 

109 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW maintained by each Loan Party must be subject to a Control Agreement except as otherwise agreed by the ULCA Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion. (c) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby grants a security interest to the ULCA Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in all any cash or Cash Equivalents, Deposit Account, commodities account or securities account (including securities entitlements and related assets, to secure the Obligations, and the foregoing shall constitute Collateral, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document. Section 5.19 2024 Financing Transactions. The Borrower shall have consummated the 2024 Financing Transactions on or prior to November 14, 2024. Section 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS The Borrower agrees that, so long as the Termination Conditions are not satisfied: Section 6.1 Limitation on Restricted Payments. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to: (i) declare or pay any dividend or make any payment or distribution on account of the Borrower s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries Equity Interests (in each case, solely to a holder of Equity Interests in such Person s capacity as a holder of such Equity Interests), including any dividend or distribution payable in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation other than: (A) dividends, payments or distributions by the Borrower payable solely in Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or in options, warrants or other rights to purchase Qualified Capital Stock; or (B) dividends, payments or distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any dividend, payment or distribution payable on or in respect of any class or series of securities issued by a Restricted Subsidiary other than a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata share of such dividend, payment or distribution in accordance with its Equity Interests in such class or series of securities; (ii) redeem, purchase, repurchase, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of the Borrower, including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation, in each case, held by a Person other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; (iii) make any principal payment on, or redeem, purchase, repurchase, defease, discharge or otherwise acquire or retire for value, in each case, prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, any Subordinated Indebtedness (such payment and other actions described in the foregoing (subject to the exceptions in clauses (A) and (B) below), Restricted Debt Payments ), other than: Section 6.3(b)(iii); or (A) Indebtedness permitted to be incurred or issued under (B) the prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or acquisition or retirement; or (iv) make any Restricted Investment, 110 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (all such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above (other than any exceptions thereto) being collectively referred to as Restricted Payments ), unless, at the time of such Restricted Payment: (1) in the case of a Restricted Payment under any of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above (other than with respect to amounts attributable to subclauses (A) and (C) through (H) of clause (2) below), no Event of Default described under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof; and (2) such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Issue Date pursuant to this clause (2), is less than the sum of (without duplication): (A) 75.0 million; plus (B) 50.0 of the cumulative Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower for each fiscal quarter (if greater than zero for such quarter) commencing on July 1, 2020 to the end of the most recent Test Period; plus (C) the sum of (x) the amount of any cash capital contribution to the common equity capital of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, plus (y) the cash proceeds received by the Borrower from any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock (including Treasury Capital Stock, and other than any Designated Preferred Stock or Refunding Capital Stock) of the Borrower after the Issue Date, plus (z) the Fair Market Value of Cash Equivalents, marketable securities or other property received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a capital contribution to the common equity capital of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, or that becomes part of the common equity capital of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of any consolidation, merger or similar transaction with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (in each case, other than any amount (A) constituting an Excluded Contribution, (B) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) consisting of any loan or advance made pursuant to clause (h)(i) of the definition of Permitted Investments received as cash equity by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (D) used to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(i)(B) or (xxix)(1), in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time or (E) used to incur Indebtedness or issue Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xviii)); plus (D) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from the incurrence after the Issue Date of any Indebtedness or from the issuance after the Issue Date of any Disqualified Stock, in each case, of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness owed or Disqualified Stock issued to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) that has been converted into or exchanged for Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time; plus (E) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time in connection with the disposition to any Person (other than the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of any Investment made pursuant to this clause (2); plus (F) to the extent not already reflected as a Return with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, the proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time in connection with cash Returns 

111 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW and similar cash amounts, including cash principal repayments of loans, in each case received in respect of any Investment made after the Issue Date pursuant to this clause (2); plus (G) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (2) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (equal to the lesser of (1) the Fair Market Value of the Investment of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation or merger, consolidation or amalgamation and (2) the Fair Market Value of the original Investments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of original Investments made in cash, the Fair Market Value thereof shall be such cash value), (B) the Fair Market Value of the assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made after the Issue Date pursuant to this clause (2) and (C) the Net Proceeds of any disposition of any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including the issuance or sale of the Equity Interests thereof) received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time; plus (H) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA and without duplication of any dividends, distributions or other Returns or similar amounts included in the calculation of any basket or other provision of this Agreement (and other than any amount that has previously been applied as an Excluded Contribution), dividends, distributions or other Returns received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from an Unrestricted Subsidiary or joint ventures or Investments in entities that are not Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that, for the avoidance of duplication, any item or amount that increases the amount of Excluded Contributions shall not also increase the amount available under this clause (2). (b) Section 6.1(a) shall not prohibit any of the following: (i) [Reserved]; (ii) any payments by the Borrower to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member thereof) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of the foregoing (or any options, warrants, profits interests, restricted stock units or equity appreciation rights or other equity-linked interests issued with respect to any of such Equity Interests), in each case pursuant to any management, director, employee, consultant and/or advisor equity plan or equity option plan, equity appreciation rights plan, or any other management, director, employee, consultant and/or advisor benefit plan or agreement or any equity subscription or equityholder agreement, any employment termination agreement or any other employment agreement or equityholders or similar agreement: (1) with cash and Cash Equivalents (and including, to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, amounts paid in respect of Indebtedness issued to evidence any obligation to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Equity Interests of the Borrower held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of the foregoing), including any Equity Interests rolled over by management, directors, employees or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any corporate transaction; provided that the aggregate amount of all such Restricted Payments made 112 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW pursuant to this clause (ii)(1) in any fiscal year shall not exceed the greater of 35.0 million and 10.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, which, if not used in such fiscal year, may be carried forward to succeeding fiscal years; (2) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of the Equity Interests of the Borrower (to the extent such proceeds have not otherwise been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments by virtue of clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or are not an Excluded Contribution); (3) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policy; or (4) the amount of any cash bonuses otherwise payable to future, present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are foregone in exchange for the receipt of Equity Interests of the Borrower pursuant to any compensation arrangement, including any deferred compensation plan; provided further, that cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any future, present or former employees, directors, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Section 6.1 or any other provision of this Agreement; (iii) Restricted Payments that are made (1) in an amount that does not exceed the aggregate amount of Excluded Contributions received following the Issue Date and (2) without duplication of clause (1), in an amount that does not exceed the aggregate net cash proceeds from any sale, conveyance, transfer or disposition of, or distribution in respect of, Investments acquired after the Issue Date, to the extent the acquisition of such Investments was financed in reliance on clause (1); (iv) Restricted Payments (1) to make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares or interests in connection with any share dividend, share split or share combination or any acquisition or Investment (or other similar transaction) or the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (2) consisting of (A) repurchases of Equity Interests in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible with or exchangeable for Equity Interests or upon the vesting of any profits interests, restricted stock units or similar incentive interests, and (B) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable by any future, present or former officer, director, employee, member of management, manager, member, partner, independent contractor and/or consultant (or any of their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or in lieu of repurchases described in the foregoing clause (A); (v) repurchases of Equity Interests upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests or upon the vesting of any profits interests, restricted stock units or similar incentive interests, in each case if such Equity Interests represent all or a portion of the exercise price of such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests as part of a cashless exercise upon such exercise or vesting, as applicable; (vi) [Reserved]; (vii) the declaration and payment of regular quarterly dividends or distributions, including the initial dividend or distribution following the Closing Date, to holders of the Borrower s common equity, in each case to the extent approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower in good faith prior to September 1, 2024; 

113 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (viii) (1) Restricted Payments to (A) redeem, repurchase, retire, defease, discharge or otherwise acquire any Equity Interests Treasury Capital Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, including any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of a sale or issuance (other than to the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower that is made within 120 days of such sale or issuance to the extent any such proceeds are received by or contributed to the capital of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock after the Issue Date Refunding Capital Stock and (B) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of such sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock or (2) if immediately prior to the retirement of Treasury Capital Stock, the declaration and payment of dividends thereon was permitted under Section 6.1(b)(xvii), the declaration and payment of dividends on the Refunding Capital Stock in an aggregate amount per fiscal year no greater than the aggregate amount of dividends per annum that were declarable and payable on such Treasury Capital Stock immediately prior to such retirement; (ix) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the making or consummation of any Asset Sale or Disposition not constituting an Asset Sale pursuant to the exclusions from the definition thereof or transaction in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.5(b) (other than pursuant to clause (iv) of such clause); (x) so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) then exists or would result therefrom, additional Restricted Payments; provided that the aggregate amount of all such Restricted Payments made and then outstanding pursuant to this clause (x) shall not exceed the greater of 100.0 million and 25.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xi) so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) then exists or would result therefrom, additional Restricted Payments so long as the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis at the time of the determination thereof, would not exceed 2.00 to 1.00; (xii) the distribution, by dividend or otherwise, or other transfer or disposition of Equity Interests of, or Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (or any Restricted Subsidiary that owns one or more Unrestricted Subsidiaries and no other material assets), other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries the primary assets of which are cash and Cash Equivalents; (xiii) payments or distributions (1) to satisfy dissenters or appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto (including any accrued interest), (2) made in connection with working capital adjustments or purchase price adjustments or (3) made in connection with the satisfaction of indemnity and other similar obligations, in each case pursuant to or in connection with any acquisition, other Investment, disposition or consolidation, amalgamation, merger or transfer of assets that is not prohibited under this Agreement; (xiv) Restricted Payments constituting fixed dividend payments in respect of Disqualified Stock incurred in accordance with Section 6.3 to the extent such Restricted Payments are included in the calculation of Fixed Charges; (xv) the declaration and payment of regular dividends or distributions to holders of Preferred Stock of Golar LNG Partners LP, a Marshall Islands limited partnership, for so long as such Preferred Stock is outstanding, provided that the amount of such dividends or distributions are not increased from the amounts of such dividends or distributions in effect on the Closing Date; (xvi) [Reserved]; 114 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (xvii) Restricted Payments consisting of (1) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued by the Borrower after the Issue Date, (2) the declaration and payment of dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock in excess of the dividends declarable and payable thereon pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(viii); provided, however, that, in the case of each of sub-clause (1) and sub- clause (2) of this clause (xvii), at the date of issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock or the declaration of such dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock, after giving effect to such issuance or declaration on a pro forma basis, the Borrower would have had a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 2.00 to 1.00; (xviii) [Reserved]; (xix) distributions or payments of Receivables Fees and purchases of receivables in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing or any repurchase obligation in connection therewith; (xx) (1) payments made to optionholders or holders of phantom equity or profits interests of the Borrower in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution made to stockholders of the Borrower (to the extent such distribution is otherwise permitted under this Agreement), which payments are being made to compensate such optionholders or holders of phantom equity or profits interests as though they were stockholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution (it being understood that no such payment may be made to an optionholder or holder of phantom equity or profits interests pursuant to this clause (xx) to the extent such payment would not have been permitted to be made to such optionholder or holder of phantom equity or profits interests if it were a stockholder pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.1) and (2) Restricted Payments to pay for the redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of Equity Interests of the Borrower for nominal value, from a former investor of an acquired business or a present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of an acquired business, which Equity Interests were issued as part of an earn-out or similar arrangement in the acquisition of such business, and which repurchase relates to the failure of such earn-out to fully vest; (xxi) [Reserved]; (xxii) the making of any Restricted Payment within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof or the giving of irrevocable notice thereof, as applicable, if, at such date of declaration or the giving of such notice, such payment would have been permitted by any of the other clauses in this Section 6.1 (and any Restricted Payment made in reliance on this clause (xxii) shall also be deemed to have been made under such applicable clause, except for the purpose of testing the permissibility of such Restricted Payment on the date it is actually made); (xxiii) the prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or other acquisition or retirement of any Subordinated Indebtedness (1) in accordance with provisions similar to those set forth in Sections 4.10 and 4.14 of the Existing Indentures or (2) after completion of an Asset Sale Offer or Advance Offer, as applicable, from any Declined Proceeds (as each term is defined in the Existing Indentures); (xxiv) [Reserved]; (xxv) Restricted Debt Payments made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.3; (xxvi) any Restricted Debt Payments made as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment; 

115 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (xxvii) [Reserved]; (xxviii) [Reserved]; (xxix) (1) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower and/or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (in each case, other than to or by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), (2) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Subordinated Indebtedness into Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower and (3) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in-kind interest with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness that is permitted under Section 6.3; (xxx) [Reserved]; (xxxi) Restricted Debt Payments with respect to Subordinated Indebtedness assumed pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xv) (other than any such Subordinated Indebtedness incurred (x) to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or (y) otherwise in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition), so long as such Restricted Debt Payment is made or deposited with a trustee or other similar representative of the holders of such Subordinated Indebtedness contemporaneously with, or substantially simultaneously with, the closing of the transaction under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is assumed; and (xxxii) any mandatory redemption, repurchase, retirement, termination or cancellation of Disqualified Stock (to the extent treated as Indebtedness outstanding and/or incurred in compliance with Section 6.3). The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) will be the Fair Market Value on the relevant date of determination, in the case of a Subject Transaction, or the date of the Restricted Payment of the assets or securities proposed to be transferred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to the Restricted Payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, no Restricted Payment may be made using proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole. (c) As of the Closing Date, NFE South Power Holdings Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Jamaica, and each of its Subsidiaries will be Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and all of the Borrower s other Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to become a Restricted Subsidiary except pursuant to the second and third paragraphs of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary . Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement and will not guarantee the Obligations. (d) Unrestricted Subsidiaries may use value transferred from the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.1 or in a Permitted Investment to purchase or otherwise acquire Indebtedness or Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries, and to transfer value to the holders of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to Affiliates thereof, and such purchase, acquisition, or transfer will not be deemed to be a direct or indirect action by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries. (e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (for the avoidance of doubt, subject to Permitted Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.6(d)) the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of a Sale and Lease-back Transaction), contribution, dividend or other investment of (i) any assets that constitute Material Intellectual Property, FLNG1 Assets, FLNG2 Assets or any 116 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Reinvested Assets other than Immaterial FLNG1 Maintenance Transactions or Immaterial FLNG2 Maintenance Transactions or (ii) any Equity Interests in any FLNG1 Subsidiaries, any FLNG2 Subsidiaries or any Subsidiaries that own or exclusively license Material Intellectual Property to any entity other than a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor satisfies the requirements of Section 5.10. Each FLNG1 Subsidiary and FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be, directly or indirectly, 100 owned by the Borrower. Section 6.2 Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause to become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to: (i) (1) pay dividends or make any other distributions to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor on its Equity Interests or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits, or (2) pay any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor; (ii) make loans or advances to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor; or (iii) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor. (b) The restrictions in Section 6.2(a) shall not apply to encumbrances or restrictions: (i) set forth in any agreement evidencing or governing (1) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.3 and any corresponding Organizational Documents of any such Restricted Subsidiary structured as a special purpose entity incurring such Indebtedness, (2) Secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Sections 6.3 and 6.6 if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or the assets intended to secure such Indebtedness, (3) Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(a) and Sections 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (xiv), (xv) and (xvii) (as it relates to Indebtedness in respect of Section 6.3(a) and Sections 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (xiv), (xv), (xviii), (xxi), (xxv), (xli) and/or (xlii)), and Sections 6.3(b)(xv), (xxi), (xxv), (xxxix), (xli) and/or (xlii) and (4) any Permitted Receivables Financing solely with respect to the assets subject to such Permitted Receivables Financing; (ii) arising under customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; (iii) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or right with respect to any assets or Equity Interests not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; (iv) that are assumed in connection with any acquisition of property or the Equity Interests of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its Subsidiaries (including the Equity Interests of the relevant Person or Persons) and/or property so acquired and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition; 

117 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (v) set forth in any agreement for any disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such disposition; (vi) set forth in provisions in agreements or instruments that prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Equity Interests of a Person other than on a pro rata basis; (vii) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company agreements, joint venture agreements, other organizational and governance documents and other similar agreements; (viii) on cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist; (ix) set forth in documents that exist on the Closing Date, including pursuant to the Existing Notes, the Existing Note Guarantees, the Existing Notes Indentures, the Credit Agreement, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and, in each case, related documentation and related Derivative Transactions; (x) (1) arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date or (2) arising under customary separateness, bankruptcy remoteness and similar provisions included in governing or other documents related to entities structured as special purpose entities in anticipation of financing arrangements, acquisition of assets or similar transactions, in each case, if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) (A) are not materially less favorable to the holders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, (B) generally represent market terms at the time of incurrence or structuring, as applicable, taken as a whole, or (C) would not, in the good faith determination of senior management of the Borrower, at the time of incurrence or structuring, as applicable, materially impair the Borrower s ability to pay the Obligations when due; (xi) arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or permit; (xii) arising in any Hedge Agreement and/or any agreement relating to Banking Services; (xiii) relating to any asset (or all of the assets) of and/or the Equity Interests of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any disposition of such asset (or assets) and/or all or a portion of the Equity Interests of the relevant Person that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement; (xiv) set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limits the right of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto; (xv) restrictions or conditions contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, sale or other agreement to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; provided that such agreement (i) prohibits the encumbrance of solely the property or assets of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary that are subject to such agreements, the payment rights arising thereunder or the proceeds thereof and does not extend to any other asset or property of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or the assets or property of another 118 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) would not, in the good faith of the Borrower, at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, materially impair the Borrower s ability to make payments under the Loan Documents when due; (xvi) any encumbrance or restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary that was previously an Unrestricted Subsidiary which encumbrance or restriction exists pursuant to or by reason of an agreement that such Subsidiary is a party to or entered into before the date on which such Subsidiary became or is redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such agreement was not entered into in anticipation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming or being redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary and any such encumbrance or restriction does not extend to any assets or property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the assets and property of such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries; and/or (xvii) imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (i) through (xvi) above; provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.2, (1) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior to dividends or liquidating distributions being paid on common stock shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make distributions on Equity Interests and (2) the subordination of (including the application of any standstill requirements to) loans and advances made to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to other Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make loans or advances. Section 6.3 Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise (collectively, incur and collectively, an incurrence with respect to any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) and the Borrower shall not issue any shares of Disqualified Stock and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any shares of Disqualified Stock or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to issue Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Borrower may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) and issue shares of Disqualified Stock, and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), and issue shares of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Borrower would have been at least 2.00 to 1.00, determined on a pro forma basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the additional Indebtedness had been incurred, or the Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock had been issued, as the case may be, and the application of proceeds therefrom had occurred at the beginning of the Test Period. (b) The provisions of Section 6.3(a) shall not apply to: (i) the incurrence of Indebtedness under Credit Facilities by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers acceptances thereunder (with letters of credit and bankers acceptances being deemed to have a principal amount equal to the face amount thereof), up to an aggregate outstanding principal amount (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) not to exceed, except as 

119 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), the greater of (i) 175.0 million and (ii) 50.0 of Annualized EBITDA; (ii) the Indebtedness represented by the obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Existing Notes (including any Existing Note Guarantee thereof) outstanding on the Closing Date; (iii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower issued or owing to any Restricted Subsidiary and/or of any Restricted Subsidiary issued or owing to the Borrower and/or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Guarantor owing to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations (but only to the extent any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is outstanding at any time after the date that is 30 days after the Closing Date and thereafter only to the extent permitted by applicable law and not giving rise to material adverse tax consequences); (iv) Indebtedness in respect of Permitted Receivables Financings; (v) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock (1) arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn out or similar obligations (including contingent earn out obligations), in each case, incurred, issued or assumed in connection with any disposition, any acquisition or Investment permitted under this Agreement or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Equity Interests, and (2) arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement described in the foregoing subclause (1); (vi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (1) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, completion, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including relating to any litigation not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(6)) and (2) in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments to support any of the foregoing items; (vii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Banking Services (including Indebtedness owed on a short-term basis to banks and other financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm that arises in connection with ordinary banking arrangements to manage cash balances of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) and incentive, supplier finance or similar programs; (viii) (1) guaranties by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (2) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in respect of obligations of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services and (3) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (ix) guarantees of Indebtedness by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 120 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement; (x) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing on the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness described in clause (i) or (ii) above); (xi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 100.0 million and 25.0 of Annualized EBITDA; (xii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xiii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (1) the financing of insurance premiums, (2) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, and/or (3) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xiv) Indebtedness (including with respect to Financing Leases and purchase money Indebtedness), Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance or refinance the acquisition, construction, lease, expansion, development, design, installation, repair, replacement, relocation, renewal, maintenance, upgrade or improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or any other asset (whether through the direct purchase of property, equipment or other assets or Equity Interests of any Person owning such property, equipment or other assets); provided that such incurrence or issuance is prior to, at the time of or within two years after the completion of such acquisition, construction, lease, expansion, development, installation, repair, replacement, relocation, renewal, maintenance, upgrade or improvement; (xv) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (1) of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance an acquisition or Investment or (2) of Persons that are acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or merged into, amalgamated with or consolidated with the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including designating an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary) or that are assumed in connection with an acquisition of assets; provided that after giving pro forma effect to such Investment, acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation, either: (A) the Borrower would be permitted to incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth in Section 6.3(a) or (B) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Borrower is equal to or greater than immediately prior to such Investment, acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; (xvi) Indebtedness issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any shareholder of the Borrower or any future, current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Borrower permitted under Section 6.1; 

121 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (xvii) the incurrence or issuance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued in exchange for or as a replacement of (including by entering into alternative financing arrangements in respect of such exchange or replacement (in whole or in part), by adding or replacing lenders, creditors, agents, Borrowers and/or guarantors, or, after the original instrument giving rise to such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock has been terminated, by entering into any credit agreement, loan agreement, note purchase agreement, indenture or other agreement), or the net proceeds of which are to be used for the purpose of modifying, extending, refinancing, renewing, replacing, redeeming, repurchasing, defeasing, acquiring, amending, supplementing, restructuring, repaying, prepaying, retiring, extinguishing or refunding (collectively, refinance with refinances , refinanced and refinancing having a correlative meaning) any Indebtedness (or unutilized commitment in respect of Indebtedness), Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued as permitted under the first paragraph of this Section 6.3 or any of clauses (i), (ii), (x), (xi), (xiv), (xv), (xvii), (xviii), (xxi), (xxiii), (xxiv), (xxv), (xxxvi), (xli) and (xlii) of this Section 6.3(b) (in any case, including any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness and such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being refinanced, the Refinanced Indebtedness and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided that: (1) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Refinanced Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of such refinancing, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, dividends and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus defeasance costs, underwriting discounts and other fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, closing payments, original issue discount, initial yield payments and similar fees) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized and letters of credit undrawn thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.3 (provided that (1) any additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this clause (xvii) (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (2) if such additional Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted pursuant to Section 6.6); (2) solely in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued under Section 6.3(b)(x), (A) such Refinancing Indebtedness either (1) has a final maturity the same as or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) or (2) requires no or nominal payments in cash (other than interest payments) prior to, in each case, the earlier of (x) the final maturity of the Refinanced Indebtedness and (y) the Maturity Date and (B) other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, such Refinancing Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Refinanced Indebtedness (without giving effect to any amortization or prepayments in respect of such Refinanced Indebtedness); (3) such Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include: (A) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower; (B) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Guarantor; or 122 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (C) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and (4) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.3(b)(i) or that is secured by Liens on the Collateral that are equal in priority (without regard to control of remedies) with the Obligations, such Refinancing Indebtedness ranks equal or junior in right of payment with the Obligations and is secured by Liens on the Collateral on an equal or junior priority basis with respect to the Obligations or is unsecured; provided that any such Refinancing Indebtedness that is (A) secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking on an equal priority basis (but without regard to control of remedies) with the Obligations shall be subject to an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or (B) secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations shall be subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement; (xviii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Guarantors; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xviii) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to 100.0 of the net proceeds received by the Borrower since immediately after the Issue Date from the issue or sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower or cash contributed to the capital of the Borrower (other than proceeds of Disqualified Stock or sales of Equity Interests to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) to the extent such net proceeds have not otherwise been applied to make Restricted Payments pursuant to clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or to make Permitted Investments (other than Permitted Investments specified in any of clauses (a), (b) and (e) of the definition thereof); (xix) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative Transaction that was, at the time entered into, not for speculative purposes; (xx) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (1) deferred compensation to current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors and consultants of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries and (2) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with any Investment or any acquisition permitted under this Agreement; (xxi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xxi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 215.0 million and 60.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xxii) [Reserved]; (xxiii) the incurrence of Indebtedness constituting Junior Priority Obligations up to an aggregate outstanding principal amount (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such 

123 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Indebtedness then outstanding) not to exceed, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), an amount such that, after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such amount and the application of the proceeds therefrom, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio of the Borrower would be no greater than 4.00 to 1.00; provided that for purposes of determining the amount that may be incurred under this clause (xxiii), all Indebtedness incurred under this clause (xxiii) shall be deemed to be Consolidated Secured Debt; (xxiv) the incurrence of Indebtedness that is secured by Liens on assets that do not constitute Collateral (assuming, for purposes of this clause (xxiv) and future ratio calculations for so long as such Indebtedness remains outstanding, that such assets constitute Collateral), up to an aggregate outstanding principal amount (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) not to exceed, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), an amount such that, after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of such amount and the application of the proceeds therefrom, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio of the Borrower would be no greater than 4.00 to 1.00; provided that for purposes of determining the amount that may be incurred under this clause (xxiv), all Indebtedness incurred under this clause (xxiv) shall be deemed to be Consolidated Secured Debt; (xxv) Indebtedness (including in the form of Financing Leases) of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with Sale and Lease-Back Transactions; (xxvi) [Reserved]; (xxvii) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance compensation claims; (xxviii) [Reserved]; (xxix) [Reserved]; (xxx) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any letter of credit, bank guaranty or similar instrument issued in compliance with this Section 6.3 in a principal amount not exceeding the face amount of such instrument; (xxxi) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xxxii) (i) customer deposits and advance payments (including progress premiums) received in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm from customers or (ii) obligations to pay, in each case, for goods and services purchased or sold in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xxxiii) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest with respect to Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary otherwise permitted under this Agreement; (xxxiv) [Reserved]; 124 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (xxxv) [Reserved]; (xxxvi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for the benefit of joint ventures; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xxxvi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 50.0 million and 15.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xxxvii) [Reserved]; (xxxviii) [Reserved]; (xxxix) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that the net proceeds thereof are promptly deposited with the applicable trustee in connection with a legal defeasance, covenant defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of any Indebtedness; (xl) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred through the provision of bonds, guarantees, letters of credit or similar instruments required by any maritime commission or authority or other governmental or regulatory agencies, including, without limitation, customs authorities in connection with ships owned or chartered or ordinary course business conducted by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, not to exceed the amount required by such governmental or regulatory authority; (xli) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness in relation to: (i) regular maintenance required to maintain the classification of any of the ships owned or chartered on bareboat terms by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) scheduled dry-docking of any of the ships owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for normal maintenance purposes and (iii) any expenditures that will or reasonably may be expected to be recoverable from insurance on such ships; and (xlii) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness to finance the replacement of a marine vessel upon the total loss, destruction, condemnation, confiscation, requisition, seizure or forfeiture of, or other taking of title to or use of, such marine vessel (collectively, a Total Loss in an aggregate principal amount no greater than the amount that is equal to the contract price for such replacement marine vessel less all compensation, damages and other payments (including insurance proceeds other than in respect of business interruption insurance) received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Person in connection with such Total Loss in excess of amounts actually used to repay Indebtedness secured by the marine vessel subject to such Total Loss. (c) For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the accrual of interest or dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount and the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness or additional Equity Interests and (b) the obligation to pay a premium in respect of Indebtedness arising in connection with the issuance of a notice of prepayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, acquisition or similar payment or making of a mandatory offer to prepay, redeem, repurchase, defease, acquire, or similarly pay such Indebtedness will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness or issuance of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock for purposes of this Section 6.3. (d) For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.3, the principal amount of Indebtedness or the liquidation preference of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock 

125 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW outstanding under any clause of this Section 6.3 shall be determined after giving effect to the application of proceeds of any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock to refinance any such other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock. This Agreement will not treat (1) unsecured Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to Secured Indebtedness merely because such Indebtedness is unsecured or (2) Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to any other Indebtedness solely because such Indebtedness has a junior priority with respect to shared collateral or because it is secured by different collateral or issued or guaranteed by other obligors. Section 6.4 Asset Sales. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, an Asset Sale unless: (i) the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, in connection with such Asset Sale) at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market Value (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of; and (ii) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75.0 of the consideration (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) for such Asset Sale, together with all other Asset Sales completed or contractually agreed upon since the Issue Date (on a cumulative basis), received (or to be received) by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents. (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Collateral may be transferred to any Unrestricted Subsidiary other than cash to service the Indebtedness (i) incurred in connection with the 2024 Transactions and not to exceed the amount required to pay principal, interest, premiums, expenses, indemnities or fees then due and payable; provided the foregoing shall not be deemed to permit regularly scheduled amortization payments other than the final payment of principal due at maturity and (ii) incurred prior to the Closing Date by NFE South Power Holdings Limited and consistent with past practice. (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of a Sale and Lease-back Transaction), contribution, dividend or other investment of (i) any assets that constitute FLNG1 Assets, FLNG2 Assets or any Reinvested Assets other than Immaterial FLNG1 Maintenance Transactions or (ii) any Equity Interests in any FLNG1 Subsidiaries or FLNG2 Subsidiaries, in each case, to any entity other than a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor satisfies the requirements of Section 5.10. Each FLNG1 Subsidiary and each FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be, directly or indirectly, 100 owned by the Borrower. (b) For purposes of Section 6.4(a)(ii) (and no other provision), the following shall be deemed to be cash or Cash Equivalents: (i) the greater of the principal amount and the carrying value of any liabilities (as reflected on the most recent balance sheet of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or in the footnotes thereto, or if incurred, accrued or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities that would have been reflected on the balance sheet of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or in the footnotes thereto if such incurrence, accrual or increase had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets (or are otherwise extinguished in 126 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW connection with the transactions relating to such Asset Sale) pursuant to a written agreement which releases or indemnifies the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such liabilities; (ii) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Asset Sale; (iii) any securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted or reasonably expected by the Borrower acting in good faith to be converted by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents or by their terms are required to be satisfied for cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received), in each case, within 180 days following the closing of such Asset Sale; and (iv) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market Value (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value), taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (iv) that is outstanding at such time, not in excess of the greater of 50.0 million and 15.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Section 6.5 Transactions with Affiliates. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with any Affiliate of the Borrower (each of the foregoing, an Affiliate Transaction involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of (at the time of the relevant transaction) the greater of 25.0 million and 7.5 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, unless: (i) such Affiliate Transaction is on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm s-length basis or, if in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, no comparable transaction is available with which to compare such Affiliate Transaction, such Affiliate Transaction is otherwise fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view and when such transaction is taken in its entirety; and (ii) the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent with respect to any Affiliate Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of the greater of 50.0 million and 15.0 of Annualized EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving such Affiliate Transaction. (b) Section 6.5(a) shall not apply to the following (provided, for clarity, Section 6.5(a) shall always apply to FLNG1 Collateral or the FLNG2 Collateral): (i) any transaction between or among the Borrower, one or more Restricted Subsidiaries and/or one or more joint ventures with respect to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries holds Equity Interests (or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or a joint venture, as applicable, as a result of such transaction) to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement; (ii) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower; 

127 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (iii) (1) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors, (2) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Equity Interests pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors, (3) transactions pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any supplemental executive retirement benefit plan, any health, disability or similar insurance plan that covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement and (4) any transaction with an Immediate Family Member of a current or former officer, director, member of management, manager, employee, member, partner, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in connection with any agreement, arrangement or transaction described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (3); (iv) (1) Restricted Payments not prohibited by Section 6.1 (other than pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ix)) and the definition of Permitted Investments (other than clause (ll) of such definition) and (2) issuances of Equity Interests and issuances and incurrences of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock not restricted by this Agreement; (v) transactions in existence on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Secured Parties or (ii) more disadvantageous, in any material respect, to the Secured Parties than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date, in each case as determined in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower; (vi) the payment of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to any Management Investor and any of their respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, independent contractors and consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) in connection with such management, monitoring, consulting, advisory or similar services provided by them, whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods; (vii) [Reserved]; (viii) compensation to Affiliates in connection with financial advisory, consulting, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities and other transaction fees, including in connection with any acquisitions or divestitures, which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the Borrower in good faith; (ix) guarantees not prohibited by Section 6.1, Section 6.3 or the definition of Permitted Investments (x) [Reserved]; (xi) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the Board of Directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, consultants and independent contractors (or any Immediate Family Members of the foregoing) of the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xii) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the 128 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, which are (1) fair to the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or the senior management thereof or (2) on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from a Person other than an Affiliate; (xiii) (1) the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, any equityholders agreement, investor rights agreement or the equivalent (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto) to which it is a party as of the Closing Date and any similar agreements which it may enter into thereafter; provided, however, that the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of obligations under any future amendment to any such existing agreement or under any similar agreement entered into after the Closing Date shall only be permitted by this clause (xiii) to the extent that the terms of any such amendment or new agreement are not otherwise materially disadvantageous in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower to the Borrower when taken as a whole as compared to the applicable agreement as in effect on the Closing Date and (2) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating to registration rights and indemnities provided to equityholders of the Borrower pursuant to any equityholders agreement, investor rights agreement or the equivalent (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto); (xiv) [Reserved]; (xv) any transaction in which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that the terms are not materially less favorable, when taken as a whole, to the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm s length basis; Financing; (xvi) transactions in connection with any Permitted Receivables (xvii) (1) Affiliate purchases of the Existing Notes to the extent permitted under the Existing Indentures, the holding of such Existing Notes and the payments and other related transactions in respect thereof (including any payment of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Affiliate in connection therewith), (2) other investments by Fortress, its Affiliates or Permitted Holders in securities or loans of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (and any payment of out-of- pocket expenses incurred by such Permitted Holders in connection therewith), so long as the investment is being offered generally to other investors on the same terms or on terms that are more favorable to the Borrower and (3) payments to Fortress, its Affiliates or Permitted Holders in respect of securities or loans of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries contemplated in the foregoing subclause (2) or that were acquired from Persons other than the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such securities or loans; (xviii) transactions undertaken pursuant to a shared services agreement or pursuant to a membership in a purchasing consortium; (xix) payment to any Permitted Holder of out of pocket expenses incurred by such Permitted Holder in connection with any direct or indirect Investment in the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 

129 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (xx) the issuance or transfer of (1) Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower and the granting and performing of customary registration rights and (2) directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals as required by applicable law; (xxi) transactions with a Person (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary) that is an Affiliate of the Borrower arising solely because the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owns any Equity Interests in, or controls, such Person; (xxii) any lease entered into between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any Affiliate of the Borrower, on the other hand, which is approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or is entered into in the ordinary course of business; (xxiii) intellectual property licenses entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xxiv) transactions between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person that would constitute an Affiliate solely because a director of such other Person is also a director of the Borrower; provided, however, that such director abstains from voting as a director of the Borrower on any matter including such other Person; (xxv) (1) pledges of Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (2) in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness not prohibited by Section 6.3, pledges of equity interests of a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity to secure such Indebtedness; (xxvi) any transition services arrangement, supply arrangement or similar arrangement entered into in connection with or in contemplation of the disposition of assets or Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary not in violation of Section 6.4 that the Board of Directors of the Borrower determines is either fair to the Borrower or otherwise on customary terms for such type of arrangements in connection with similar transactions; (xxvii) transactions entered into by an Unrestricted Subsidiary with an Affiliate prior to the redesignation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such transaction was not entered into in anticipation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming or being redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary; (xxviii) payments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to tax sharing agreements among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on customary terms; provided that such payments shall not exceed the excess (if any) of the amount of taxes that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have paid on a stand-alone basis over the amount of such taxes actually paid by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries directly to governmental authorities; (xxix) payments to and from, and transactions with, any joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiary entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including any cash management activities related thereto); and (xxx) transactions undertaken in good faith (as certified by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower in an Officer s Certificate) for the purposes of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not for the purpose of circumventing any covenant set forth in this Agreement. Section 6.6 Liens. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, create, incur or assume any Lien (except Permitted Liens) (each, a Subject Lien that secures obligations under any Indebtedness on any asset or property of the Borrower or any Guarantor, unless: 130 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW is a Permitted Lien; and (i) in the case of Subject Liens on any Collateral, such Subject Lien (ii) in the case of any Subject Lien on any such asset or property that is not Collateral, (i) the Obligations are equally and ratably secured with (or, at the Borrower s option or if such Subject Lien secures Subordinated Indebtedness, on a senior basis to) the obligations secured by such Subject Lien until such time as such obligations are no longer secured by such Subject Lien. (b) Any Lien created for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to clause (a)(ii) of this Section 6.6 shall provide by its terms that such Lien shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon the release and discharge of the Subject Lien that gave rise to the obligation to secure the Obligations. In addition, in the event that a Subject Lien is or becomes a Permitted Lien, the Borrower may, at its option and without consent from the UCLA Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, elect to release and discharge any Lien created for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to Section 6.6(a) in respect of such Subject Lien. (c) With respect to any Lien securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such Lien shall also be permitted to secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness. The Increased Amount of any Indebtedness shall mean any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with any accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same terms, accretion of original issue discount or liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of property securing Indebtedness. Section 6.7 [Reserved]. (d) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to directly or indirectly, create, incur or assume any Lien over the FLNG1 Asset (or Reinvested Assets), the FLNG2 Asset (or Reinvested Assets) or over any of the Equity Interests of any FLNG1 Subsidiary or FLNG2 Subsidiary other than Permitted Liens of the type described in clauses (a), (b), (c)(i), (c)(ii), (mm)(I), (rr) and (ss) of the definition thereof. (e) The Borrower shall not permit any Liens to attach to the Brazilian Assets (other than Permitted Liens) unless pursuant to the 2024 Financing Transactions and the Borrower complies with Section 5.10(b) with respect to granting a junior-priority lien to secure the Obligations. Section 6.7 Dispositions of Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey, distribute or otherwise dispose, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of property or assets (including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction) of the Borrower or any Guarantor that constitute Collateral to any Affiliate of the Borrower or Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor other than (i) in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice and (ii) cash to service the Indebtedness incurred in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions not to exceed the amount required to pay principal, interest, premiums, expenses, indemnities or fees then due and payable; provided the foregoing shall not be deemed to permit regularly scheduled amortization payments other than the final payment of principal due at maturity. Section 6.8 [Reserved]. Section 6.9 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets. (a) The Borrower shall not merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Borrower is the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey 

131 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: (i) the Borrower is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or winding up (if other than the Borrower) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia (the Borrower or such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the Successor Company (ii) the Successor Company (if other than the Borrower) expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents pursuant to joinders hereto and to the applicable Security Documents, or other documents or investments in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, and has provided all documentation and other information required by the Secured Parties under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act; (iii) immediately after such transaction, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (iv) in the case of the Borrower, immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and any related financing transactions, as if such transactions had occurred at the beginning of the Test Period, either: (1) the Successor Company would be permitted to incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth in Section 6.3(a), or (2) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio immediately after such transaction would be equal to or greater than the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to such transaction; (v) to the extent any assets of the Person who is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Successor Company are assets of the type that would constitute Collateral under the Security Documents, the Successor Company will take such action as may be reasonably necessary to cause such property and assets to be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Security Documents in the manner and to the extent required in this Agreement or the applicable Security Documents and shall take all reasonably necessary action so that such Lien is perfected to the extent required by the applicable Security Documents. (b) The Successor Company will succeed to and be substituted for the Borrower under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the other applicable Loan Documents and the Borrower will automatically be released and discharged from its obligations under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Loan Documents, as applicable. Notwithstanding clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 6.9(a), (i) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties and assets to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the Borrower may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into an Affiliate of the Borrower solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Borrower in the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia, and 132 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (iii) the Borrower may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties and assets to any Guarantor. (c) Subject to the provisions described in this Agreement and the Security Documents governing release of a Guarantee, no Guarantor shall, and the Borrower shall not permit a Guarantor to, merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Guarantor is the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its and its Restricted Subsidiaries properties or assets, taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: (i) such Guarantor is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or winding up (if other than such Guarantor) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor or any other Guarantor or the laws of the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia (such Guarantor or such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the Successor Guarantor (ii) the Successor Guarantor, if other than such Guarantor, expressly assumes all the obligations of such Guarantor under this Agreement and such Guarantor s related Guarantee pursuant to joinders hereto and to the applicable Security Documents and the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or other documents or instruments; and (iii) to the extent any assets of the Person who is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Successor Guarantor are assets of the type that would constitute Collateral under the Security Documents, the Successor Guarantor will take such action as may be reasonably necessary to cause such property and assets to be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Security Documents in the manner and to the extent required in this Agreement or the applicable Security Documents and shall take all reasonably necessary action so that such Lien is perfected to the extent required by the applicable Security Documents; or (iv) the transaction is not prohibited by Section 6.4. (d) The Successor Guarantor will succeed to, and be substituted for, such Guarantor under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents and such Guarantor s Guarantee and such Guarantor will automatically be released and discharged from its obligations under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents. (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Guarantor may (i) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties or assets to another Guarantor or the Borrower, (ii) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower solely for the purpose of reincorporating or reorganizing such Guarantor in the United States, any state or territory thereof, the District of Columbia or the jurisdiction of organization of any other Guarantor, (iii) convert into a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor or any other Guarantor, or the laws of a jurisdiction in the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia or (iv) liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the 

133 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Secured Parties, in each case, without regard to the requirements set forth in Section 6.9(c). Section 6.10 Financial Covenants. (a) Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of any Test Period (excluding, on and after the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the Test Period ending September 30, 2024, and, subject to the occurrence of the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event, excluding the Test Periods ending on December 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025) to exceed 0.70 to 1.00; provided, however, if the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event does not occur, then the Test Period ending September 30, 2024 shall not be excluded from the obligation in this Section 6.10(a) and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall be required to demonstrate that it did not permit the Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the Test Periods ending September 30, 2024, December 31, 2024, and March 31, 2025 to exceed 0.70 to 1.00. (b) Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio. Commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2021, if, as of the last Business Day of any Test Period, the Borrower is required to test the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio under Section 6.10 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio as of the last day of such Test Period to be greater than 5.00 to 1.00. (c) Minimum Consolidated Liquidity. (i) Commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2024, the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Liquidity to be less than 100,000,000.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. (ii) Commencing with the calendar month ending October 31, 2024, the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Liquidity to be less than 50,000,000.00 as of the last day of any calendar month. Section 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 7.1 Events of Default. (a) Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default : (1) the Borrower shall fail to pay any Reimbursement Obligation within seven (7) Business Days of the applicable LC Disbursement (unless sufficient funds are immediately available in cash in the Collateral Account for payment of such Reimbursement Obligation and are so applied at the end of such period); or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest, fees or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, within five (5) Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof; or (2) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or (3) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in clause (i) of Section 5.4(a) (with respect to the Borrower only), Section 5.7(a), Section 5.16, Section 5.17, Section 5.19 or Section 6; or 134 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (4) (A) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in Section 5.18, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party obtains knowledge of such default and (ii) the date on which the Borrower has received written notice of such default from the Administrative Agent; or (B) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in clauses (1) through (3) of this Section 7.1(a)), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 60 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party obtains knowledge of such default and (ii) the date on which the Borrower has received written notice of such default from the Administrative Agent, or if such default is of a nature that it cannot with reasonable effort be completely remedied within said period of 60 days, such additional period of time as may be reasonably necessary to cure same, provided that the applicable Loan Party commences such cure within such 60 day period and diligently prosecutes same, until completion, but in no event shall such extended period exceed 90 days; or (5) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there is issued or by which there is secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than (i) Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any Permitted Receivables Financing, (iii) with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (iv) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary as to which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying a resolution adopted by the Borrower to the effect that the obligees of such Indebtedness have no recourse to the assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor), whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists or is created after the Closing Date, if both: (A) such default either results from the failure to pay any principal of such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods) or relates to an obligation other than the obligation to pay principal of any such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity and results in the holder or holders of such Indebtedness causing such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated final maturity; and (B) the principal amount of such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness in default for failure to pay principal at stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, is in the aggregate equal to 100.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent); provided that if any such acceleration is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently concluded, then the Event of Default by reason thereof would not be deemed to have occurred until the conclusion of such proceedings; (6) failure by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary (other than any Receivables Subsidiary) (or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, other than any Receivables Subsidiary) to pay final non-appealable judgments aggregating in excess of 100.0 million (to the extent not covered by insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied its obligation), which final non-appealable judgments remain unpaid, undischarged and unstayed for a period of more than 90 days after such judgment becomes final and non- appealable, and, in the event such judgment is covered by insurance, an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or decree which is not promptly stayed; provided that 

135 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW such failure shall not be an Event of Default with respect to a judgment against a Significant Subsidiary as to which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of the Borrower to the effect that the creditors of such Significant Subsidiary have no recourse to the assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor (other than such Significant Subsidiary) and that the Board of Directors of the Borrower has determined in good faith that the assets of such Significant Subsidiary have a Fair Market Value less than the sum of (x) the amount of such outstanding judgment, and (y) the outstanding Indebtedness of such Significant Subsidiary; (7) the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, other than a Receivables Subsidiary), pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law: (i) commences proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent; (ii) consents to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under applicable Bankruptcy Law; (iii) consents to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property; (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (v) makes an admission in writing of its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; or (8) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: (i) is for relief against the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary), in a proceeding in which the Borrower or any such Significant Subsidiary or any such group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary, is to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent; (ii) appoints a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary), or for all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower or any such Significant Subsidiary or any such group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary; or 136 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW (iii) orders the liquidation of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary); and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; or (9) (i) any Person shall engage in any prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Pension Plan, (ii) any failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Pension Plan, or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Pension Plan shall arise on the assets of the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity, (iii) a Reportable Event shall occur with respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Pension Plan, which Reportable Event or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuing Bank, likely to result in the termination of such Pension Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (iv) any Pension Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA or (v) the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity shall incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal from, or the Insolvency of, a Multiemployer Plan; and in each case in clauses (i) through (v) above, such event or condition results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (10) (i) (A) the Liens created by the Security Documents (other than those relating to the Collateral Account) shall at any time not constitute a valid and perfected Lien on any material portion of the Collateral intended to be covered thereby (unless perfection is not required by this Agreement or the Security Documents) other than (1) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Security Document and this Agreement, (2) as a result of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions or (3) any loss of perfection that results from the failure of the Controlling Authorized Representative or Issuing Bank to maintain possession of certificates delivered to it representing securities pledged under the Security Documents or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements or (B) the Liens on the Collateral Account created by the Security Documents shall at any time not constitute a valid and perfected Lien on any material portion of the Collateral intended to be covered thereby (unless perfection is not required by this Agreement or the Security Documents) other than (1) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Security Document and this Agreement, (2) as a result of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions and the termination or expiration of all Letters of Credit or (3) any loss of perfection that results from the failure of the Controlling Authorized Representative or UCLA Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates delivered to it representing securities pledged under the Security Documents or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements; and (ii) such default continues for 30 days after receipt of written notice given by the Administrative Agents; or (11) any Guarantee of any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary (or group of Guarantors that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee) or such Guarantor or such group of Guarantors denies or disaffirms its obligations under its Guarantee (other than by reason of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions); or (12) the Borrower or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Guarantors that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall assert, in any pleading in any court of competent jurisdiction, that any security interest in any material Security Document is invalid or unenforceable (other than by 

137 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW reason of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions, the release of the Guarantee of such Guarantor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the release of such security interest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Security Documents); or (13) any Change of Control shall occur. (b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may (acting on the instruction of the Required Lenders) elect, by notice to the Borrower but with no requirement for further notice of default, presentment or demand for payment, protest or notice of non-payment or dishonor, or other notices or demands of any kind, all such other notices and demands being waived, exercise any or all of the following rights and remedies, in any combination or order that the Administrative Agent may (acting on the instruction of the Required Lenders) elect, at the same or different times, in addition to such other rights or remedies as the Secured Parties may have hereunder, under the Security Documents or at law or in equity subject to the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement: (i) Acceleration. Declare and make all sums of outstanding Reimbursement Obligations and interest thereon under this Agreement, together with all unpaid fees, costs, charges and other amounts due hereunder or under any other Loan Document, immediately due and payable, provided that, in the event of an Event of Default occurring under Section 7.1(a)(7) or Section 7.1(a)(8) in respect of the Borrower, all such amounts shall become immediately due and payable without further act of the Issuing Bank or any other Person. (ii) Cash Collateral. (A) Subject to any Control Agreement, apply any amounts on deposit in the Collateral Account and any other Deposit Accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts subject thereto to the outstanding Obligations. (B) Require Borrower to cash collateralize the Letters of Credit outstanding at such time in an amount equal to 102 of the aggregate LC Exposure (as determined at such time by the Issuing Bank) with respect to all such Letters of Credit (in each case, whether or not any beneficiary under any such Letter of Credit shall have presented, or shall be entitled at such time to present, the drafts or other documents or certificates required to draw under such Letter of Credit); provided that, in the event of an Event of Default occurring under Section 7.1(a)(7) or Section 7.1(a)(8) in respect of the Borrower, the Borrower shall be required to provide such cash collateral without further act of any Secured Party or other Person. (iii) Remedies Under Loan Documents. Exercise any and all rights and remedies available to it under any of the Loan Documents and applicable Law (including judicial or non-judicial foreclosure or public or private sale of any of the Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents and applicable Law). In the event of any Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(a)(5), such Event of Default and all consequences thereof (excluding any resulting payment default hereunder, other than as a result of acceleration of the Obligations) shall be annulled, waived and rescinded, automatically and without any action by any Secured Party, if within 30 days after such Event of Default arose: (1) the Indebtedness or guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged; or (2) the requisite holders thereof have rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such Event of Default; or (3) the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been cured. 138 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW provided that the foregoing shall not apply (A) to the failure to provide notice of a Default or Event of Default resulting from taking such prohibited action (B) following the acceleration of the Obligations and all other amounts due under this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(b) or (C) following receipt by the Borrower of written notice from the Administrative Agent of any Default or Event of Default in respect of which the Required Lenders have expressly reserved their rights. Section 7.2 Application of Proceeds. Subject to the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, Section 2.5 and Section 2.7, all proceeds collected by the ULCA Collateral Agent upon any collection, sale, foreclosure or other realization upon any Collateral (other than the Collateral Account and any cash, or the proceeds of any investments, on deposit therein) (including any distribution pursuant to a plan of reorganization), including any Collateral consisting of cash, shall be applied as follows: FIRST, to the payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Secured Parties in connection with such collection, sale, foreclosure or realization or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the Obligations, including all court costs and the fees and expenses of its agents and legal counsel and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document; SECOND, to the pro rata payment in full (or, if applicable, cash collateralization in accordance with Section 2.5) of all Obligations; and THIRD, to the Loan Parties, their successors or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. In addition, in the event that the ULCA Collateral Agent receives any non-cash distribution upon any collection, sale, foreclosure or other realization upon any Collateral, such non-cash distribution shall be allocated in the manner described above, with the value of such non-cash distribution being reasonably determined by the ULCA Collateral Agent; provided that the ULCA Collateral Agent shall apply any cash distribution in accordance with this Section 7.2 prior to application of any such non-cash distribution. The ULCA Collateral Agent (acting on the instruction of the Required Lenders) shall have absolute discretion as to the time of application of any such proceeds, moneys or balances in accordance with this Agreement. Upon any sale of Collateral by the ULCA Collateral Agent (including pursuant to a power of sale granted by statute or under a judicial proceeding), the receipt of the ULCA Collateral Agent or of the officer making the sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold and such purchaser or purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application of any part of the purchase money paid over to the ULCA Collateral Agent or such officer or be answerable in any way for the misapplication thereof. Subject to Section 2.1 and Section 2.5, deposits in the Collateral Account shall be applied to satisfy drawings under Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit in the Collateral Account after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. Section 8. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE ULCA COLLATERAL AGENT. Section 8.1 Appointment and Authority. (a) Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Section 8.1 are solely for the benefit of the 

139 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and none of the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions (except as provided in Section 8.6 below). (b) Natixis, New York Branch shall act as the ULCA Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and, in the case of the Collateral governed by English Law, as security trustee, and each of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes Natixis, New York Branch to act as the ULCA Collateral Agent of such Lender or such Issuing Bank and, in the case of the Collateral governed by English law, as security trustee for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the ULCA Collateral Agent, and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in- fact appointed by the ULCA Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 8.5 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the ULCA Collateral Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Section 8 and Section 9 (including Section 9.5(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in- fact were the ULCA Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. (c) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or (except as provided in any other Loan Documents) (or any other similar term) with reference to the Agents is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. Section 8.2 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender or an Issuing Bank as any other Lender or Issuing Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. Section 8.3 Exculpatory Provisions. The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents: (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the applicable Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that neither Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Bankruptcy Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Bankruptcy Law; (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any 140 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity; (d) shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agents shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.1 and Section 7.1) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Agents shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to such Agent in writing by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank; (e) shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, (vi) perfecting, maintaining, monitoring, preserving or protecting the security interest or Lien (including the priority thereof) granted under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, (vii) the filing, re-filing, recording, re-recording or continuing of any document, financing statement, mortgage, assignment, notice, instrument of further assurance or other instrument in any public office at any time or times, (viii) providing, maintaining, monitoring or preserving insurance on or the payment of Taxes with respect to any of the Collateral or (ix) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 4 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agents; (f) shall not be required to qualify in any jurisdiction in which it is not presently qualified to perform its obligations as an Agent; (g) shall not be required to (i) expend or risk its own funds or provide indemnities in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers, or (ii) otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers, except for such expense, indemnity or liability, if any, arising out of such Agent s gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the performance of its duties hereunder or under any other Loan Document, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; and (h) the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of LC Limits or LC Exposure, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. No requirement in any Loan Document for a Loan Party to provide evidence, opinion, information, documentation or other material requested or required by any Agent shall be construed to mean that such Agent has any responsibility to request or require such evidence, opinion, information, documentation or other material. No Lender or Issuing Bank shall assert, and each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby waives, any claim against the Agents, including any predecessor agent, its sub- agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them, 

141 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any extension of credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. Section 8.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing Bank prior to the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower or any Lender or Issuing Bank), independent accountants and other experts, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Section 8.5 Delegation of Duties. Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Section 8 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as an Agent. Section 8.6 Resignation of Agents. Each of the Administrative Agent and the ULCA Collateral Agent and Affiliates may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower (and, if Administrative Agent and ULCA Collateral Agent at such time, upon any such resignation the other Agent shall resign concurrently). Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) is continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States (which successor, if such resigning Agent is resigning in both capacities, shall act as both Administrative Agent and ULCA Collateral Agent). If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) is continuing, appoint a successor Agent (in the same capacity) meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if such Agent shall notify the Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (a) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the ULCA Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring ULCA Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor ULCA Collateral Agent is appointed) and (b) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such Agent shall instead be made by or to each Person directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor for such Agent as provided 142 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent or ULCA Collateral Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) predecessor Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After a retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Section 8 and Section 9.5 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting in such capacity as an Agent. Section 8.7 Non-Reliance on the Agents and Other Lenders. Each Lender and Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Section 8.8 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Sole Lead Arranger shall not have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in their capacities, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an Issuing Bank hereunder. Section 8.9 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether any Obligations shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Section 9.5) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 9.5. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing 

143 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Bank to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or in any such proceeding. Section 8.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. (a) Each of the Lenders and Issuing Banks irrevocably authorizes the ULCA Collateral Agent to release or evidence the release of any Lien on any property granted to or held by the ULCA Collateral Agent under any Loan Document, to release any Guarantor from its obligations under a Guarantee or any Loan Document or to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the ULCA Collateral Agent under any Loan Document, in each case as provided in Section 9.20. (b) Upon request by the ULCA Collateral Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the ULCA Collateral Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents pursuant to Section 9.20. Section 8.11 Withholding Taxes. To the extent required by any applicable Requirements of Law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 2.3, each Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of such Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 8.11. The agreements in this Section 8.11 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, satisfaction of the Termination Conditions and the termination or expiration of all Letters of Credit. Section 8.12 Intercreditor and Subordination Agreements. Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Agents to enter into any intercreditor or subordination agreement pertaining to any permitted subordinated debt or other debt permitted to be secured by the Collateral or any portion thereof on its behalf and to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of any such agreement. Section 8.13 Credit Bidding. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with 144 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.1 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. Section 8.14 Erroneous Payments. (a) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender, Issuing Bank, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Bank (any such Lender, Issuing Bank or other recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Bank or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof) (provided, that, without limiting any other rights or remedies (whether at law or in equity), the Administrative Agent may not make any such demand under this clause (a) with respect to an Erroneous Payment unless such demand is made within 30 Business Days of the date of receipt of such Erroneous Payment by the applicable Payment Recipient), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the 

145 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 8.14 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Issuing Bank shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Issuing Bank or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Bank (and each of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender, Issuing Bank or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case: (i) it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and (ii) such Lender or Issuing Bank shall (and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.14(b). For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.14(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipient s obligations pursuant to Section 8.14(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. (c) Each Lender or Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Issuing Bank under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Issuing Bank under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a). (d) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment 146 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Bank, to the rights and interests of such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be) under the Loan Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower; provided that this Section 8.14 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from, or on behalf of (including through the exercise of remedies under any Loan Document), the Borrower for the purpose of a payment on the Obligations. (e) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.14 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Bank or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. Section 9. MISCELLANEOUS Section 9.1 Amendments and Waivers. Except as provided in Section 2.4 (with respect to the extension of any Applicable Maturity Date), neither this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9.1. The Required Lenders, the Borrower and each other Loan Party which is a party to the relevant Loan Document may, or (with the written consent of the Required Lenders) the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each other Loan Party which is a party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (a) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents (including amendments and restatements hereof or thereof) for the purpose of adding or removing any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights and obligations of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as may be specified in the instrument of waiver, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only and without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender, amend, supplement or modify this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, so long as such amendment, supplement or modification does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender and the Lenders shall have received at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice thereof and Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment]; provided further, however, that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall: (a) forgive any Reimbursement Obligation, extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Reimbursement Obligation, reduce the stated rate of any interest, fee or premium payable under this Agreement (except in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates (which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders)) or extend the 

147 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW time for payment of any interest, fees or premium or increase the amount of any LC Limit of any Lender or extend the Maturity Date, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; (b) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 9.1 or the definition of Required Lenders to reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders or reduce the consent required under any provision pursuant to which the consent of Required Lenders is necessary, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided that certain agreements may be amended without the consent of the Required Lenders as contemplated by the last clause of this Section 9.1; (c) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents without the consent of each Lender; (d) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 8, or any other provision affecting the rights, duties or obligations of the Administrative Agent or the ULCA Collateral Agent, without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the ULCA Collateral Agent, as applicable, or amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.1, or any other provision affecting the rights, duties or obligations of any Issuing Bank, without the consent of such Issuing Bank; (e) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.2(i) without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (f) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender, except (A) to the extent the release of such Collateral is permitted pursuant to Section 9.20 (in which case such release may be made without the consent of any Lender) or (B) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions; (g) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender, except (A) to the extent the release of any Subsidiary from a Guarantee is permitted pursuant to Section 9.20 (in which case such release may be made without the consent of any Lender) or (B) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions; (h) except as expressly permitted pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents, subordinate the Obligations hereunder or the Liens granted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, to any other Indebtedness or Lien, as the case may be, without the consent of each Lender; (i) change the uncommitted nature of the credit facility provided for herein to a committed or partially committed facility without the written consent of each Lender with an LC Limit greater than zero; (j) change, amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent or any Issuing Bank hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent or such Issuing Bank (as the case may be); or (k) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.2(i) or Section 9.7, without the written consent of all the Lenders affected thereby; provided, further, that any Loan Document may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and/or the ULCA Collateral Agent (without the consent of any Lender) solely to grant a new Lien for the benefit of the Secured Parties or extend an existing Lien over additional property. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the ULCA 148 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and all future holders of the Obligations and issuers of Letters of Credit. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the ULCA Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Any such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall be effected by a written instrument signed by the parties required to sign pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section; provided that delivery of an executed signature page of any such instrument by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) Security Documents and related documents executed in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the ULCA Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent and the Borrower only and without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered solely to the extent necessary to (i) comply with local Law or advice of local counsel or (ii) cause such Guarantee, Security Document or related document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (B) no Lender consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement that is for the purpose of adding the holders of Equal Priority Obligations, or Junior Priority Obligations, as expressly contemplated by the terms of such Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, such Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement are required to effectuate the foregoing and provided that such other changes are not adverse, in any respect, to the interests of the Lenders).; provided that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the ULCA Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the ULCA Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent that by its terms requires the consent of all the Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the LC Limit of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended, or the maturity of any of its Obligations may not be extended, the rate of interest on any of its Reimbursement Obligations may not be reduced and the amount of any of its Reimbursement Obligations may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of all the Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than the other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. Section 9.2 Notices. (a) All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile notice, when received, addressed as follows: the Loan Parties: C/o New Fortress Energy Inc. 111 W. 19th Street, 8th Floor New York, NY 10011 Attention: Christopher S. Guinta Chief Financial Offer 

149 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Telephone: 516-268-7406 Email: cguinta@newfortressenergy.com with a copy to: Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP Attention: Seth E. Jacobson 155 N. Wacker Drive Chicago, IL 60606 Telephone: (312) 407-0889 Email: seth.jacobson@skadden.com Branch 5th Floor New York, NY 10020 Tel: (212) 872-5051 Attention: Admin. Agency Email: adminagency@natixis.com the ULCA Collateral Agent: Natixis, New York Branch 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 5th Floor New York, NY 10020 Tel: (212) 872-5051 Attention: Admin. Agency Email: adminagency@natixis.com provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Agents or any Lender shall not be effective until received. (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. (c) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE MATERIALS AND/OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE BORROWER HEREUNDER BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Agents or any of its Related Parties (each, an Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Agents the Administrative Agent: Natixis, New York 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 150 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW transmission of materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder through the Platform or the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). (d) The Borrower hereby acknowledges that certain of the Lenders and Issuing Banks may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities (each, a Public Lender ). The Borrower hereby agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the materials and information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (collectively, Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (i) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC, which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (ii) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Agents, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of U.S. federal and state securities Laws (provided, however, that to the extent that such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be subject to Section 9.14); (iii) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (iv) the Agents shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information . Each Public Lender will designate one or more representatives that shall be permitted to receive information that is not designated as being available for Public Lenders. Section 9.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Section 9.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made herein, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the extensions of credit hereunder. Section 9.5 Payment of Expenses; Indemnification; Damage Waiver. (a) Costs and Expenses. The Borrower agrees (i) to pay or reimburse the Sole Lead Arranger and each of the Agents for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development, negotiation, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, limited in the case of counsel fees to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger and one local counsel to the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger, taken as a whole, in any relevant jurisdiction, and electronic posting and communication costs incurred in connection with the ULCA, (ii) to pay or reimburse the Secured Parties for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket 

151 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, including all costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Laws, limited in the case of counsel fees to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Secured Parties, taken as a whole, and one local counsel to the Secured Parties, taken as a whole, in any relevant material jurisdiction (or, with respect to enforcement, any relevant jurisdiction) and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction, (iii) to pay, indemnify, or reimburse each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Agents for; and hold each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Agents harmless from, any and all reasonable recording and filing fees, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents and (iv) to pay, indemnify or reimburse each Lender, each Issuing Bank, each Agent, the Sole Lead Arranger, and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, members employees, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an Indemnitee for, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims (including Environmental Claims), actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (limited to, in the case of counsel, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole and one local counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole in any relevant jurisdiction and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel (plus if applicable, any additional counsel in the event of a conflict) in each relevant jurisdiction), whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, incurred by an Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (A) the execution, enforcement or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) any Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds thereof, (C) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property owned, occupied or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any liability under any Environmental Law related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, or (D) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or their respective equity holders, affiliates, creditors or security holders, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing in this clause (iv), collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ), but excluding, in each case, Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from a non-tax claim; provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities (x) are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or material breach of its obligations under this Agreement of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (y) resulted from any dispute that does not involve an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its affiliates, shareholders, partners or other equity holders and that is brought by an Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties against another Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unauthorized persons of information or other materials sent through electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems. No Indemnitee shall assert against any Loan Party and no Loan Party shall assert against any Indemnitee, and each Indemnitee and each Loan Party hereby waives, any special, punitive, indirect or consequential or exemplary damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Second Amendment Effective Date) provided that nothing 152 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW contained in this sentence shall limit any Indemnitee s indemnification and reimbursement obligations to the extent such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are included in any third party claim with respect to which such Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, and to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Borrower agrees not to assert and to cause its Subsidiaries not to assert, and hereby waives and agrees to cause its Subsidiaries so to waive, all rights for contribution or any other rights of recovery with respect to all claims, demands, penalties, fines, liabilities, settlements, damages, costs and expenses of whatever kind or nature, under or related to Environmental Laws, that any of them might have by statute or otherwise against any Indemnitee. All amounts due under this Section 9.5 shall be payable not later than 30 days after written demand therefor. Statements payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.5 shall be submitted to the Borrower at the address of the Borrower set forth in Section 9.2, or to such other Person or address as may be hereafter designated by the Borrower in a notice to the Administrative Agent. The agreements in this Section 9.5 shall survive the repayment of all amounts payable hereunder. (b) Without duplication of clause (a) above or Section 2.3(a), Borrower agrees (i) to hold each Lender and each Agent harmless from any and all reasonable recording and filing fees and any and all reasonably liability with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying Other Taxes, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents and (ii) to hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims (including Environmental Claims), actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (limited to, in the case of counsel, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole and one local counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole in any relevant jurisdiction and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel (plus if applicable, any additional counsel in the event of a conflict) in each relevant jurisdiction) whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, incurred by an Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (A) the execution, enforcement or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (B) any Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds thereof, (C) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property owned, occupied or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any liability under any Environmental Law related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, or (D) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract. tort or any other theory, whether brought by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or their respective equity holders, affiliates creditors or security holders, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, but excluding, in each case of this clause (ii), Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from a non-tax claim; provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities (x) are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or material breach of its obligations under this Agreement of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (y) resulted from any dispute that does not involve an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its affiliates, shareholders, partners or other equity holders and that is brought by an Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties against another Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties. (c) To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) of this Section 9.5 to be paid by it to any Agent (or any sub- 

153 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW agent thereof), and any Issuing Bank or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to such Agent (or any such sub-agent), such Issuing Bank or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Issuing Bank in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for such Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Issuing Bank in connection with such capacity. Section 9.6 Successors and Assigns. (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent, the Sole Lead Arranger, all future holders of LC Exposure and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Loan Party may assign or transfer any of their rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and no Lender or Issuing Bank may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except as described in this Section 9.6. (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, in accordance with applicable Law, at any time sell to one or more banks, financial institutions or other entities (each, a Participant participating interests in such Lender s LC Exposure or LC Limit or any other interest of such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided, however, that no Lender shall be permitted to sell any such participating interest to: (i) any of the Permitted Holders (other than Permitted Holders described in clause (b) of the definition thereof) or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective associated investment funds; (ii) any Person that is a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Institution; (iii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; or (iv) any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural person). In the event of any such sale by a Lender of a participating interest to a Participant, such Lender s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, such Lender shall remain the holder of any such Adjusted Pro Rata Share of Unpaid Drawings or LC Exposure for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In no event shall any Participant under any such participation have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would require the consent of all Lenders pursuant to Section 9.1. The Borrower agrees that if amounts outstanding under this Agreement and Unpaid Drawings are due or unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, be deemed to have the right of setoff in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement. The Borrower also agrees that each Participant shall be entitled through the Lender granting the participation to the benefits of Section 2.1(j), Section 2.3 and (subject to the requirements and limitations of such Section), Section 2.6 with respect to its participation in the Adjusted Pro Rata 154 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Share of Unpaid Drawings or LC Exposure from time to time as if such Participant were a Lender; provided that no Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to any such Section than the transferor Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the participation transferred by such transferor Lender to such Participant had no such transfer occurred, except to the extent that entitlement to a greater amount results from a Change in Law that occurs after such Participant acquires the applicable participation, unless such transfer was made with the Borrower s prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal and stated interest amounts of each Participant s interest in the Adjusted Pro Rata Share of Unpaid Drawings or LC Exposure held by it (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of the participation in question for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations (c) Any Lender (an Assignor may, in accordance with applicable Law and the written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and, so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented unless the Borrower shall have objected thereto within ten (10) Business Days after having received written notice thereof), at any time and from time to time assign to any Lender or any affiliate, Related Fund or Control Investment Affiliate thereof, or to an additional bank, financial institution or other entity (an Assignee all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Assignee and such Assignor and delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register; provided that assignments made to any Lender, an affiliate of a Lender or a Related Fund will not be subject to the above described consents of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower; provided, further, that no assignment to an Assignee (other than any Lender or any affiliate thereof) of any LC Limit or LC Exposure shall be in an aggregate principal amount of less than 1,000,000 and, after giving effect thereto, the assigning Lender (if it shall retain any LC Limit or LC Exposure) shall have an LC Limit (and maximum LC Exposure) of at least 1,000,000 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; provided, however, no Lender shall be permitted to assign all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to: (i) any of the Permitted Holders (other than Permitted Holders described in clause (b) of the definition thereof) or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective associated investment funds; (ii) any Person that is a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Institution; (iii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; or (iv) any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural person). Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording in the Register, from and after the effective date determined pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of 

155 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW a Lender hereunder with an LC Limit and LC Exposure as set forth therein, and (y) the Assignor thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned in such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of an Assignor s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Assignor shall cease to be a party hereto, except as to Sections 2.3 and 9.5 in respect of the period prior to such effective date). For purposes of the minimum assignment amounts set forth in this clause, multiple assignments by two or more Related Funds shall be aggregated. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable participation in any Unpaid Drawings on any Letter of Credit in which it is a Letter of Credit Participant previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all LC Exposure in accordance with its Adjusted Pro Rata Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. (d) Any designation of a Disqualified Institution (x) shall not have retroactive effect to disqualify an entity in respect of any prior assignment, participation, executed trade with respect to the foregoing that has not yet settled or executed commitment advice letter, in respect of any Lender or potential Lender permitted hereunder at the time of such assignment, participation, executed trade or commitment advice letter and (y) shall not take effect until one (1) Business Day after written notice to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with the Disqualified Institution list and shall have no liability for non-compliance by any Lender. (e) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an Assignor and an Assignee (and, in any case where the consent of any other Person is required by Section 9.6(c), by each such other Person) together with payment to the Administrative Agent of a registration and processing fee of 3,500 (provided, however, that (i) Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment and (ii) no such fee shall be required to be paid in the case of an Assignee which is already a Lender or any affiliate, Related Fund or Control Investment Affiliate thereof), the Administrative Agent shall (A) promptly accept such Assignment and Acceptance and (B) on the effective date determined pursuant thereto record the information contained therein in the Register and give notice of such acceptance and recordation to the Borrower. (f) Replacement of an Issuing Bank. (i) An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the replaced Issuing Bank and any successor Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.2. From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (y) references 156 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW herein or in any other Loan Document to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor Issuing Bank or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. (ii) Any Issuing Bank may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. After the resignation of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the retiring Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or to extend, reinstate, or otherwise amend any then existing Letter of Credit. (g) For avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 9.6 concerning assignments of LC Limits and corresponding LC Exposure relate only to absolute assignments and that such provisions do not prohibit assignments creating security interests in Unpaid Drawings or LC Exposure, including any pledge or assignment by a Lender of any LC Exposure to any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with applicable Law. Section 9.7 Set-off. In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, each Lender and Issuing Bank shall have the right, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law, upon any amount becoming due and payable by the Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to set off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or Issuing Bank or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made by such Lender; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. Section 9.8 Counterparts. (a) This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (b) The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. 

157 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Section 9.9 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Section 9.10 Integration. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent, the ULCA Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. Section 9.11 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Section 9.12 Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) submits for itself and its Property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, in each case, in the County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and appellate courts from any thereof; (b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to its address set forth in Section 9.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent (or in the case of the Administrative Agent, the other parties hereto) shall have been notified pursuant thereto; (d) agrees that the Agents, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders retain the right to bring proceedings against any Loan Party in the courts of any other jurisdiction in connection with the exercise of any rights under any Security Document or the enforcement of any judgment; (e) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law; and (f) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section 9.12 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. Section 9.13 Acknowledgments. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (a)(i) the services regarding this Agreement provided by the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger, on the other hand, (ii) each of the Borrower 158 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW and each other Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b)(i) the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger are and have been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (ii) the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger have no obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; (c) the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger have no obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; and (d) each of the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger (i) is a full service securities or banking firms engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services, (ii) in the ordinary course of business, may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships and (iii) with respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by the Agents and the Sole Lead Arranger and their respective customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees not to assert any claim that the either Agent or the Sole Lead Arranger owes it any agency, fiduciary or similar duty and agrees no such duty is owed in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. Section 9.14 Confidentiality. Each of Agents, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agrees to keep confidential all non-public information provided to it by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement Information provided that nothing herein shall prevent any Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank from disclosing any such information: (a) to any Agent, any other Lender or Issuing Bank or any affiliate of any thereof; (b) to any prospective Participant that agrees to comply with the provisions of this Section 9.14 or substantially equivalent provisions; (c) to its affiliates and any of its or its affiliates employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants, other professional advisors and service providers, it being understood and agreed that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential; (d) [reserved]; (e) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it; (f) to the extent required in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or to the extent otherwise required pursuant to any Requirement of Law, (g) in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding; (g) that has been publicly disclosed other than in breach of this Section 9.14; (h) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about any 

159 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Issuing Bank or Lender s investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Issuing Bank or Lender; (i) to any other party hereto; (j) [reserved]; (k) with the consent of the Borrower; or (l) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, provided that, in the event a Lender receives a summons or subpoena to disclose confidential information to any party, such Lender shall, if legally permitted and practicable, endeavor to notify the Borrower thereof as soon as possible after receipt of such request, summons or subpoena and to afford the Loan Parties an opportunity to seek protective orders, or such other confidential treatment of such disclosed information, as the Loan Parties may deem reasonable. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.14 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. Section 9.15 [Reserved.] Section 9.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL. EACH LOAN PARTY, THE AGENTS, THE ISSUING BANKS AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. Section 9.17 Conversion of Currencies. (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. (b) The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrower contained in this Section 9.17 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. Section 9.18 USA PATRIOT ACT. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank that is subject to the PATRIOT Act and each Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or such Issuing Bank or the Agents, as 160 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by any Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank, provide all documentation and other information that such Agent or such Lender or such Issuing Bank requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. Section 9.19 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank, or any Agent or any Lender or Issuing Bank exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender or such Issuing Bank in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law or otherwise, then to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred. Section 9.20 Releases of Collateral and Guarantees. Each of the Lenders and Issuing Banks irrevocably authorizes the ULCA Collateral Agent to be the agent for and representative of the Lenders and Issuing Banks with respect to the Collateral and the Security Documents; provided that the ULCA Collateral Agent shall not owe any fiduciary duty, duty of loyalty, duty of care, duty of disclosure or any other obligation whatsoever to any holder of Obligations, and the ULCA Collateral Agent agrees that: (a) The ULCA Collateral Agent s Lien on any Property granted to or held by the ULCA Collateral Agent under any Loan Document shall be automatically and fully released (i) (other than the Collateral Account to the extent Letters of Credit remain outstanding after the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions, (ii) at the time the Property subject to such Lien is sold (other than to any other Loan Party or other Person that would be required pursuant to any Security Document to grant a Lien on such Collateral to the ULCA Collateral Agent after giving effect to such Disposition) as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) if the Property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guarantee pursuant to clause (b) below, (iv) to the extent (and only for so long as) such property constitutes an Excluded Asset, (v) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with Section 9.1 or (vi) concurrently with the release if released by the other Equal Priority Secured Parties (b) The Guarantee of a Guarantor shall be automatically and unconditionally released, and no further action by such Guarantor or the ULCA Collateral Agent is required for the release of such Guarantor s Guarantee under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if: (i) in connection with any sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of that Guarantor (including by way of merger, consolidation or dissolution) to a Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor, if the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition does not violate this Agreement; (ii) in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition of Capital Stock of that Guarantor to a Person that is not the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary and that results in such Guarantor ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary, if the sale, transfer or other disposition does not violate this Agreement; (iii) if the Borrower designates any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with the provisions set forth under Section 6.1(c) and the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary in this Agreement, or upon such Guarantor becoming (A) a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity, (B) a Receivables Subsidiary, (C) an 

161 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Immaterial Subsidiary, (D) a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (E) a not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiary or (F) a Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee would result in material adverse tax consequences, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, in each case in compliance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement; (iv) upon the merger, amalgamation, consolidation or winding up of such Guarantor with and into the Borrower or another Guarantor that is the surviving Person in such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or winding up, or upon the liquidation of such Guarantor; or (v) in accordance with the provisions of any Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. (c) In addition, any Lien on any Collateral (other than the Collateral Account) may be subordinated to the holder of any Lien on such Collateral that is created, incurred, or assumed pursuant to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (i), (j), (l), (m) (with respect to any assets subject to such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction), (n) (solely to the extent such Lien related to Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.3(b)(xiv)), (o) (other than any Lien on the Equity Interests of any Guarantor), (p), (r), (u) (to the extent the relevant Lien is of the type to which the Lien of the ULCA Collateral Agent is otherwise required or, if requested by the Borrower, permitted to be subordinated pursuant to any of the other exceptions included in this clause (c)), (w), (x), (y), (z)(i), (bb), (cc), (dd) (in the case of subclause (dd)(ii), to the extent the relevant Lien covers cash collateral posted to secure the relevant obligation), (ee), (ff), (gg), (hh) (other than with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset that is subject to a Mortgage), (ii), (jj), (kk), (ll), (oo), (rr) and/or (ss) of the definition of Permitted Liens (and, in the case of each such clause, any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under clause (k) of the definition of Permitted Liens to the extent required by the terms of the obligations secured by such Liens. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) no Lien on any Property shall be released pursuant to clause (a) above unless any Lien on such Property securing the Secured Notes Obligations and any other Equal Priority Obligations is also being released substantially concurrently, (ii) no Guarantor shall be released pursuant to clause (b) above unless such Guarantor is also released substantially concurrently from any guarantee obligations of the Secured Notes Obligations and any other Equal Priority Obligations and (ii) no Lien on any Collateral shall be subordinated pursuant to clause (c) above unless any Lien on such Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations and any other Equal Priority Obligations is also being subordinated by the holders of such obligations substantially concurrently. (e) On the date that the Termination Conditions are satisfied, the Collateral (other than the Collateral Account, to the extent any Letters of Credit remain outstanding in accordance with the terms hereof), shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Security Documents (other than theany Control Agreement (if a Control Agreement exists), to the extent any Letters of Credit remain outstanding in accordance with the terms hereof) and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the ULCA Collateral Agent and each Loan Party under the Security Documents shall terminate, all without the need to deliver any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. (f) The UK Collateral Documents granted in favor of Natixis, New York Branch in its capacity as issuing bank in connection with the Existing ULCA will be released and discharged in full at the Second Amendment Effective Date, provided that the Collateral granted by the UK Collateral Documents will be immediately regranted in favor of the ULCA Collateral Agent. (g) The ULCA Collateral Agent will promptly execute, authorize or file such documentation as may be reasonably requested by any Loan Party to release, or evidence the release (in registrable form, if applicable), its Liens with respect to any Collateral or the guarantee obligations of any 162 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Guarantor as set forth in this Section 9.20; provided that the foregoing shall be at the Borrower s expense and in a form reasonably satisfactory to the ULCA Collateral Agent. Section 9.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. Section 9.22 [Reserved]. Section 9.23 Intercreditor Agreement. This Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. Section 9.24 No Fiduciary Duty. Each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the Loan Parties, their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Agents, the Lenders or their respective Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. Section 9.25 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the applicable interest rate, together with all fees and charges that are treated as interest under applicable law, as provided for herein or in any other document executed in connection herewith, or otherwise contracted for, charged, received, taken or reserved by any Lender or any Issuing Bank, shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by such Lender in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable hereunder, together with all fees and charges that are treated as interest under applicable law payable to such Lender or , shall be limited to the Maximum Rate, provided, that such excess amount shall be paid to such Lender or Issuing Bank on subsequent payment dates to the extent not exceeding the legal limitation. Section 10. GUARANTEES. Subject to this Section 10, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, to the ULCA Collateral Agent 

163 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW for the benefit of the Secured Parties, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Agreement or the Borrower Obligations, that: (a) the Borrower Obligations shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, all in accordance with the terms hereof; and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Borrower Obligations, that same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection. The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Loan Documents, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by the Administrative Agent with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Borrower, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the extent permitted by law) diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower, any right to require a proceeding first against the Borrower, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that this Guarantee shall not be discharged except pursuant to Section 9.20, and any rights of orden and excusi n it may have by virtue of law or otherwise, as provided in Articles 2812 (two thousand eight hundred and twelve), 2814 (two thousand eight hundred and fourteen) and 2816 (two thousand eight hundred and sixteen) of the Mexican Federal Civil Code, and its relative articles of the civil code of any state of Mexico. This Section 10 shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. Each Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the Borrower for liquidation or reorganization, should the Borrower become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the Borrower s assets, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Obligations are, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee on the Obligations, whether as a voidable preference , fraudulent transfer or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Obligations shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. In case any provision of this Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This Guarantee issued by any Guarantor shall be a general senior obligation of such Guarantor and shall be equal in right of payment with all existing and future Senior Indebtedness of such Guarantor, including the 2025 Note Guarantees and the 2026 Note Guarantees of such Guarantor. Each payment to be made by a Guarantor in respect of its Guarantee shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, reduction or diminution of any kind or nature. Each Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent 164 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Section 10, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee not constituting unlawful financial assistance, a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law. Each Guarantor that makes a payment under its Guarantee shall be entitled upon payment in full of all guaranteed Obligations under this Agreement to a contribution from each other Guarantor in an amount equal to such other Guarantor s pro rata portion of such payment based on the respective net assets of all the Guarantors at the time of such payment determined in accordance with GAAP. Any Guarantee of a Guarantor incorporated under the laws of England and Wales shall not apply to the extent that it would result in such Guarantee constituting unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of sections 678 or 679 of the Companies Act 2006. Any Guarantee of a Guarantor incorporated under the laws of Ireland shall not apply to the extent that it would result in such Guarantee constituting financial assistance as prohibited by section 82 of the Irish Companies Act 2014. No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor s obligations under this Section 10, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until the Termination Conditions have been satisfied. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the later of the date the Termination Conditions are satisfied and the Maturity Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied to the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Section 10, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Obligations or other amounts payable under this Section 10 thereafter arising. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Obligations, (ii) the Termination Conditions have been satisfied and (iii) the Maturity Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantor s request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor. For purposes of this Section 10, each Guarantor incorporated or formed under the laws of Mexico (each a Mexican Guarantor ), specifically for the purpose of receiving legal and/or judicial service of process in the United States of America in connection with this Section 10, independently from the Lenders right to make and deliver services of process to the Mexican Guarantors in any other way or form which is legally valid, hereby designate the following agent and attorney-in-fact for such purposes in the United States of America (the Mexican Process Agent ): NFE Management LLC The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 

165 1256470.06B-CHISR02A - MSW 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801 United States of America Each Mexican Guarantor represents and warrants to the Lenders that on the Closing Date, they have received evidence of the acceptance by the Mexican Process Agent of its appointment as such by the Mexican Guarantors. Additionally, each Mexican Guarantor covenants and agrees that it will take all necessary and appropriate action in order to grant in favor of the Mexican Process Agent, and within the fifteen (15) calendar days immediately following the Closing Date, a document of authority or power of attorney granted by each Mexican Guarantor in favor of the Mexican Process Agent in full compliance with Mexican law and duly formalized for its validity in Mexico, through such corporate actions as may be required by each Mexican Guarantor s incorporation documents and bylaws, in order to fully and duly formalize the designation of the Mexican Process Agent as each Mexican Guarantor s agent for service of process in the United States of America in accordance with Mexican law. Each Mexican Guarantor hereby agrees to provide a copy of the formalization of the designation of the Mexican Process Agent within the twenty-five (25) Business Day immediately following the Closing Date. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.53>
 4
 a12nfe-tlaxaramendmentno.htm
 EX-10.53

a12nfe-tlaxaramendmentno 

Execution Version AMENDED AND RESTATED FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT This AMENDED AND RESTATED FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of September 30, 2024, is among NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each of the undersigned guarantors (the Guarantors ), the Lenders party hereto and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). R E C I T A L S A. The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2024 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof pursuant to the terms thereof, the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Lenders have made certain credit available to and on behalf of the Borrower. B. The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders constituting the Required Lenders have agreed to amend certain provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement as more fully set forth herein. C. This Amendment amends and restates in its entirety that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2024, among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. D. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: Section 1. Defined Terms. Each capitalized term which is defined in the Credit Agreement, but which is not defined in this Amendment, shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Credit Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, all section, exhibit and schedule references in this Amendment refer to sections, exhibits or schedules of the Credit Agreement. 2 Section 2. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3, as of the First Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to read as set forth in Annex A hereto (by inserting the language indicated in single underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text) in Annex A and by deleting the language indicated by strikethrough text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) in Annex A). Section 3. Conditions Precedent to First Amendment Effective Date. This Amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent by any party, on the date (the First Amendment Effective Date ), when each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 3.1 Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received this Amendment, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each Loan Party and the Required Lenders. 3.2 The Borrower shall have consummated amendments to (i) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Borrower, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders party thereto and MUFG Bank, LTD., as administrative agent and as collateral agent and (ii) that certain Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Borrower, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders and issuing banks and Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent and as collateral in form and substance substantially similar to the covenant amendments set forth in this Amendment, in each case, on or before September 30, 2024. 3.3 [Reserved]. 3.4 Closing Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 3.2 and 3.4 are satisfied. 3.5 No Default; Representations and Warranties. As of the First Amendment Effective Date, both before and after giving effect to the effectiveness of the Amendment: (i) no event shall have occurred and be continuing that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof or thereof. The Administrative Agent is hereby authorized and directed to declare this Amendment to be effective when it has received documents confirming or certifying, to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, compliance with the conditions set forth in this Section 3 or the waiver of such conditions as permitted in Section 9.1 of the Credit Agreement. Such 

3 declaration shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties to the Credit Agreement for all purposes. Section 4. Miscellaneous. 4.1 Confirmation . The provisions of the Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms following the effectiveness of this Amendment. 4.2 Ratification and Affirmation; Representations and Warranties. (a) The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby: (x) acknowledges and consents to the terms of this Amendment and (y) ratifies and affirms its obligations, and acknowledges, renews and extends its continued liability, under each Loan Document to which it is a party including, without limitation, any grant, pledge or collateral assignment of a lien or security interest, as applicable, contained therein and any guarantee provided by it therein, in each case as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to or as of the date hereof (including as amended pursuant to this Amendment) and agrees that each Loan Document to which it is a party remains in full force and effect, as expressly amended hereby and that none of its obligations thereunder shall be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Amendment (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law)). (b) The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby: (x) agrees that from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Loan Documents shall be deemed to be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment; (y) acknowledges and agrees that nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect as modified hereby or by instruments executed concurrently herewith and (z) represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders that as of the date hereof, after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment: (i) all representations and warranties contained in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof or thereof and (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default. Except as specifically provided herein, (i) nothing contained in this Amendment, nor any past indulgence by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender nor any other action or inaction on behalf of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, shall constitute or be deemed to constitute a consent to, or waiver of, any other action or inaction of the Borrower or any of the other Loan Parties which results (or would result) in a Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor shall anything contained herein constitute a course of conduct or dealing among the parties; (ii) the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall have no obligation to grant 4 any future waivers, consents or amendments with respect to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iii) the parties hereto agree that nothing contained herein shall waive, affect or diminish any right of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders to hereafter demand strict compliance with the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 4.3 Release. The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby forever waives, releases, remises and discharges the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, their investment advisors, sub- advisors, and managers, and each of their respective Affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, and professionals, including, without limitation, Vinson Elkins LLP, as counsel to the Administrative Agent (collectively, the Releasees ), from any and all claims (including, without limitation, cross-claims, counterclaims, rights of setoff and recoupment), demands, obligations, liabilities, causes of action, damages, losses, costs and expenses of any kind or character, known or unknown, past or present, liquidated or unliquidated, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, which such Loan Party ever has or had on or prior to the Eighth Amendment Effective Date against any such Releasee which concerns, directly or indirectly, the Borrower or any Guarantor, the negotiation and execution of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any acts or omissions of any such Releasee relating to the Borrower, any Guarantor, the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case, to the extent pertaining to facts, events or circumstances existing on or prior to (but not after) the Eighth Amendment Effective Date (the Released Claims ). The Loan Parties further covenant not to sue, commence, institute or prosecute, or supporting any Person that sues, commences, institutes, or prosecutes, any lawsuit, action or other proceeding against any Releasees with respect to any Released Claims. As to each and every claim released hereunder, each Loan Party hereby represents that it has received the advice of legal counsel with regard to the releases contained herein. The foregoing release shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, and the other Loan Documents and payment in full of all Obligations in respect thereof and is in addition to any other release or covenant not to sue in favor of the Releasees. 4.4 Counterparts. (a) This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Amendment signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (b) The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper- based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. 

5 4.5 Integration. This Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 4.6 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. SECTIONS 9.12, 9.13 AND 9.16 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. 4.7 Payment of Expenses. In accordance with Section 9.5 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Agents for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the development, preparation and execution of, this Amendment and any other documents prepared in connection herewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, limited in the case of counsel fees to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Agents and the Arrangers and one local counsel to the Agents, taken as a whole, in any relevant jurisdiction and the charges of any Platform. 4.8 Severability. Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 4.9 Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to the Credit Agreement and their respective successors and assigns permitted thereby. 4.10 Loan Document. This Amendment is a Loan Document as defined and described in the Credit Agreement and all of the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement relating to Loan Documents shall apply hereto. 4.11 Instruction to the Administrative Agent. By its execution hereof, each undersigned Lender hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to execute this Amendment. [Signatures begin next page.] [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., as the Borrower By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer NEW FORTRESS INTERMEDIATE LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer NFE ATLANTIC HOLDINGS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] AMERICAN ENERGY LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS LLC ATLANTIC ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY GPF HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY GPF PARTNERS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY POWER HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORDCOUNTYPOWERPARTNERSLLC BRADFORD COUNTY TRANSPORT HOLDINGS LLC BRADFORD COUNTY TRANSPORT PARTNERS LLC ISLAND LNG LLC LA DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC LA REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS LLC LA REAL ESTATE PARTNERS LLC LNG HOLDINGS LLC NFE FLNG 2 LLC NEW FORTRESS ENERGY MARKETING LLC NEW FORTRESS ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC NFE ANDROMEDA CHARTERING LLC NFE ANGOLA HOLDINGS LLC NFE BCS HOLDINGS (A) LLC NFE BCS HOLDINGS (B) LLC NFE EQUIPMENT HOLDINGS LLC NFE EQUIPMENT PARTNERS LLC NFE GHANA HOLDINGS LLC NFE GHANA PARTNERS LLC NFE GLOBAL SHIPPING LLC NFE GRAND SHIPPING LLC NFE HONDURAS HOLDINGS LLC NFE INTERNATIONAL LLC NFE INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING LLC NFE ISO HOLDINGS LLC NFE ISO PARTNERS LLC NFE JAMAICA GP LLC NFE LOGISTICS HOLDINGS LLC NFE MANAGEMENT LLC NFE NICARAGUA DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC NFE NICARAGUA HOLDINGS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] NFE NORTH TRADING LLC NFE PLANT DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC NFE SOUTH POWER HOLDINGS LLC NFE SUB LLC NFE TRANSPORT HOLDINGS LLC NFE TRANSPORT PARTNERS LLC NFE US HOLDINGS LLC PA DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS LLC PA REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS LLC PA REAL ESTATE PARTNERS LLC TICO DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS HOLDINGS LLC TICO DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] AMERICAN LNG MARKETING LLC LNG HOLDINGS (FLORIDA) LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] ATLANTIC DISTRIBUTION HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC POWER HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC PIPELINE HOLDINGS SRL ATLANTIC TERMINAL INFRASTRUCTURE HOLDINGS SRL By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Manager ATLANTIC POWER HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE BERMUDA HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE SOUTH HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director incorporated under Bermuda law NFE SHANNON HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Director NFE NORTH DISTRIBUTION LIMITED NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE NORTH TRANSPORT LIMITED NFE SOUTH HOLDINGS LIMITED NFE SOUTH POWER TRADING LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] AMAUNET, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFENERGIA MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFENERGIA GN DE BCS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE PACIFICO LAP, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE BCS MEXICO HOLDINGS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. NFE ALTAMIRA ONSHORE, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Legal Representative NFENERGIA LLC SOLUCIONES DE ENERGIA LIMPIA PR LLC NFE POWER PR LLC ENCANTO EAST LLC ENCANTO WEST LLC ENCANTO POWER WEST LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Authorized Signatory NFE MEXICO HOLDINGS S.A. R.L. NFE MEXICO HOLDINGS PARENT S.A. R.L. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Authorized Signatory NFE NICARAGUA DEVELOPMENT PARTNERS LLC, SUCURSAL NICARAGUA 0 By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer NFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Director [Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] MEXICO FLNG ONSHORE, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Legal Representative 

[Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement] NFE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director incorporated under the laws of England and Wales NFE MEXICO POWER HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Title: Christopher S. Guinta Director NFE MEXICO TERMINAL HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director NFE UK HOLDINGS LIMITED By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Director NFE GP LLC By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher S. Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page to Amended and Restated First Amendment to Credit Agreement] MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent and a Lender By: /s/William Graham Name: William Graham Title: Authorized Signatory 

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH By: /s/D. Andrew Maletta Name: D. Andrew Maletta Title: Executive Director By: /s/Michael Leonardos Name: Michael Leonardos Title: Executive Director [Signature Page to Amended and Restated First Amendment to Credit Agreement] MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Lender By: /s/Kevin Sparks Name: Kevin Sparks Title: Director 

NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender By: /s/Yash Anand Name: Yash Anand Title: Managing Director By: /s/Nathan Talburt Name: Nathan Talburt Title: Associate JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as a Lender By: /s/ Arina Mavilian Name: Arina Mavilian Title: Authorized Officer [Signature Page to Amended and Restated First Amendment to Credit Agreement] 

Annex A Amended Credit Agreement [See attached.] 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW EXECUTION VERSION [Conformed through the Amended and Restated First Amendment] CREDIT AGREEMENT among NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., as the Borrower, The Guarantors from Time to Time Party Hereto The Several Lenders from Time to Time Party Hereto and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, Dated as of July 19, 2024 As amended by: the Amended and Restated First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2024 MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. BANCO SANTANDER, S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and MUFG BANK, LTD. as Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners 

i 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW TABLE OF CONTENTS SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS ....................................................................................................... 1 Page Section 1.1 Defined Terms ..................................................................................................................... 1 Section 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions; Rules of Construction .................................................. 7783 Section 1.3 Accounting Terms and Principles .................................................................................. 7883 Section 1.4 Timing of Payment or Performance .............................................................................. 7884 Section 1.5 Currency Equivalents Generally .................................................................................... 7884 Section 1.6 Limited Condition Transactions .................................................................................... 7984 Section 1.7 Certain Compliance Determinations .............................................................................. 8086 Section 1.8 Divisions ....................................................................................................................... 8388 Section 1.9 FLNG2 Collateral .......................................................................................................... 8389 SECTION 2. LOANS ............................................................................................................ 8389 Section 2.1 Loans ............................................................................................................................. 8389 Section 2.2 Pro Rata Shares; Availability of Funds ......................................................................... 8490 Section 2.3 Repayment of Term Loans ............................................................................................ 8591 Section 2.4 Evidence of Debt; Register; Lenders Books and Records; Loan Notes ...................... 8591 Section 2.5 Interest on Loans ........................................................................................................... 8691 Section 2.6 Conversion/Continuation ............................................................................................... 8793 Section 2.7 Default Interest .............................................................................................................. 8893 Section 2.8 Fees ............................................................................................................................... 8894 Section 2.9 [Reserved] ....................................................................................................................... 8894 Section 2.10 Voluntary and Mandatory Prepayments ......................................................................... 8894 Section 2.11 [Reserved] ..................................................................................................................... 9298 Section 2.12 Benchmark Replacement Setting ................................................................................... 9298 Section 2.13 General Provisions Regarding Payments ..................................................................... 94100 Section 2.14 Ratable Sharing ............................................................................................................ 95100 Section 2.15 Making or Maintaining SOFR Loans .......................................................................... 95101 Section 2.16 Increased Costs; Capital Requirements ........................................................................ 97103 Section 2.17 Taxes ........................................................................................................................... 98104 Section 2.18 Obligation to Mitigate ............................................................................................... 102107 Section 2.19 Removal or Replacement of a Lender ....................................................................... 102108 Section 2.20 Defaulting Lenders .................................................................................................... 103109 Section 2.21 Extension of Term Loans. ......................................................................................... 103109 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ............................................ 105111 Section 3.1 Financial Condition ................................................................................................... 105111 Section 3.2 No Change ................................................................................................................ 105111 Section 3.3 Existence; Compliance with Law .............................................................................. 105111 Section 3.4 Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations ....................................................... 106112 Section 3.5 No Legal Bar ............................................................................................................. 106112 Section 3.6 No Material Litigation ............................................................................................... 106112 Section 3.7 No Default ................................................................................................................. 106112 Section 3.8 Ownership of Property; Liens ................................................................................... 106112 Section 3.9 IP Rights .................................................................................................................... 107113 Section 3.10 Taxes ......................................................................................................................... 107113 Section 3.11 Federal Regulations ................................................................................................... 107113 Section 3.12 Labor Matters ............................................................................................................ 107113 ii 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Section 3.13 ERISA ....................................................................................................................... 107113 Section 3.14 Investment Company Act .......................................................................................... 107113 Section 3.15 Subsidiaries ............................................................................................................... 107113 Section 3.16 Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................... 108114 Section 3.17 Environmental Matters .............................................................................................. 108114 Section 3.18 Accuracy of Information, Etc. ................................................................................... 109116 Section 3.19 Security Documents .................................................................................................. 109116 Section 3.20 Solvency .................................................................................................................... 109116 Section 3.21 Project Permits .......................................................................................................... 110116 Section 3.22 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions .............................. 110117 Section 3.23 Insurance ................................................................................................................... 111118 Section 3.24 Material Project Documents ...................................................................................... 111119 Section 3.25 Sufficiency of Funds ................................................................................................. 112119 Section 3.26 Construction Budget and Schedule ............................................................................ 112119 Section 3.27 Availability and Transfer of Foreign Currency; No Restrictions on Foreign Exchange ................................................................................................................... 112119 Section 3.28 No Immunity ............................................................................................................. 112120 Section 3.29 Conduct of Business by FLNG2 Subsidiaries ........................................................... 112120 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT ..................................................................... 113120 Section 4.1 Closing Date .............................................................................................................. 113120 Section 4.2 Conditions to First Initial Term Loan Funding Date. ............................................... 115123 Section 4.3 Conditions to All Borrowings.................................................................................... 116124 Section 4.4 Conditions to Occurrence of the Completion Date .................................................... 117125 SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS .................................................................. 119127 Section 5.1 Financial Statements .................................................................................................. 119127 Section 5.2 Certificates; Other Information ................................................................................. 120128 Section 5.3 Payment of Taxes ...................................................................................................... 121129 Section 5.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Law ........... 121129 Section 5.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance .......................................................................... 121129 Section 5.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions ........................................ 121130 Section 5.7 Notices ...................................................................................................................... 122130 Section 5.8 Environmental Laws; Equator Principles ................................................................. 122131 Section 5.9 Plan Compliance ....................................................................................................... 123132 Section 5.10 Additional Guarantors; Additional Collateral, Collateral Limitations ...................... 123132 Section 5.11 Further Assurances .................................................................................................... 127136 Section 5.12 Post-Closing Covenants ............................................................................................ 127136 Section 5.13 Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................... 127137 Section 5.14 Debt Service Reserve Account. ................................................................................. 127137 Section 5.15 Material Project Documents ...................................................................................... 128137 Section 5.16 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions ................................................................................................................... 128138 Section 5.17 Construction Progress Reports .................................................................................. 128138 Section 5.18 IE Construction Progress Reports.................................................................................... 138 Section 5.19 E S Reports; Compliance Notices ................................................................................. 138 Section 5.185.20 Annual Operating Budgets ................................................................................... 128139 Section 5.21 Operating Reports ........................................................................................................... 139 Section 5.22 Lender Meetings .............................................................................................................. 139 Section 5.23 Lender Advisor ................................................................................................................ 139 Section 5.24 13-Week Forecasts .......................................................................................................... 139 

iii 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Section 5.25 Control Agreements. ....................................................................................................... 140 Section 5.26 2024 Financing Transactions. .......................................................................................... 140 SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS ......................................................................... 128140 Section 6.1 Limitation on Restricted Payments ............................................................................ 128140 Section 6.2 Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries .......... 137149 Section 6.3 Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock ..........................................................................................................140152 Section 6.4 Asset Sales .................................................................................................................149162 Section 6.5 Transactions with Affiliates .......................................................................................150162 Section 6.6 Liens ..........................................................................................................................154166 Section 6.7 Financial Covenants. ..................................................................................................154167 Section 6.8 Capital Expenditures ..................................................................................................155167 Section 6.9 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets .............................. 155167 Section 6.10 Change in Business; Changes in Fiscal Year or Accounting Policies ....................... 157170 Section 6.11 Sale and Leaseback Transactions ............................................................................... 158170 Section 6.12 Accounts .................................................................................................................... 158170 Section 6.13 Amendment or Termination of Material Project Documents; Other Restrictions on Material Project Documents ................................................................................. 158171 Section 6.14 Establishment of New Subsidiaries by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries. .................................... 171 Section 6.15 Hazardous Material. ........................................................................................................ 171 Section 6.16 Disposition of Collateral. ................................................................................................. 171 SECTION 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT ............................................................................. 159172 Section 7.1 Events of Default ....................................................................................................... 159172 Section 7.2 Application of Proceeds ............................................................................................ 163177 SECTION 8. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT 164177 Section 8.1 Appointment and Authority ....................................................................................... 164177 Section 8.2 Rights as a Lender ..................................................................................................... 165178 Section 8.3 Exculpatory Provisions .............................................................................................. 165178 Section 8.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent ............................................................................ 166180 Section 8.5 Delegation of Duties .................................................................................................. 167180 Section 8.6 Resignation of the Agents ......................................................................................... 167180 Section 8.7 Non-Reliance on the Agents and Other Lenders ............................................................ 168, Etc. .................................................................................................................................. 181 Section 8.8 No Other Duties, Etc. ................................................................................................ 168181 Section 8.9 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim ...................................................... 168181 Section 8.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters................................................................................ 169182 Section 8.11 Withholding Taxes .................................................................................................... 169182 Section 8.12 Intercreditor and Subordination Agreements ............................................................ 169182 Section 8.13 Credit Bidding ........................................................................................................... 169183 Section 8.14 Return of Certain Payments ....................................................................................... 170184 Section 8.15 Certain ERISA Matters ............................................................................................. 172185 Section 8.16 Posting of Communications............................................................................................. 186 SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS ..................................................................................... 173187 Section 9.1 Amendments and Waivers ......................................................................................... 173187 Section 9.2 Notices ...................................................................................................................... 175190 Section 9.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies ............................................................................ 177192 Section 9.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties .............................................................. 177192 iv 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Section 9.5 Payment of Expenses; Indemnification ..................................................................... 177192 Section 9.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments ........................................ 180195 Section 9.7 Set-off ........................................................................................................................ 184198 Section 9.8 Counterparts .............................................................................................................. 184199 Section 9.9 Severability................................................................................................................ 184199 Section 9.10 Integration ................................................................................................................. 184199 Section 9.11 GOVERNING LAW ................................................................................................. 185199 Section 9.12 Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers ........................................................................ 185199 Section 9.13 Acknowledgments ..................................................................................................... 185200 Section 9.14 Confidentiality ........................................................................................................... 186201 Section 9.15 [Reserved.] ................................................................................................................ 187201 Section 9.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL ................................................................................ 187201 Section 9.17 Conversion of Currencies .......................................................................................... 187201 Section 9.18 USA PATRIOT ACT ................................................................................................ 187202 Section 9.19 Payments Set Aside ................................................................................................... 187202 Section 9.20 Releases of Collateral and Guarantees ....................................................................... 188202 Section 9.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 189204 Section 9.22 [Reserved] ................................................................................................................. 190205 Section 9.23 Intercreditor Agreement ............................................................................................ 190205 Section 9.24 No Fiduciary Duty ..................................................................................................... 190205 Section 9.25 Interest Rate Limitation ............................................................................................. 190205 Section 9.26 Net Short Lenders. ..................................................................................................... 190205 Section 9.27 Additional Borrowers. ............................................................................................... 192206 Section 9.28 Release of Additional Borrowers .............................................................................. 192207 Section 9.29 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs .................................. ............ 193207 SECTION 10. GUARANTEES ............................................................................................ 193208 SCHEDULES: 1.1A Commitments 1.1B Material Project Documents 3.15 Subsidiaries 3.19 Filing Jurisdictions 3.21 Permits 5.12 Post-Closing Matters Appendix A Notice Addresses EXHIBITS: A Form of Compliance Certificate B Form of Assignment and Acceptance C Form of Loan Note D Form of Solvency Certificate E-1 Form of Funding Notice E-2 Form of Conversion/Continuation Notice F-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW F-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) F-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) G Form of Joinder Agreement v 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of July 19, 2024 among NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Guarantors (as defined herein) from time to time party hereto, the Lenders (as defined herein) and MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC. MSSF ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with any successor appointed in accordance with Section 8.6, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with any successor appointed in accordance with Section 8.6, the Collateral Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, capitalized terms used in these recitals and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth for such terms in Section 1.1; and WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Lenders have agreed to extend Initial Term Loans to the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 700,000,000 (the Initial Term Loan Facility ). NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS Section 1.1 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1. 2024 Financing Transactions : transactions contemplated by the binding agreements referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of the definition of Covenant Holiday Trigger Event. 2025 Additional Notes : 2025 Notes (other than the Initial Notes, as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture) issued from time to time under the 2025 Notes Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 thereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 2025 Note Guarantee : a Note Guarantee as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Notes : the Notes as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Notes Indenture : that certain Indenture, dated as of September 2, 2020, by and between the Borrower, as issuer, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee and notes collateral agent, as supplemented from time to time and in effect on the Closing Date. 2025 Secured Notes Obligations : the Secured Notes Obligations as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties : the Secured Notes Secured Parties as defined in the 2025 Notes Indenture. 2026 Additional Notes : 2026 Notes (other than the Initial Notes, as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture) issued from time to time under the 2026 Notes Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 thereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 1 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW 2026 Note Guarantee : a Note Guarantee as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2026 Notes : the Notes as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2026 Notes Indenture : that certain Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and between the Borrower, as issuer, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee and notes collateral agent, as supplemented from time to time and in effect on the Closing Date. 2026 Secured Notes Obligations : the Secured Notes Obligations as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties : the Secured Notes Secured Parties as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 2029 Additional Notes : 2029 Notes (other than the Initial Notes, as defined in the 2029 Notes Indenture) issued from time to time under the 2029 Notes Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 thereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 2029 Note Guarantee : a Note Guarantee as defined in the 2029 Notes Indenture. 2029 Notes : the Notes as defined in the 2029 Notes Indenture. 2029 Notes Indenture : that certain Indenture, dated as of March 8, 2024, by and between the Borrower, as issuer, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent, as supplemented from time to time and in effect on the Closing Date. 2029 Secured Notes Obligations : the Secured Notes Obligations as defined in the 2029 Notes Indenture. 2029 Secured Notes Secured Parties : the Secured Notes Secured Parties as defined in the 2029 Notes Indenture. Acceptable DSRA Bank shall mean, as of the date the Debt Service Reserve Account is established or the applicable DSR Letter of Credit is issued, (a) a bank or other financial institution whose long-term unsecured and unguaranteed debt is rated at least: (i) A- (or the equivalent) and, if rated A- (or the equivalent), with a stable or positive outlook by S P, and (ii) A3 (or the equivalent) and, if rated A3 (or the equivalent), with a stable or positive outlook by Moody s, or (b) such other bank or other financial institution as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Accession Date as defined in Section 10. Acquired Indebtedness : with respect to any specified Person, (1) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is consolidated with, amalgamated or merged with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person consolidating with, amalgamating or merging with or into or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person; and 2 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Person. (2) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Additional Equal Priority Obligations : the obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having, or intended to have, Equal Lien Priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) relative to the Obligations with respect to the Collateral (other than FLNG2 Collateral); provided that an authorized representative of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have executed an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties : the holders of any Additional Equal Priority Obligations and any trustee, authorized representative or agent of such Additional Equal Priority Obligations. Administrative Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Affected Financial Institution : (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affected Lender : any Lender advising the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.15(b). Affiliate : as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with, that Person. For purposes of this definition, Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Affiliate Transaction : as defined in Section 6.5(a). Agent Party : as defined in Section 9.2. Agents : the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and any other Person appointed under the Loan Documents to serve in an agent or similar capacity. Aggregate Amounts Due : as defined in Section 2.14. Aggregate Commitment : the sum of the Commitments of all the Lenders at such time. Agreement : this Credit Agreement, including its annexes, exhibits and schedules. Agreement Currency : as defined in Section 9.17(b). All-In Yield : as to any Indebtedness, the yield thereof, whether in the form of interest rate, (taking into consideration margin, OID, upfront fees (each of which shall be deemed to constitute like amounts of OID)), in the case of private Indebtedness, commitment fees or otherwise, in each case, incurred or payable by the Borrower generally to all lenders of such Indebtedness; provided that OID, upfront fees and commitment fees, as applicable, shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year average life to maturity (or if less, based on actual life to maturity) on a straight-line basis (e.g. 100 basis points of original issue discount equals 25 basis points of interest rate margin assuming a 4-year average life); and provided, further, that All-In Yield shall not include any interest rate floor, arrangement fees, structuring fees, ticking fees, commitment fees (other than in the case of private Indebtedness), underwriting fees and other similar fees and, if applicable, consent fees for an amendment (in each case regardless of whether any such fees are paid 3 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW to or shared in whole or in part with any lender) and any other fees not paid generally to all lenders ratably in the primary syndication of such Indebtedness. Anti-Money Laundering Laws : as defined in Section 3.22(a). Applicable Creditor : as defined in Section 9.17(b). Applicable Margin : a percentage per annum equal to, (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, (A) for SOFR Loans, 3.75 and (B) for Base Rate Loans, 2.75 ; provided that each of the foregoing shall increase by 25 basis points every 180 days beginning on June 30, 2025. Appropriate Lenders : at any time, with respect to Loans of any Class, the Lenders of such Class of Loans. Arranger : Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Natixis, New York Branch, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Bank Ltd., Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch, Yorkshire Investments V, LLC and OCM AB HOLDINGS I, LLC, each in its capacity as lead arranger and bookrunner. Asset Sale : (1) the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of property or assets (including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (a Disposition or (2) the sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries issued in compliance with Section 6.3), whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise; in each case, other than: (a) the Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in a manner permitted pursuant to Section 6.9; (b) Dispositions (including of Equity Interests issued by any Restricted Subsidiary) among the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise); (c) (i) the liquidation or dissolution of any Restricted Subsidiary if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders, and the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary receives any assets of the relevant dissolved or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any merger, amalgamation, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation, the purpose of which is to effect (A) any Disposition referred to in clauses (d) through (jj) of this definition or (B) any Permitted Investment or any Investment permitted under Section 6.1; and (iii) the conversion of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary into another form of entity (and solely with respect to the Borrower, organized in the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia), so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the Guarantees, taken as a whole; (d) (i) Dispositions of inventory or other assets (including the Disposition of tankers or other marine vessels (other than tankers or other marine vessels that constitute Collateral), trucks, rail cars, ISO containers, natural gas, steam and power) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including on an intercompany basis among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries), (ii) the conversion of accounts receivable for notes receivable or other 4 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof and (iii) the leasing, assignment, subleasing, licensing or sublicensing of any real or personal property (including the provision of software under an open source license and including ground leases) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and the sale of leased, subleased, licensed or sublicensed assets to customers purchasing natural gas in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (e) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete, damaged, used or worn out property or other property (including IP Rights) that, in the reasonable judgment of the Borrower, is (i) no longer used or useful in its business (or in the business of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) or (ii) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain; (f) Dispositions of cash, Cash Equivalents, and/or Investment Grade Assets and/or other assets that were Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Assets when the relevant original Investment was made; (g) Dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations or conveyances that constitute (i) Permitted Investments (other than pursuant to clause (j) of the definition thereof), (ii) Liens not prohibited under this Agreement or (iii) Restricted Payments permitted to be made, and that are made, under Section 6.1 (other than Section 6.1(b)(ix)); (h) [Reserved]; (i) to the extent that (i) the relevant property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; (j) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, buy/sell and/or put/call arrangements between joint venture or similar parties set forth in the relevant joint venture arrangements and/or similar binding arrangements; (k) Dispositions of (i) accounts receivable, or participations therein, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including any discount and/or forgiveness thereof and sales to factors or similar third parties) or in connection with the collection or compromise thereof and (ii) receivables, or participations therein, and related assets (or the Equity Interests in a Subsidiary, all or substantially all of the assets of which are receivables, or participations therein, and related assets) pursuant to any Permitted Receivables Financing; (l) Dispositions and/or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license), (i) the Disposition or termination of which will not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) that relate to closed facilities or the discontinuation of any product or business line; (m) (i) any termination of any lease, assignment, sublease, license or sublicense in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) any expiration of any option agreement in respect of real or personal property and (iii) any surrender or waiver of contractual rights or the settlement, release or surrender of contractual rights or litigation claims (including in tort) in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or otherwise if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the 5 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; (n) (i) Dispositions of property subject to foreclosure, casualty, eminent domain, expropriation, forced dispositions or condemnation proceedings (including in lieu thereof or any similar proceeding), (ii) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of any property and (iii) transfers of any property that have been subject to a casualty event to the respective insurer of such property as part of an insurance settlement or upon receipt of the net proceeds of such casualty event; (o) Dispositions or consignments of equipment, inventory or other assets (including leasehold interests in real property) with respect to facilities that are not in use, held for sale or closed (or otherwise in connection with the closing or sale of any facility); (p) [Reserved]; (q) [Reserved]; (r) exchanges or swaps, including transactions covered by Section 1031 of the Code (or any comparable provision of any foreign jurisdiction), of assets so long as any such exchange or swap is made for fair value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) for like assets; (s) [Reserved]; (t) (i) licensing, sublicensing and cross-licensing arrangements involving any technology, intellectual property, other IP Rights or other general intangibles of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or that is immaterial; and (ii) Dispositions, abandonments, cancellations or lapses of IP Rights, or issuance or registration, or applications for issuance or registration, of IP Rights, which, in the reasonable business judgment of the Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or are no longer economically practicable or commercially reasonable to maintain; (u) terminations or unwinds of Derivative Transactions; (v) any Disposition of Equity Interests of, or sale of Indebtedness or other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary (or a Restricted Subsidiary that owns an Unrestricted Subsidiary so long as such Restricted Subsidiary owns no assets other than the Equity Interests of such Unrestricted Subsidiary); (w) [Reserved]; (x) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any governmental authority or any applicable Requirements of Law (including the Dispositions of any assets (including Equity Interests) made to obtain the approval of any applicable antitrust authority in connection with any acquisition); (y) any merger, consolidation, Disposition or conveyance the sole purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Domestic Subsidiary in the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia and/or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction; 6 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW thereafter; (z) any sale of equipment purchased at the end of an operating lease and resold (aa) [Reserved]; (bb) any sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower; (cc) [Reserved]; (dd) any financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, including Sale and Lease-Back Transactions and asset securitizations permitted hereby; (ee) any Disposition of Equity Interests of a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement or other obligation with or to a Person (other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) from whom such Restricted Subsidiary was acquired, or from whom such Restricted Subsidiary acquired its business and assets (having been newly formed in connection with such acquisition), made as part of such acquisition and in each case comprising all or a portion of the consideration in respect of such sale of acquisition and, where such Equity Interests so disposed or sold in any single transaction or series of related transactions have an aggregate Fair Market Value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of less than 50.0 million per transaction or series of related transactions; (ff) [reserved]; (gg) any Disposition of non-revenue producing assets to a Person who is providing services related to such assets, the provision of which have been or are to be outsourced by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries to such Person, provided such services are of comparable or greater value or usefulness to the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as a whole; (hh) other Dispositions (including those of the type otherwise described herein) involving assets having a Fair Market Value of not more than 50.0 million; (ii) the issuance of directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals or other third parties as required by applicable law; (jj) [Reserved]; and (kk) any transfer of properties or assets that is a maritime vessel sharing arrangement in the ordinary course of business, or entry by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower into one or more leases, charters, pool agreements or operations or service contracts with respect to any vessels. Assignee : as defined in Section 9.6(c). Assignment and Acceptance : an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B. Assignor : as defined in Section 9.6(c). Available Liquidity : as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries plus (b) an amount equal to the available unused balance of the Aggregate Commitments (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) under the 7 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Revolving Credit Agreement plus (c) an amount equal to the available unused balance of any revolving commitments established pursuant to any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement). Available Tenor : as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (d) of Section 2.12. Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation : (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Banking Services : each and any of the following bank services: commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services and any arrangements or services similar to any of the foregoing and/or otherwise in connection with cash management and Deposit Accounts. Bankruptcy Code : Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended. Bankruptcy Event : with respect to any Person, that such Person has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority; provided, however, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any agreements made by such Person. Bankruptcy Law : the Bankruptcy Code and any similar federal, state or foreign law for the relief of debtors. 8 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Base Rate : for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 , (c) the sum of (i) Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus (ii) 1.0 ; and (d) 1.0 per annum. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective day of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate, or Term SOFR, respectively. Base Rate Loans : Loans for which the applicable rate of interest is based on the Base Rate. Benchmark : initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2.12. Benchmark Replacement : with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (1) Daily Simple SOFR; or (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment : with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the 9 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date : a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event : the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 10 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period : the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12. Beneficial Ownership Certification : a certification regarding individual beneficial ownership solely to the extent required by 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan : any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . BHC Act : of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). Board of Directors : with respect to any Person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers, board of directors, manager or managing member of such Person or the functional equivalent of the foregoing, (c) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors, board of managers, manager or managing member of a general partner of such Person or the functional equivalent of the foregoing and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. In addition, the term director means a director or functional equivalent thereof with respect to the relevant Board of Directors. Borrower : as defined in the preamble hereto. Borrower Materials : as defined in Section 9.2. Borrower Obligations : the collective reference to the unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans, and all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrower (including interest accruing at the then applicable rate provided herein after the maturity of the Loans and interest, fees and expenses accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy (or which, but for the filing of such petition, would be accruing), or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest, fees or expenses is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) to any Agent or any Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become 11 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, the Security Documents or the other Loan Documents, or any other document made, delivered or given in connection therewith, in each case whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise. Borrowing : Loans of the same Class and Type and, in the case of a SOFR Loan, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Business Day : any day excluding Saturday, Sunday and any day which is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions located in such state are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. Capital Expenditures : for any period, expenditures (including the aggregate amount of capital lease obligations incurred during such period) to acquire or construct fixed assets, plant and equipment (including renewals, improvements and replacements) computed in accordance with GAAP (other than expenditures paid out of casualty insurance proceeds). Capital Stock : (1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; (2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; (3) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and (4) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person. Capitalized Software Expenditures : for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software, implementation costs of cloud computing arrangements and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Captive Insurance Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (and any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). Cash Equivalents : as at any date of determination, (a) United States dollars, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen, New Swedish Krona, Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs, any national currency of any member nation of the European Union, Yuan or such other currencies held by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (b) (i) readily marketable securities issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S., in each case having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof, (ii) readily marketable direct obligations issued or 12 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed by any foreign government or any political subdivision or public instrumentality thereof, in each case (other than in the case of such securities issued or guaranteed by any member nation of the European Union) having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody s or S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition thereof and (iii) repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating to any of the foregoing; (c) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the U.S., any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or any public instrumentality of any of the foregoing, in each case having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the acquisition thereof and having, at the time of acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (d) commercial paper having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and variable or fixed rate notes issued by any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) below; (e) deposits, money market deposits, time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances (or similar instruments) maturing within 24 months after such date and overnight bank deposits, in each case issued or accepted by any commercial bank or other financial institution having capital and surplus of not less than 100.0 million in the case of U.S. banks or other U.S. financial institutions and 100.0 million (or the dollar equivalent thereof as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks and other non-U.S. financial institutions and, in each case, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements relating thereto; (f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) above; (g) marketable short-term money market and similar highly liquid funds having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moody s or S P, respectively (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (h) investments with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (i) Indebtedness or Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating of at least A from S P or at least A2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such fund, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; 13 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (j) shares of any money market mutual fund that has (i) substantially all of its assets invested in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (i) above, (ii) net assets of not less than 100.0 million and (iii) a rating of at least A-2 from S P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time either S P or Moody s is not rating such fund, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); (k) instruments equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (j) above and clauses (l) and (m) below comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to in such clauses and customarily used by companies for cash management purposes in any jurisdiction outside the U.S. in which any Subsidiary operates; (l) investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, in money market investment programs that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or that are administered by financial institutions meeting the qualifications specified in clause (e) above and, in either case, the portfolios of which are limited such that substantially all of such investments are of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through (k) of this definition; (m) investment funds investing at least 90.0 of their assets in the types of investments referred to in clauses (a) through (l) above; (n) solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that such Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law; and (o) (i) investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (n) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parent companies thereof) have the ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (ii) other investments utilized by any Foreign Subsidiary and customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for cash management purposes that are analogous to the investments described in clauses (a) through (n) above and in clause (i) of this clause (o). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies other than those set forth in clause (a) above; provided that such amounts are converted into any currency listed in clause (a) as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten Business Days following the receipt of such amounts. For the avoidance of doubt, any items identified as Cash Equivalents under this definition will be deemed to be Cash Equivalents under this Agreement regardless of the treatment of such items under GAAP. Change in Law : the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. Change of Control : 14 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW the occurrence of one or more of the following events after the Closing Date: (1) the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one or more Permitted Holders; or (2) the Borrower becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Equity Interests of the Borrower (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), other than the Permitted Holders, in a single transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination or purchase, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) representing more than 50.0 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Borrower, unless the Permitted Holders otherwise have the right (pursuant to contract, proxy or otherwise), directly or indirectly, to designate, nominate or appoint directors having a majority of the aggregate votes on the Board of Directors of the Borrower; or (3) prior to the Completion Date, the Borrower shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding Voting Stock in each of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition or any provision of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, (i) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock (x) to be acquired by such Person or group pursuant to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Voting Stock in connection with the transactions contemplated by such agreement or (y) solely as a result of veto or approval rights in any joint venture agreement, shareholder agreement, investor rights agreement or other similar agreement, (ii) if any group (other than a Permitted Holder) includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Voting Stock of the Borrower owned, directly or indirectly, by any Permitted Holders that are part of such group shall not be treated as being beneficially owned by such group or any other member of such group for purposes of determining whether a Change of Control has occurred, (iii) a Person or group (other than Permitted Holders) will not be deemed to beneficially own Voting Stock of another Person as a result of its ownership of Equity Interests or other securities of such other Person s parent (or related contractual rights) unless it owns more than 50.0 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such Person s parent and (iv) the right to acquire Voting Stock (so long as such Person does not have the right to direct the voting of the Voting Stock subject to such right) or any veto power in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Voting Stock will not cause a party to be a beneficial owner. Charge : any fee, loss, charge, expense, cost, accrual or reserve of any kind (in each case, if applicable, as defined under GAAP). Class : (i) with respect to Commitments or Loans, those of such Commitments or Loans that have the same terms and conditions (without regard to differences in the Type of Loan, Interest Period, upfront fees, OID or similar fees paid or payable in connection with such Commitments or Loans, or differences in Tax treatment (e.g., fungibility )) and (ii) with respect to Lenders, those of such Lenders that have Commitments or Loans of a particular Class. Closing Base Case Model Assumptions : as defined in Section 4.1(j). 15 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Closing Date : the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.1 are satisfied (or waived). Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral : all of the assets and property of the Borrower or any Guarantor, whether real, personal or mixed, securing or purported to secure any Obligations, other than Excluded Assets. Collateral Agent : as defined in the preamble hereto. Commitment : the commitment of a Lender to make Loans hereunder, and Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The initial amount of each Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.1A. The aggregate amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 700,000,000. Common Representative : as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Commonly Controlled Entity : an entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA or is part of a group that includes the Borrower and that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. Communications : collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent or any Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 8.16, including through a Platform. Completion Date means the date upon which all of the conditions set forth in Section 4.4 have been either satisfied, or, in each case, waived by the Required Lenders. Compliance Certificate : a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. Connection Income Taxes : Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Consolidated EBITDA : with respect to any Person for any Test Period, the sum of: (a) Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period; plus (b) without duplication and, other than with respect to clauses (b)(vii), (xiii) and (xv) of this definition of Consolidated EBITDA , to the extent already deducted (and not added back) or not included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts: (i) Fixed Charges and, to the extent not reflected in such Fixed Charges, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, and bank and letter of credit fees, debt rating monitoring fees and costs of surety, performance or completion bonds, together with items excluded from the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense pursuant to clauses (a) through (n) thereof; (ii) taxes paid and any provision for taxes, including income, capital, profit, revenue, federal, state, foreign, provincial, franchise, unitary, excise and similar taxes, 16 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW property taxes, foreign withholding taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added taxes (including (x) penalties and interest related to any such tax or arising from any tax examination, (y) pursuant to any tax sharing arrangement or as a result of any tax distribution and (z) in respect of repatriated funds) of such Person paid or accrued during such period, any net tax expense associated with any adjustment made pursuant to clauses (a) through (w) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income (iii) (A) depreciation and (B) amortization (including capitalized fees and costs, including in respect of any Permitted Receivables Financing, and amortization of goodwill, software, internal labor costs, deferred financing fees or costs, original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par and other debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, other intangible assets (including intangible assets established through purchase accounting of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP), customer acquisition costs, capitalized expenditures (including Capitalized Software Expenditures) and incentive payments, conversion costs, and contract acquisition costs); (iv) any non-cash Charge (provided that (x) to the extent that any such non-cash Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any potential cash item in any future period, (A) such Person may elect not to add back such non-cash Charge in the current period and (B) to the extent such Person elects to add back such non-cash Charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA (as a deduction in calculating net income or otherwise) to such extent in such period and (y) any non-cash Charge representing amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid and not expensed in a prior period, except for non-cash Charges in respect of prepaid installation and construction Charges, shall be excluded); (v) (A) any Charge incurred as a result of, in connection with or pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option plan, phantom equity plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any severance agreement, any pension plan (including any post-employment benefit scheme to which the relevant pension trustee has agreed), any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, any employee benefit trust, any employee benefit scheme or any similar equity plan or agreement (including any deferred compensation arrangement), including any payment made to option holders in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to, or share repurchase from, a shareholder, which payments are being made to compensate option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution or share repurchase and (B) any Charge incurred in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Equity Interests held by directors, officers, managers and/or employees (or any Immediate Family Member thereof) of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (vi) [Reserved]; (vii) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Net Income for such period attributable to non-controlling interests and/or minority interests of third parties in any non-Wholly- Owned Subsidiary, excluding cash distributions in respect thereof to the extent already included in Consolidated Net Income; (viii) the amount of any contingent payments in connection with the licensing of intellectual property or other assets; 17 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (ix) [Reserved]; (x) the amount of fees, Charges, expense reimbursements and indemnities paid to directors; (xi) the amount of any Charge incurred or accrued in connection with sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; (xii) any net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 715, and any other items of a similar nature; (xiii) adjustments permitted or required by Article 11 of Regulation S- X of the Securities Act; (xiv) expenses consisting of internal software development costs that are expensed during the period but could have been capitalized under alternative accounting policies in accordance with GAAP; and (xv) with respect to any joint venture that is not a Subsidiary of the Borrower or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting, an amount equal to the proportion of those items described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above relating to such joint venture corresponding to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries proportionate share of such joint venture s Consolidated Net Income (determined as if such joint venture were a Restricted Subsidiary), except to the extent such joint venture s Consolidated Net Income is excluded from such Person s Consolidated Net Income; provided, that the aggregate amount added to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (xv), shall not exceed 5.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (determined after giving effect to such adjustments); plus (c) without duplication and to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, cash actually received (or any netting arrangement resulting in reduced cash expenditures) during such period, so long as the non-cash gain relating to the relevant cash receipt or netting arrangement was deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to clause (f) below for any previous period and not added back; plus (d) [reserved]; plus (e) (i) the aggregate amount of run rate income that would have been earned pursuant to Customer Contracts entered into on or prior to the last day of such period (net of actual income earned pursuant to such Customer Contracts during such period) as estimated by the Borrower in good faith as if such Customer Contract had been entered into at the beginning of such period and determined assuming the contracted pricing for such Customer Contract was applicable (at the highest contracted rate and calculated based on assumed volumes, costs and margin determined by the Borrower to be a reasonable good faith estimate of the actual volumes and costs associated with such Customer Contract, in each case for the 12 months after such Customer Contract has been entered into) during the entire Test Period, less (ii) any actual income earned under any Customer Contract that was cancelled or otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms during such period, or for which the Borrower has received notice that such cancellation or termination will occur; provided, that the aggregate amount added to Consolidated EBITDA 18 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW pursuant to this clause (e) shall not exceed 20 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (determined after giving effect to such adjustments); minus (f) without duplication, any amount that, in the determination of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been included for any non-cash income or non-cash gain, all as determined in accordance with GAAP (provided that if any non-cash income or non-cash gain represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of potential cash items in any future period, such Person may determine not to deduct the relevant non-cash gain or income in the then-current period); minus (g) without duplication, the amount of any cash payment made during such period in respect of any non-cash accrual, reserve or other non-cash Charge that is accounted for in a prior period and that was added to Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower to determine Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower for such prior period and that does not otherwise reduce such Consolidated Net Income for the current period. Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period shall be calculated on a pro forma basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, following consummation of the 2024 Financing Transactions, (i) proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole shall not be included in Consolidated EBITDA and (ii) the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the Brazilian Assets shall be included in Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of calculation of any applicable financial covenant in Section 6.7. Consolidated First Lien Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt of such Person outstanding on such date (a) that constitutes Obligations or Secured Notes Obligations or (b) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that does not rank junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations. Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated Interest Expense : cash interest expense (including that attributable to Financing Leases), net of cash interest income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt, including all commissions, discounts and other cash fees and Charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs (less net cash payments in connection therewith) under Specified Hedge Agreements and any Restricted Payments on account of Disqualified Stock made pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(xiv), but in any event excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par, amortization of deferred financing costs, amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees, expenses and discounted liabilities and any other amounts of non-cash interest expense and any capitalized interest, whether paid or accrued (including as a result of the effects of purchase accounting or pushdown accounting), (b) any capitalized interest, whether paid in cash or otherwise, and any other non-cash interest expense, whether paid in cash or accrued, (c) any one-time cash costs associated with breakage in respect of Hedge Agreements for interest rates, (d) commissions, discounts, yield, make- whole premium and other fees and Charges (including any interest expense) incurred in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing, (e) all non-recurring interest expense or additional interest , special interest or liquidated damages for failure to timely comply with registration rights obligations, (f) any interest expense attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or 19 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto and with respect to any acquisition or Investment, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, (g) any payments with respect to make-whole premiums or other breakage costs of any Indebtedness, (h) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (i) accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (j) [Reserved], (k) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization or purchase accounting, (l) any expensing of bridge, arrangement, structuring, commitment or other financing fees or closing payments related to any transaction on or after the Issue Date or (m) any lease, rental or other expense, in connection with Non-Financing Lease Obligations. For purposes of this definition, interest on obligations in respect of Financing Leases shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligations in accordance with GAAP (or, if not implicit, as otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP). Consolidated Liquidity : as of any date of determination, an amount determined for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, equal to the sum of (i) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such day and (ii) the amount by which the Aggregate Commitments (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) exceed the Aggregate Revolving Exposure (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) as of such day. Consolidated Net Income : with respect to any Person (the Subject Person for any Test Period, an amount equal to the net income (loss), determined in accordance with GAAP, attributable to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, but excluding (and excluding the effect of), without duplication: (a) (i) the income of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has an interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment) paid in cash or Cash Equivalents (or to the extent converted into cash or into Cash Equivalents) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period or (ii) the loss of any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has an interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period; (b) [Reserved]; (c) any gain or Charge from (A) any extraordinary or exceptional items and/or (B) any non-recurring or unusual item (including any non-recurring or unusual accruals or reserves in respect of any extraordinary, exceptional, non-recurring or unusual items) and/or (C) any Charge associated with and/or payment of any actual or prospective legal settlement, fine, judgment or order; (d) any Charge attributable to the development, undertaking and/or implementation of any Run Rate Initiatives (including in connection with any integration, restructuring, strategic initiative or transition, any reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses, any facility/location opening and/or pre-opening, any inventory optimization program and/or any curtailment), any business optimization Charge (including related to rate changes, new product or service introductions and other strategic or cost savings initiatives), any duplicative 20 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW running costs, any restructuring Charge (including any Charge relating to any tax restructuring and/or acquisitions and adjustments to existing reserves and whether or not classified as a restructuring expense on the consolidated financial statements), any Charge relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility or location and/or discontinued operations (including severance, rent termination costs, contract termination costs, moving costs and legal costs), any systems implementation Charge, any severance Charge, any Charge relating to entry into a new market, any Charge relating to any strategic initiative (including any multi-year strategic initiative), any signing Charge, any retention or completion bonus, any other recruiting, signing and retention Charges, any expansion and/or relocation Charge, any Charge associated with any curtailments or modification to any pension and post-retirement employee benefit plan (including any settlement of pension liabilities and charges resulting from changes in estimates, valuations and judgments thereof), any software or other intellectual property development Charge, any Charge associated with new systems design, any implementation Charge, any startup Charge, any Charge in connection with new operations, any consulting Charge and/or any business development Charge; (e) Transaction Costs; (f) any Charge (including any transaction or retention bonus or similar payment or any amortization thereof for such period) incurred in connection with the consummation of any transaction (including any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed), including any issuance or offering of Equity Interests, any disposition, any spin-off transaction, any recapitalization, any acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation, any option buyout or any incurrence, repayment, refinancing, amendment, termination or modification of Indebtedness (including any amortization or write-off of debt issuance or deferred financing costs, premiums and prepayment penalties) or any similar transaction and/or any Investment, including any acquisition, and/or growth capital expenditure including, in each case, any earn-out or other contingent consideration obligation expense or purchase price adjustment, integration expense or nonrecurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transactions, in each case whether or not successful (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the effects of expensing all transaction-related expenses in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805 and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 460) and any adjustments of any of the foregoing, including such Charges related to (i) the Transactions and (ii) any amendment, termination or other modification of the Notes or other Indebtedness; (g) the amount of any Charge that is actually reimbursed (or reimbursable by one or more third parties pursuant to indemnification or reimbursement provisions or similar agreements or insurance); provided that the relevant Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such Charge within the next four fiscal quarters (it being understood that to the extent any reimbursement amount is not actually received within such four fiscal quarters, such reimbursement amount shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the next succeeding fiscal quarter); (h) any net gain or Charge (less all fees and expenses chargeable thereto) with respect to (i) any disposed, abandoned, divested and/or discontinued asset, property or operation (including asset retirement costs, but other than (A) at the option of the Borrower, any asset, property or operation pending the disposal, abandonment, divestiture and/or termination thereof and (B) dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business), (ii) any location that has been closed during such period and/or (iii) any returned or surplus assets outside the ordinary course of business; (i) any net income or Charge that is established, adjusted and/or incurred, as applicable, and attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, any Hedge Agreement or other derivative instrument (including deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid); 21 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (j) any Charge that is established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, within 12 months of the closing of any acquisition or other Investment, in each case, in accordance with GAAP (including any adjustment of estimated payouts on existing earn-outs) or changes as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period; (k) (i) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the relevant Person and its Subsidiaries) resulting from the application of acquisition method, purchase and/or recapitalization accounting in relation to any consummated acquisition or similar transaction or recapitalization accounting or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes including adjustments in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, lease, software, goodwill, intangible asset, in-process research and development, Deferred Revenue, advanced billing and debt line items thereof) and/or (ii) at the election of the Borrower with respect to any fiscal quarter, and subject to the last paragraph of the definition of GAAP , the cumulative effect of any change in accounting principles or standards (effected by way of either a cumulative effect adjustment or a retroactive application, in each case, in accordance with GAAP) and/or any change resulting from the adoption or modification of accounting principles, standards and/or policies (including any impact resulting from an election by the Borrower to apply IFRS or other accounting changes) and any costs, charges, losses, fees or expenses in connection with the implementation or tracking of such changes or modifications; (l) (i) any compensation Charge and/or any other Charge arising from the granting, rollover, acceleration or payment of any stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards and similar awards or arrangements (including with respect to any profits interest relating to membership interests or partnership interests in any limited liability company or partnership, and including any stock option, profits interest, restricted stock or equity incentive payments) and the granting, rollover, acceleration or payment of any stock appreciation or similar right, management equity plan, employee benefit plan or agreement, stock option plan and/or similar arrangement (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such stock option, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement) and (ii) payments made to option, phantom equity or profits interests holders of such Person in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution made to equity holders of such Person, which payments are being made to compensate such option, phantom equity or profits interests holders as though they were equity holders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, including any cash consideration for any repurchase of equity, in each case, to the extent permitted under this Agreement (including expenses relating to distributions made to equity holders of such Person resulting from the application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718); (m) amortization of intangible assets; (n) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, leased right of use assets and investments in debt and equity securities); (o) solely for the purpose of determining the amount available under clause (2)(B) of Section 6.1(a), the net income in such period of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Guarantor) that, as of the date of determination, is subject to any restriction on its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions, directly or indirectly, by operation of its Organizational Documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order or Requirements of Law applicable thereto (other than (A) any restriction that has been waived or otherwise released, (B) any restriction set forth in this Agreement, similar restrictions (or other customary restrictions, as determined in good faith by the Borrower) set forth in any other Indebtedness and any restriction set forth in the documents relating to any Refinancing 22 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Indebtedness in respect of any of the foregoing and/or (C) restrictions arising pursuant to other agreements or instruments if the encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such agreement or instrument taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to Lenders than the encumbrances and restrictions contained in this Agreement or other Indebtedness contemplated by the preceding clause (B) (as determined by the Borrower in good faith)); it being understood and agreed that Consolidated Net Income will be increased by the amount of any payments made in cash (or converted into cash) or in Cash Equivalents to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than the Restricted Subsidiary that is subject to the relevant restriction) in respect of any such income; (p) (i) any realized or unrealized gain or loss in respect of (A) any obligation under any Hedge Agreement as determined in accordance with GAAP and/or (B) any other derivative instrument pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815-Derivatives and Hedging or any other financial instrument pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825 and (ii) any realized or unrealized foreign currency exchange gain or loss (including any currency remeasurement of Indebtedness or other balance sheet items), any net gain or loss resulting from Hedge Agreements for currency exchange risk associated with the foregoing or any other currency related risk and any gain or loss resulting from revaluation of intercompany balances (including Indebtedness and other balance sheet items); (q) any deferred tax expense associated with any tax deduction or net operating loss arising as a result of the Transactions, or the release of any valuation allowance related to any such item; (r) any reserves, accruals or non-cash Charges related to adjustments to historical tax exposures, including social security, federal unemployment, state unemployment and state disability taxes deducted in the calculation of net income during such period (provided, in each case, that the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated Net Income for the period in which such cash payment was made); (s) any accruals or obligations accrued related to workers compensation programs to the extent that expenses deducted in the calculation of net income exceed the net amounts paid in cash related to workers compensation programs in that period; (t) any net income or Charge attributable to deferred compensation plans; (u) income or expense related to changes in the fair value of contingent liability in connection with earn-out obligations, purchase price adjustments and similar liabilities in connection with any acquisition or Investment; (v) any non-cash interest expense or non-cash interest income, in each case, to the extent that there is no associated cash disbursement or receipt; and (w) effects of adjustments to accruals and reserves during a period relating to any change in the methodology of calculating reserves for returns, rebates and other chargebacks (including government program rebates). In addition, to the extent not already included in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Net Income shall include (i) the amount of proceeds received or due from business interruption insurance in an amount representing the earnings for the applicable period that such proceeds are intended to replace and reimbursement of expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification, insurance and other 23 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW reimbursement provisions, including to the extent such insurance proceeds or reimbursement relate to events or periods occurring prior to the Issue Date (whether or not received during such period so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive the same within the next four fiscal quarters; it being understood that to the extent such proceeds are not actually received within the next four fiscal quarters, such proceeds shall be deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal quarters) and (ii) the amount of any cash tax benefits related to the tax amortization of intangible assets in such period. For the purpose of clause (2)(B) of Section 6.1(a) only, there shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income any income arising from the sale or other disposition of Restricted Investments, from repurchases or redemptions of Restricted Investments, from repayments of loans or advances that constituted Restricted Investments or from any dividends, repayments of loans or advances or other transfers of assets from Unrestricted Subsidiaries, in each case to the extent such amounts increase the amount of Restricted Payments permitted under such covenant pursuant to clause (2)(E), 2(F) or (2)(G) of Section 6.1(a). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, following consummation of the 2024 Financing Transactions, (i) proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole shall not be included in Consolidated EBITDA and (ii) the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the Brazilian Assets shall be included in Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of calculation of any applicable financial covenant in Section 6.7. Consolidated Secured Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Total Debt of such Person outstanding on such date that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral. Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Consolidated Total Assets : at any date, all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the applicable Person at such date (assuming, for such purpose, that such Person s only Subsidiaries are its Restricted Subsidiaries). Consolidated Total Debt : as to any Person at any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (1) the aggregate principal amount of all third party debt for borrowed money (including letter of credit drawings that have not been reimbursed within ten Business Days and the outstanding principal balance of all Indebtedness of such Person represented by notes, bonds and similar instruments), obligations in respect of Financing Leases and purchase money Indebtedness (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (a) undrawn letters of credit, (b) Hedging Obligations, (c) all undrawn amounts under revolving credit facilities (except to the extent of any Elected Amounts) and (d) all obligations relating to Permitted Receivables Financings) and (2) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Disqualified Stock of such Person and all Preferred Stock of its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, with the amount of such Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock equal to the greater of their respective voluntary or involuntary liquidation preferences and maximum fixed repurchase prices, in each case of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date, on a consolidated basis and determined in accordance with GAAP (excluding, in any event, the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of purchase or pushdown accounting in connection with any acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction); provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall be calculated (i) net of all unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries at such date of determination and (ii) to exclude any obligation, 24 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW liability or indebtedness of such Person if, upon or prior to the maturity thereof, such Person has irrevocably deposited with the proper Person in trust or escrow the necessary funds (or evidence of indebtedness) for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of such obligation, liability or indebtedness, and thereafter such funds and evidences of such obligation, liability or indebtedness or other security so deposited are not included in the calculation of cash and Cash Equivalents. For purposes hereof, the maximum fixed repurchase price of any Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock as if such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock were purchased on any date on which Consolidated Total Debt shall be required to be determined pursuant to this Agreement, and if such price is based upon, or measured by, the Fair Market Value of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or senior management of such Person. Consolidated Total Debt Ratio : the ratio, as of any date of determination, of (a) Consolidated Total Debt outstanding as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Construction Budget and Schedule : (a) the budget and schedule delivered pursuant to Schedule 5.12. Contingent Obligations : with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness (the primary obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent: (1) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor; (2) to advance or supply funds: (a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation, or (b) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; or (3) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its Property is bound. Control : as defined in the definition of Affiliate. Control Agreement : an account control agreement (or similar agreement or local law equivalent), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, executed by the applicable Loan Party, the Collateral Agent or, if applicable, the Common Representative for the applicable Equal Priority Secured Parties, and the relevant bank, securities intermediary or commodity intermediary, as applicable, party 25 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW thereto, in each case, the purpose of which is to perfect a first priority Lien by control or, in the case of the Brazilian Assets, a junior priority perfected Lien by control. Control Investment Affiliate : as to any Person, any other Person that (a) directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person and (b) exists primarily for the purpose of making equity or debt investments in one or more companies. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise. Controlling Authorized Representative : as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Conversion/Continuation Date : the effective date of a continuation or conversion, as the case may be, as set forth in the applicable Conversion/Continuation Notice. Conversion/Continuation Notice : a Conversion/Continuation Notice substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2. Corresponding Tenor : with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Covenant Holiday Trigger Event : each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: (i) the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall have priced a transaction or received a binding agreement to receive gross proceeds of at least 300,000,000.00, in each case, from Indebtedness or other sources permitted or not prohibited by Section 6.3 and Section 6.16 from its existing or new senior lenders or investors on or before October 7, 2024; provided that, if any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to such binding agreement is secured by Liens on the Collateral, then such Liens must be permitted by Section 6.6 and the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) shall enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement (other than with respect to the Brazilian Assets, which shall be subject to an intercreditor agreement giving effect to Section 5.10(g), which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral securing the Equal Priority Obligations, (ii) the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall have priced a transaction or received a binding agreement to obtain proceeds, in each case, sufficient to satisfy and discharge the 2025 Notes Indenture or exchange, repay, repurchase (and cancel), redeem, defease, satisfy or otherwise discharge in full the 2025 Notes such that there is no Indebtedness outstanding with respect thereto (other than contingent indemnification obligations which survive repayment and for which no underlying claim has been asserted) on or before October 7, 2024, (iii) the Borrower shall have received gross proceeds of at least 250,000,000.00 from an offering or sale of common (or preferred that will convert to common upon a shareholder vote but which shall not, at any time, allow any cash dividends or other distributions paid in respect thereof) Equity Interests of the Borrower on or before October 7, 2024, 26 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received, for the ratable benefit of the First Amendment Consenting Lenders, a consent fee (the Covenant Holiday Amendment Consent Fee on or before October 7, 2024 equal to 0.30 of the principal amount of the Loans and unfunded Initial Term Loan Commitments of the First Amendment Consenting Lenders outstanding on the First Amendment Effective Date, in which the Administrative Agent will pay to each First Amendment Consenting Lender its ratable share of the Covenant Holiday Amendment Consent Fee promptly after receipt thereof by Administrative Agent, (v) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the conditions set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition have been satisfied and that as of the date of such certificate: (i) no event shall have occurred and be continuing that would constitute an Event of Default or a Default, (ii) the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof or thereof and (iii) the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have Consolidated Liquidity in an aggregate amount not less than 100,000,000.00 pro forma for the transactions described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) and any use of proceeds received in connection therewith on or before the date of such certificate, and (vi) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, its legal counsel and the Financial Advisor (if any) payable pursuant to Sections 5.23 and 9.5 shall have been paid or caused to been paid by the Borrower to the extent invoiced on or prior to October 2, 2024. For the avoidance of doubt, effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall not be permitted to make any Borrowings under this Agreement until the occurrence of the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event. Covered Entity : any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Credit Party : the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and each Lender. Customer Contracts : contracts entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for the sale, lease and/or other provision of products, goods and services by the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary. Daily Simple SOFR : for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided that, if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 27 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW date of determination : the applicable date of determination for the specified ratio, amount or percentage. Debt Service Reserve Account : as defined in Section 5.14(a). Debt Service Reserve Amount : as of any date of determination on and after the Completion Date, an amount equal to the amount of scheduled interest in respect of the Term Loans reasonably anticipated by the Borrower to be due and payable for the next six months (assuming that no Default or Event of Default will occur during such period) based on the reasonable good faith projections of the Borrower. Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio : as of any date of determination for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Total Debt to (y) the greater of (i) total capitalization calculated in accordance with GAAP and (ii) total capitalization calculated based on then-current stock trading price of the Borrower. Declined Proceeds : as defined in Section 2.10(b)(vi). Default : any event that is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default; provided that any Default that results solely from the taking of an action that would have been permitted but for the continuation of a previous Default will be deemed to be cured if such previous Default is cured prior to becoming an Event of Default. Default Right : has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. Defaulting Lender : any Lender that: (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, (i) to fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) to pay to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified in such writing, including, if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good-faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified in such writing, including, if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) to funding a Loan cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party made in good faith to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or Bail-In Action. 28 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.20) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower each other Lender. Deferred Revenue : at any date, the amount set forth opposite the caption deferred revenue (or any like caption or included in any other caption, including current and non-current designations) on a consolidated balance sheet at such date; provided that such balance shall be determined excluding the effects of acquisition method accounting. Deposit Account : a demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any investment property (within the meaning of the UCC) or any account evidenced by an instrument (within the meaning of the UCC). Derivative Transaction : (a) any interest rate transaction, including any interest rate swap, basis swap, forward rate agreement, interest rate option (including a cap, collar or floor), and any other instrument linked to interest rates that gives rise to similar credit risks (including when-issued securities and forward deposits accepted), (b) any exchange rate transaction, including any cross currency interest rate swap, any forward foreign exchange contract, any currency option, and any other instrument linked to exchange rates that gives rise to similar credit risks, (c) any equity derivative transaction, including any equity-linked swap, any equity-linked option, any forward equity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to equities that gives rise to similar credit risk and (d) any commodity (including precious metal and natural gas) derivative transaction, including any commodity-linked swap, any commodity-linked option, any forward commodity-linked contract, and any other instrument linked to commodities that gives rise to similar credit risks; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries shall constitute a Derivative Transaction. Designated Non-Cash Consideration : the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an Asset Sale that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount shall be reduced by the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to cash or Cash Equivalents). A particular item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration will no longer be considered to be outstanding when and to the extent it has been paid, redeemed or otherwise retired or sold or otherwise disposed of in exchange for, in each case, cash or Cash Equivalents in compliance with Section 6.4. Designated Preferred Stock : Preferred Stock of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock) that is issued for cash (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, the cash proceeds of which shall be excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (2) of Section 6.1(a). Designs : any and all and any part of the following: (a) all design patents and intangibles of like nature (whether registered or unregistered), all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith; (b) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof; (c) all income, royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto, including damages, claims, and payments for past and future infringements thereof; (d) all rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements of the foregoing; and (e) all rights corresponding to any of the foregoing. 29 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Disposition : as defined in the definition of Asset Sale. Disqualified Institutions : (i) such Persons that have been specified in writing to the Arrangers on February 28, 2024 as being Disqualified Institutions , (ii) any Person who is a bona fide competitor of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries identified in writing to the Arrangers on February 28, 2024, as such list of bona fide competitors may be updated by the Borrower (by furnishing such updates to the Administrative Agent) from time to time hereafter or (iii) any affiliate of any Person identified in clause (i) or (ii) that is (a) identified in writing by the Borrower from time to time or (b) clearly identifiable as an Affiliate solely on the basis of the similarity of its name (other than bona fide debt funds that purchase commercial loans in the ordinary course of business, other than such debt funds excluded pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) of this paragraph). Disqualified Stock : any Capital Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event, (a) matures (excluding any maturity as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) or is mandatorily redeemable (other than for Qualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Capital Stock), in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Agreement at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such redemption is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following such maturity date shall constitute Disqualified Stock), (b) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable (unless at the sole option of the issuer thereof) for (i) debt securities or (ii) any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Stock, in each case at any time on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Agreement at the time such Capital Stock is issued, (c) contains any mandatory repurchase obligation or any other repurchase obligation at the option of the holder thereof (other than for Qualified Capital Stock), in whole or in part, which may come into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Agreement at the time such Capital Stock is issued (it being understood that if any such repurchase obligation is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Agreement shall constitute Disqualified Stock) or (d) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash on or prior to the date that is 91 days following the Stated Maturity Date of the Revolving Credit Agreement at the time such Capital Stock is issued; provided that any Capital Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof requiring the issuer thereof to, or provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Capital Stock is convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to, redeem or purchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of any change of control, any disposition, asset sale (including pursuant to any casualty or condemnation event or eminent domain) or similar event shall not constitute Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, (A) if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing), such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the issuer thereof in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations and (B) no Capital Stock held by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager, member of management, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or by any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower (or by any Subsidiary) shall be considered 30 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Disqualified Stock solely because such stock is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option, stock appreciation right or other stock award agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. Division : the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement that is established by the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of any of the foregoing Persons), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Dollars and : dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. Domestic Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Foreign Subsidiary) that is organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. Drawing Amount : as of the date of determination with respect to a DSR Letter of Credit, the maximum amount that could then be drawn under such DSR Letter of Credit. Drawstop Equity Contribution : an equity contribution made by the Borrower at any time on or after the Closing Date; provided that (x) at the time of such equity contribution one or more conditions precedent required by any of Section 4.2 or 4.3 shall not be satisfied and (y) the proceeds of such equity contribution are applied to pay Project Costs. DSR Letter of Credit : as defined in Section 5.14(d). DSRA Deficiency : as defined in Section 5.14(c). EEA Financial Institution : (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country : (a) any of the member states of the European Union, (b) Iceland, (c) Liechtenstein and (d) Norway. EEA Resolution Authority : any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Elected Amount : as set forth in Section 1.7(h). Electronic Signature : an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Environment : ambient air, indoor air, surface water, drinking water, groundwater, land surface, subsurface strata, sediments and natural resources such as wetlands, flora and fauna. 31 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Environmental Social Consultant : Environmental Resources Management or another nationally recognized environmental and social consultant selected by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. Environmental Claim : any investigation, notice, notice of violation, claim, action, suit, proceeding, demand, abatement order, or other order or directive (conditional or otherwise), by any Governmental Authority or any other Person, arising (a) pursuant to or in connection with any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law; (b) in connection with the presence, Release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials; or (c) in connection with any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat, or harm to the Environment. Environmental Laws : any and all Laws regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning pollution, protection or regulation of the Environment or human health or safety in connection with exposure to Hazardous Materials, as has been, is now, or may at any time hereafter be, in effect and including the common law insofar as it relates to any of the foregoing. Environmental Permits : any and all Permits required under, or issued pursuant to, any Environmental Law and including the common law insofar as it relates to any of the foregoing. EPC Contracts : as defined in Schedule 1.1B. Equal Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is equal in priority to the Liens on specified Collateral (but without regard to control of remedies) (whether FLNG2 Collateral, Non-Super Priority Collateral, or all Collateral, as the context may require) and is subject to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement (or such other intercreditor agreement having substantially similar terms as the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, taken as a whole). Equal Priority Collateral Agent : the Equal Priority Representative for the holders of the Equal Priority Obligations. Equal Priority ICA Joinder Agreement : that certain Other Equal Priority Joinder Agreement No. 5, dated the date hereof, to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement by the Collateral Agent and acknowledged by U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as 2025 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as 2026 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Initial Common Representative, MUFG Bank, Ltd., as the Credit Facility Agent, Natixis, New York Branch, as Additional Equal Priority Agent and Authorized Representative for the Other Equal Priority Obligations designated as such by the Borrower in the Other Equal Priority Joinder Agreement No. 1 dated as of July 16, 2021, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Additional Equal Priority Agent and Authorized Representative for the Other Equal Priority Obligations designated as such by the Borrower in the Other Equal Priority Joinder Agreement No. 3 dated as of October 30, 2023, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Additional Equal Priority Agent and Authorized Representative for the Other Equal Priority Obligations designated as such by the Borrower in the Other Equal Priority Joinder Agreement No. 4 dated as of March 8, 2024, and each Loan Party. Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement : that certain intercreditor agreement with respect to the Collateral, dated as of April 12, 2021, among U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as 2025 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as 2026 Notes Collateral Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as Initial Common Representative, the Credit Facility Agent, each Additional Common 32 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Representative from time to time party thereto, and each additional Authorized Representative (including the Collateral Agent) from time to time party thereto, and acknowledged by each Loan Party. Equal Priority Obligations : collectively, (1) the obligations incurred pursuant to the Revolving Credit Agreement, (2) the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations, (3) the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations and (4) each Series of Additional Equal Priority Obligations (including the Obligations, the obligations under the LC Facility, the obligations incurred pursuant to the TLB Credit Agreement and the 2029 Secured Notes Obligations). Equal Priority Representative : any Authorized Representative as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Equal Priority Secured Parties : collectively, (1) the 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties, (2) the 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties, (3) the secured parties under the Revolving Credit Agreement and (4) any Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties (including the Secured Parties, the secured parties under the LC Facility, the secured parties under the TLB Credit Agreement and the 2029 Secured Notes Secured Parties). Equator Principles shall mean the principles entitled The Equator Principles A financial industry benchmark for determining, assessing and managing environmental and social risk in projects adopted by various financing institutions in the form dated July 2020 and available at: https://equator- principles.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/The-Equator-Principles-July-2020.pdf. Equator Principles Action Plan means the action plan, dated May 2, 2024, approved by the Lenders prior to the Closing Date, as amended from time to time by the Environmental Social Consultant (in consultation with the Borrower) and any replacement action plan provided in accordance with the Equator Principles. Equity Interests : Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock. ERISA : the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default : any of the events or conditions specified in Section 7.1(a); provided that any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. Excess Cash Flow for any fiscal year of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries: (a) the sum, without duplication, of the amounts for such period of (i) FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income, (ii) the amount of all non-cash charges (including depreciation and amortization) deducted in arriving at such FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income, (iii) reductions to noncash working capital for such period and expenses reducing (or excluded from) the calculation of FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income for such period with respect to amounts deducted in any prior calculation of Excess Cash Flow and (iv) the amount deducted as tax expense in determining FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income to the extent in excess of cash taxes paid in such period, and minus: (b) the sum, without duplication of the amounts for such period of: 33 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (i) all non-cash credits included in arriving at such FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income; (ii) scheduled repayments and prepayments and repurchases of the Loans; (iii) capital expenditures paid in cash by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries during the applicable Excess Cash Flow period which are not prohibited under this Agreement (net of (x) any proceeds of any related debt incurred by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries to fund such expenditures and (y) any equity issuance proceeds that would not be included in FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income and that are used to fund such expenditures); (iv) Consolidated Interest Expense of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries paid in cash by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries during the applicable Excess Cash Flow period; (v) Taxes based on income or gross margins of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries payable in cash with respect to such period and profits or capital and franchise Taxes; (vi) cash payments by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries during such period in respect of long-term liabilities of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries other than Indebtedness; (vii) the amount related to items that were added to or not deducted from net income in calculating FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income to the extent such items represented a cash payment by any FLNG2 Subsidiary or did not represent cash received by any FLNG2 Subsidiary, on a consolidated basis during such period, (x) customary fees, expenses or charges paid in cash by any FLNG2 Subsidiary related to any Permitted Investments and Asset Sales completed by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries permitted under Section 6.4 hereof made during such fiscal quarter; and (viii) any premium paid in cash by any FLNG2 Subsidiary during such period in connection with the prepayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other satisfaction prior to scheduled maturity of Indebtedness permitted to be prepaid, redeemed, purchased, defeased or satisfied hereunder. Excess Cash Flow Period : each fiscal quarter of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries commencing with and including the first full fiscal quarter after the Completion Date. Exchange Act : the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Excluded Account : (i) any accounts that are designated solely as accounts for, and are used solely for, employee benefits or taxes, (ii) any accounts that are designated solely as accounts for, and are used solely for, payroll funding obligations and, (iii) any escrow account, trust or other fiduciary account solely used for purposes of transactions that are permitted under this Agreement, (iv) zero balance accounts to the extent any account to which the funds in such zero balance accounts sweep is subject to a Control Agreement and (v) any Deposit Account that would otherwise constitute an Excluded Asset, in each case of clauses (i) through (iv), only to the extent that such amounts deposited in such accounts are used solely for such purposes listed above; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Project Costs Reserve Account or the Debt Service Reserve Account constitute an Excluded Account . Excluded Assets : the following: 34 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (a) any asset the grant of a security interest in which would (i) be prohibited by any enforceable anti-assignment provision set forth in any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, (ii) violate the terms of any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement (in the case of clause (i) above, this clause (ii) and clause (iii) below, after giving effect to any applicable anti-assignment provision of the UCC or other applicable Requirements of Law) or (iii) trigger termination of, or a right of termination or any other modification of any rights under, any contract relating to such asset that is permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement pursuant to any change of control or similar provision; it being understood that (A) the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any contract described in this clause (a) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant prohibition, violation or termination right, (B) the exclusions referenced in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall not apply to the extent that the relevant contract expressly permits the grant of a security interest in all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor and (C) the exclusion set forth in this clause (a) shall only apply if the contractual prohibitions or contractual provisions that would be so violated or that would trigger any such termination, right or modification under clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above (x) existed on the Closing Date (or in the case of any contract of a Subsidiary that is acquired following the Closing Date, as of the date of such acquisition) and were not entered into in contemplation of the Closing Date (or such acquisition) and (y) cannot be waived unilaterally by the Borrower or any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; (b) the Equity Interests of any (A) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (B) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (C) not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiary, (D) Receivables Subsidiary, (E) Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity or (F) Immaterial Subsidiary (other than NFE Shannon Holdings Limited); provided that no Equity Interests of any FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be Excluded Assets; (c) any intent-to-use (or similar) trademark application prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use notice and/or filing with respect thereto; (d) any asset, the grant of a security interest in which would (i) require any governmental consent, approval, license, permit or authorization (collectively, Governmental Consents that has not been obtained (provided that, in the case of any Project Leasehold or Concession, such FLNG2 Subsidiary has used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any Governmental Consents necessary to grant a mortgage or similar security instrument thereon), (ii) be prohibited by applicable Requirements of Law, except, in each case of clause (i) above and this clause (ii), to the extent such requirement or prohibition would be rendered ineffective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding such requirement or prohibition; it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in clause (i) or clause (ii) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition or (iii) result in material adverse tax consequences to the Borrower or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by the Borrower, including as a result of the operation of Section 956 of the Code; (e) (i) any leasehold real property interests (other than the port lease in San Juan, Puerto Rico or the leasehold interest relating to the LNG storage and regasification facility at the Port of Montego Bay, Jamaica) or concessions (other than any Project Leasehold or Concession to the extent any required Governmental Consents have been obtained therefor); provided that the leasehold of property located at 6800 NW 72nd Street, Miami, Florida shall no longer be Excluded Assets if it is held by a Loan Party on September 30, 2024, and (ii) any fee owned real property that is not a Material Real Estate Asset 35 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW or that is located in a special flood zone (and no landlord lien waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters shall be required to be delivered); (f) any interest in any partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that cannot be pledged without (i) the consent of one or more third parties other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under the Organizational Documents (and/or shareholders or similar agreement) of such partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or (ii) giving rise to a right of first refusal , a right of first offer or a similar right permitted or otherwise not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement that may be exercised by any third party other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with the Organizational Documents (and/or shareholders or similar agreement) of such partnership, joint venture or non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary; (g) (i) motor vehicles, tankers, marine vessels, ISO containers and other assets subject to certificates of title, other than any tankers or other marine vessels with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million, (ii) letter-of-credit rights not constituting supporting obligations of other Collateral and (iii) commercial tort claims with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) of less than 40.0 million, except, in each case of the foregoing clauses (i)-(iii), to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected solely by the filing of a UCC financing statement; (h) any margin stock; (i) any cash or Cash Equivalents, Deposit Account, commodities account or securities account (including securities entitlements and related assets) or Excluded Accounts; provided that none of the following shall be an Excluded Asset : (i) cash, Cash Equivalents or Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries, including the Debt Service Reserve Account and any Project Costs Reserve Account, and (ii) any cash and Cash Equivalents representing the proceeds of assets otherwise constituting Collateral; (i) [reserved]; (j) any lease, license or other agreement or contract or any asset subject thereto (including pursuant to a purchase money security interest, Financing Lease or similar arrangement) that is, in each case, not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement to the extent that the grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or contract or purchase money, Financing Lease or similar arrangement or trigger a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) after giving effect to the applicable anti- assignment provisions of the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law; it being understood that the term Excluded Asset shall not include any proceeds or receivables arising out of any asset described in this clause (j) to the extent that the assignment of such proceeds or receivables is expressly deemed to be effective under the UCC or any other applicable Requirements of Law notwithstanding the relevant requirement or prohibition; (k) any asset with respect to which the Borrower and the Collateral Agent has reasonably agreed that the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence (including any effect on the ability of the Borrower or any Guarantor to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course of business) of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs the benefit of a security interest to the Secured Parties of the security afforded thereby, which determination is evidenced in writing; 36 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (l) receivables and related assets (or interests therein) (i) disposed of to any Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing or (ii) otherwise pledged, factored, transferred or sold in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; (m) any governmental licenses, permits or authorizations, or U.S. or foreign state or local franchises, charters or authorizations, to the extent a security interest in any such license, permit, franchise, charter or authorization would be prohibited or restricted thereby (including any legally effective prohibition or restriction) or where the effect thereof would be to limit or diminish the Borrower s or any Guarantor s ability to utilize such license, permit franchise, charter or authorization in the conduct of its business in the ordinary course; and (n) any FLNG1 Asset (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) and any Reinvested Asset (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof); provided that no asset that would otherwise be FLNG2 Collateral shall be an Excluded Asset except if such asset (other than Equity Interests of any FLNG2 Subsidiary) is excluded under clauses (a), (d), (j), (k) or (m) of Excluded Assets above. Excluded Contribution : the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents or the Fair Market Value of other assets received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Issue Date from: (a) contributions in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any amounts received from the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), (b) the sale of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than (i) to any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, (ii) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan, (iii) with the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to clause (h)(i) of the definition of Permitted Investments or (iv) Designated Preferred Stock), including any addition to capital as a result of any consolidation, merger or similar transaction with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent designated as an Excluded Contribution and the proceeds of which have not been applied in reliance on clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ii)(2) or 6.1(b)(xxix)(1), and (c) dividends, distributions, other Returns, fees and other payments from any Unrestricted Subsidiaries or joint ventures or Investments in entities that are not Restricted Subsidiaries. Existing Indentures : collectively, the 2025 Notes Indenture, the 2026 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture. Existing Note Guarantees : collectively, the 2025 Note Guarantees, the 2026 Notes Guarantees and the 2029 Note Guarantees. Existing Notes : collectively, the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the 2029 Notes. Existing Term Loan Tranche : has the meaning provided in Section 2.21(a). Extended Term Loans : has the meaning provided in Section 2.21(a). Extending Term Lender : has the meaning provided in Section 2.21(b). 37 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Extension : the establishment of an Extension Series by amending a Commitment or Loan pursuant to Section 2.21 and the applicable Extension Amendment. Extension Amendment : has the meaning provided in Section 2.21(c). Extension Election : has the meaning provided in Section 2.21(b). Extension Minimum Condition : a condition to consummating any Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Term Loan Extension Request, in the Borrower s sole discretion) of any or all applicable Classes be submitted for Extension. Extraordinary MPD Payments : collectively, Performance Liquidated Damages and Material Project Document Termination Payments. Facility : (a) the Initial Term Loan Facility or (b) any other given Class of Term Loans. Fair Market Value : with respect to any asset or group of assets on any date of determination, the value of the consideration obtainable in a sale of such asset at such date of determination assuming a sale by a willing seller to a willing purchaser dealing at arm s length and arranged in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time having regard to the nature and characteristics of such asset, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination will be conclusive (unless otherwise provided in this Agreement). FASB : the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. FATCA : as defined in Section 2.17(a). FCPA : as defined in Section 3.22(b). Federal Funds Rate : for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided, (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. FEMA Make Whole : the funds received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary as an equitable adjustment related to the early termination of the Borrower s or any Subsidiary s contract to provide emergency power services to support Puerto Rico s grid stabilization project. Financing Lease : as applied to any Person, any obligation that is required to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not a straight-line or operating lease) on both the balance sheet and income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. At the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a financing or capital lease would be the amount required to be reflected as a liability on such balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP. 38 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW First Amendment : that certain Amended and Restated First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto (the First Amendment Consenting Lenders and the Administrative Agent. First Amendment Effective Date : has the meaning specified in the First Amendment. First Initial Term Loan Funding Date : as defined in Section 4.2(a). First LNG : the first date on which the custody transfer meter located on the Pioneer II Rig records a transfer of liquified natural gas from the production facility to the floating storage unit moored alongside the production facility, as confirmed by the Independent Engineer. Fitch : Fitch Ratings or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Fixed Amount : as defined in Section 1.7(c). Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio : as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination to (b) Fixed Charges for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination, in each case of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Fixed Charges : as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries at any date of determination, on a consolidated basis, for any period, the sum of (without duplication): (1) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period; (2) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Preferred Stock of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made during such period; and (3) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Disqualified Stock of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made during such period. FLNG2 Affected Property shall mean, with respect to any FLNG2 Assets, the property of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries which has been lost, destroyed, materially damaged (other than ordinary wear and tear), condemned or taken. FLNG2 Assets : the natural gas liquefaction assets (including all real and personal property rights, Material Project Documents, Permits, the onshore interconnection pipeline and proceeds of any insurance policies insuring such assets, but excluding any other pipeline) that are owned by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries and collectively comprise the natural gas liquefaction facility referred to by the Borrower as FLNG2 . FLNG2 Collateral : the FLNG2 Assets, Reinvested Assets and the Equity Interests of any FLNG2 Subsidiary and any proceeds arising out of the sale or disposition of such assets including, for the avoidance of doubt, any proceeds of insurance insuring such assets, other than Excluded Assets as set forth in the proviso in the definition of Excluded Assets. 39 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW FLNG2 Consolidated Net Income : with respect to the FLNG2 Subsidiaries for any Test Period, an amount equal to the Consolidated Net Income of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries solely to the extent generated by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries from the FLNG2 Assets. FLNG2 Subsidiaries : (i) NFE FLNG2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the direct or indirect parent of each other FLNG2 Subsidiary, (ii) Mexico FLNG Onshore S. de R.L. de C.V., a sociedad de responsabilidad limitada de capital variable organized under the laws of Mexico, which owns the onshore interconnection pipeline, (iii) NFE Altamira Onshore, S. de R.L. de C.V., a sociedad de responsabilidad limitada de capital variable as organized under the laws of Mexico which leases the natural gas liquefaction assets from NFE FLNG2 LLC and (iv) any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that has a direct ownership interest in the Project, any FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets. Floor : the benchmark rate floor (which may be zero), if any, provided for in this Agreement with respect to Term SOFR or any Benchmark Replacement as determined for any Class of Loans. The Floor shall be 0.00 per annum with respect to the Initial Term Loans. Foreign Disposition : as defined in Section 2.10(b)(vii). Foreign Employee Benefit Plan : any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA which is maintained or contributed to for the benefit of the employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, but which is not covered by ERISA pursuant to ERISA Section 4(b)(4). Foreign Lender : as defined in Section 2.17(g). Foreign Recovery Event : as defined in Section 2.10(b)(vii). Foreign Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and any Restricted Subsidiary of such Foreign Subsidiary. Fortress : Fortress Investment Group LLC. Funding Notice : a notice substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1. GAAP : at the election of the Borrower, (i) the accounting standards and interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, as in effect from time to time IFRS if the Borrower s financial statements are at such time prepared in accordance with IFRS or (ii) generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, as in effect from time to time; provided that (a) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (x) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (previously referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 159) (or any other Accounting Standards Codification, International Accounting Standard or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (y) any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification, International Accounting Standard or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a 40 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and (b) any calculation or determination in this Agreement that requires the application of GAAP across multiple quarters need not be calculated or determined using the same accounting standard for each constituent quarter. For avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any classification under GAAP of any Person or business in respect of which a definitive agreement for the disposition thereof has been entered into as discontinued operations, the Consolidated Net Income and Consolidated EBITDA of such Person or business shall not be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA, respectively, until such disposition shall have been consummated. Gearing Ratio : means, as of any date of determination for the FLNG2 Subsidiaries, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (x) outstanding amounts of Term Loans on such date (assuming the Term Loans were incurred by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) to (y) Total Capital. Governmental Authority : any federal, state, provincial, municipal, national or other government, governmental department, commission, board, bureau, authority, court, central bank, agency, regulatory body or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof or any entity, officer or examiner exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to any government or any court, in each case whether associated with a state of the United States, the United States, or a foreign entity or government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Granting Lender : as defined in Section 9.6(o). Guarantee : the guarantee by any Guarantor of the Obligations. Guarantor : each Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower that executes this Agreement as a guarantor on the Closing Date and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that thereafter guarantees the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (but excluding any Person released from its obligations hereunder pursuant to Section 9.20) including the FLNG2 Subsidiaries. Guarantor Obligations : all obligations and liabilities of each Guarantor (including interest, fees and expenses after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy (or which, but for the filing of such petition, would be accruing), or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization, examinership or like proceeding, relating to such Guarantor, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interests, fees or expenses is allowed or allowable in such proceeding) which arise under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case whether on account of principal, interest, guarantee obligations, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses or otherwise. Hazardous Materials : any material, substance, chemical, or waste (or combination thereof) that (a) is listed, defined, designated, regulated or classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive, dangerous, a pollutant, a contaminant, or words of similar meaning or effect under any Environmental Law; or (b) can form the basis of any liability under any Environmental Law, including any Environmental Law relating to petroleum, petroleum products, asbestos, urea formaldehyde, radioactive materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and toxic mold. Hedge Agreement : (a) any agreement with respect to any Derivative Transaction between the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person, whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, 41 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW and the related confirmations, that are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. Hedging Obligations : the obligations of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Hedge Agreement. IBA : as defined in Section 1.5. IFRS : as defined in the definition of GAAP. Illegality Notice : as defined in Section 2.15(b). Immaterial FLNG2 Maintenance Transactions : any Disposition of property that is (i) surplus, obsolete, damaged, worn out property or other property that is (x) no longer used or useful in the business, subject to the replacement of any damaged or worn out assets with working assets or (y) otherwise economically impracticable to maintain, in each case in the ordinary course of business, or (ii) subject to a casualty, eminent domain, expropriation, condemnation proceedings or other involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property, so long as, in the case of the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii), such Disposition does not have any material adverse impact to the aggregate value of the FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets and will not impair the operation of the FLNG2 Assets or Reinvested Assets. Immaterial Subsidiary : as of any date of determination, any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) (a) the assets of which (on a standalone basis, when combined with the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary s subsidiaries attributable to such Restricted Subsidiary s economic interest therein) do not exceed 3.0 of Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower as of the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination and (b) the contribution to Consolidated EBITDA of which (on a standalone basis, when combined with the contribution to Consolidated EBITDA of such Restricted Subsidiary s subsidiaries, after intercompany eliminations) does not exceed 3.0 of the Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period on or prior to such date of determination. Immediate Family Member : with respect to any individual, such individual s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner, former domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships), any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals, such individual s estate (or an executor or administrator acting on its behalf), heirs, legatees or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. Increased Amount : as defined in Section 6.6(c). Increased Cost Lender : as defined in Section 2.19. Incurrence-Based Amounts : as defined in Section 1.7(c). Indebtedness as applied to any Person means, without duplication: (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money; 42 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW similar instruments; (b) all obligations with respect to Financing Leases; (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or (d) any obligation of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) any earn-out obligation, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation, unless such obligation has not been paid within 60 days after becoming due and payable and becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and (ii) any such obligations incurred ERISA), which purchase price is (A) due more than 365 days from the date of incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof or (B) evidenced by a note or similar written instrument; (e) all Indebtedness of others that is secured by any Lien on any asset owned or held by such Person regardless of whether the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed by such Person or is non-recourse to the credit of such Person provided that the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of this clause (e) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby; (f) letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued for the account of such Person or as to which such Person is otherwise liable for reimbursement of drawings; (g) the guarantee by such Person of the Indebtedness of another, other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; provided that the amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of this clause (g) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness that is non-recourse to the credit of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby; (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of any Disqualified Stock; and (i) all net obligations of such Person in respect of any Derivative Transaction, whether or not entered into for hedging or speculative purposes, other than those providing for the delivery of a commodity pursuant to forward contracts (any such Derivative Transaction pursuant to a Hedge Agreement, a Specified Hedge Agreement provided that in no event shall any obligation under any Derivative Transaction be deemed Indebtedness for any calculation of the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio or any other financial ratio under this Agreement; in each case, to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any third person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner and any unincorporated joint venture in which such Person is a joint venture) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable Requirements of Law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such Person s ownership interest in such Person, (A) except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provided that such Person is not liable therefor and (B) only to the extent the relevant Indebtedness is of the type that would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the term Indebtedness shall not include, and shall be calculated without giving effect to, (x) the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 or International Accounting Standard 39 and 43 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this proviso shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement) and (y) the effects of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133 and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivative created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amount that would have constituted Indebtedness under this Agreement but for the application of this sentence shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness under this Agreement). For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall exclude (i) intercompany liabilities arising from cash management and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) any amounts payable or other liabilities to trade creditors (including undrawn letters of credit) arising in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, including any deferred or prepaid revenue, (iii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller, (iv) any obligations attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto (including any accrued interest), (v) Indebtedness appearing on the balance sheet of the Borrower solely by reason of pushdown accounting under GAAP, (vi) accrued expenses and royalties, (vii) asset retirement obligations and obligations in respect of performance bonds, reclamation and workers compensation claims, retirement, post-employment or termination obligations (including pensions and retiree medical care), pension fund obligations or contributions or similar claims, or social security or wage taxes or contributions, (viii) accrued expenses or current trade or other ordinary course payables or liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including on an intercompany basis among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries), and obligations resulting from take-or-pay contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, and other liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits, (ix) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits and other accrued obligations (including transfer pricing), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (x) Non-Financing Lease Obligations or other obligations under or in respect of straight line leases, operating leases or Sale and Lease-Back Transactions (except to the extent resulting in a Financing Lease), any leases or rentals of equipment related to exploration, production and commercialization activities, including without limitation, leases or rentals of or related to drilling rigs, pipelines, supply boats and LNG carriers, FPSO (floating production storage and offloading) facilities, WHPs (wellhead platforms), TLWPs (tension leg wellhead platforms) and any other equipment or other assets, provided that such leases or rentals do not include a bargain purchase option, (xi) customary obligations under employment agreements and deferred compensation arrangements, (xii) Contingent Obligations, (xiii) obligations under any license, permit or other approval (or guarantees given in respect of such obligations) incurred prior to the Closing Date or in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (xiv) any liability for taxes and (xv) any land and port concessions. Indemnified Liabilities : as defined in Section 9.5(a) hereto. Indemnitee : as defined in Section 9.5(a) hereto. 44 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Independent Engineer : Black Veatch LLP, or another nationally recognized engineering consultant selected by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. Independent Financial Advisor : an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing. Information : as defined in Section 9.14 hereto. Initial Lenders : each of Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Natixis, New York Branch, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., MUFG Bank Ltd. and Banco Santander, S.A., New York Branch. Initial Term Loan Commitment : (a) as to any Lender, that portion of such Lender s Commitment with respect to the Initial Term Loans, as such amount may be reduced at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, and (b) as to all Lenders, the aggregate portion of Commitments of all Lenders to make Initial Term Loans. The aggregate amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitment of all Lenders as of the Closing Date is 700,000,000. Initial Term Loan Commitment Termination Date means the earliest of (i) June 30, 2026, (ii) the Completion Date or (iii) the date on which the aggregate Initial Term Loan Commitments have been reduced to 0 or terminated in full. Initial Term Loan Funding Date means, with respect to any Initial Term Loan, the Business Day on which such Initial Term Loan is borrowed. Initial Term Loan Facility : as defined in the recitals hereto. Initial Term Loans : the term loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower on any Initial Term Loan Funding Date pursuant to Section 2.1(a). Insolvency : with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. Intercreditor Agreements : any Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement and any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Interest Payment Date : with respect to (a) any Loan that is a Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date; and the final maturity date of such Loan; and (b) any Loan that is a SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the final maturity of such Loan; provided that, in the case of each Interest Period of longer than three months, Interest Payment Date shall also include each date that is three months, or an integral multiple thereof, after the commencement of such Interest Period. Interest Period : in connection with a SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability of the Term SOFR applicable to the relevant Loan), as selected by the Borrower in the applicable Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, (a) initially, commencing on the Closing Date or Conversion/Continuation Date thereof, as the case may be; and (b) thereafter, commencing on the day on which the immediately preceding Interest Period expires; provided, (i) if an Interest Period would otherwise expire on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest 45 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day unless no further Business Day occurs in such month, in which case such Interest Period shall expire on the immediately preceding Business Day; (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall, subject to clause (iii) of this definition, end on the last Business Day of a calendar month; (iii) no Interest Period with respect to any portion of Loans shall extend beyond the Maturity Date and (iv) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.12(d) shall be available for specification in such Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice. International LNG Terminal Standards : to the extent not inconsistent with the express requirements of this Agreement, the international standards and practices applicable to the design, construction, equipment, operation or maintenance of LNG liquefaction terminals, established by the following (such standards to apply in the following order of priority): (i) a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries, (ii) the Society of International Gas Tanker and Terminal Operators SIGTTO and (iii) any other internationally recognized non-governmental agency or organization with whose standards and practices it is customary for Reasonable and Prudent Operators of LNG liquefaction terminals to comply. In the event of a conflict between any of the priorities noted above, the priority with the lowest roman numeral noted above shall prevail. International LNG Vessel Standards : to the extent not inconsistent with the express requirements of this Agreement, the international standards and practices applicable to the ownership, design, equipment, operation or maintenance of LNG vessels established by: (i) the International Maritime Organization, (ii) the Oil Companies International Marine Forum, (iii) SIGTTO (or any successor body of the same), (iv) the International Navigation Association, (v) the International Association of Classification Societies, and (vi) any other internationally recognized agency or non-governmental organization with whose standards and practices it is customary for Reasonable and Prudent Operators of LNG vessels to comply. In the event of a conflict between any of the priorities noted above, the priority with the lowest Roman numeral noted above shall prevail. Investment : (a) any purchase or other acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any of the securities of any other Person (other than the Borrower or any Guarantor), (b) the acquisition by purchase or otherwise (other than any purchase or other acquisition of inventory, materials, supplies and/or equipment in the ordinary course of business) of all or substantially all the business, property or fixed assets of any other Person or any division or line of business or other business unit of any other Person and (c) any loan, advance or capital contribution (other than accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, intercompany loans among the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) or any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, member, partner, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures, in each case in the ordinary course of business, consistent with practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries) by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any other Person. The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment (determined, in the case of an Investment made with assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, based on the net book value of the assets invested), minus any payments actually received by such investor representing a Return in respect of such Investment (without duplication of amounts increasing clause (2) of Section 6.1(a)), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment. 46 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW If the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issues, sells or otherwise disposes of any Capital Stock of a Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary such that, after giving effect thereto, such Person is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary, any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Person remaining after giving effect thereto shall not be deemed to be an Investment at such time. Investment Grade Assets : (a) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents), (b) debt securities or debt instruments with an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or advances among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (c) investments in any fund that invests at least 90.0 of its assets in investments of the type described in the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment or distribution and (d) corresponding instruments utilized by any Foreign Subsidiary and customarily used by companies in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary for high quality investments. Investment Grade Rating : a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P or Fitch or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any other nationally recognized rating agency. IP Rights : a license or right to use all rights in Designs, patents, trademarks, domain names, copyrights, software, Trade Secrets and all other intellectual property rights. IRS : the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Issue Date : September 2, 2020. Joinder Agreement a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit G, duly executed by a Subsidiary made a party hereto pursuant to Section 5.10(a). Judgment Currency : as defined in Section 9.17(b) hereto. Junior Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, that such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Senior Priority Obligations and is subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement (it being understood that junior Liens are not required to rank equally and ratably with other junior Liens, and that Indebtedness secured by junior Liens may be secured by Liens that are senior in priority to, or rank equally and ratably with, or junior in priority to, other Liens constituting junior Liens). Junior Priority Collateral Agent : the Junior Priority Representative for the holders of any Junior Priority Obligations. Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement : an intercreditor agreement with respect to the Collateral, entered into by, among others, the Collateral Agent, the applicable Junior Priority Collateral Agent(s) and, if applicable, any other Equal Priority Collateral Agent(s), having substantially the same terms as those described in the Description of Notes Security for the Notes Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement section of the Offering Memorandum and other usual or customary terms reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. Junior Priority Obligations : the obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having Junior Lien Priority relative to the Obligations; provided that such Lien is permitted to be incurred under this Agreement, and provided further, that the holders of such Indebtedness or their Junior Priority Representative shall become party to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. 47 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Junior Priority Representative : any duly authorized representative of any holders of Junior Priority Obligations, which representative is named as such in a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or any joinder thereto. Kiewit Contract : as defined in Schedule 1.1B. Latest Maturity Date : at any date of determination and with respect to the specified Loans or Commitments (or in the absence of any such specification, all outstanding Loans and Commitments hereunder), the latest Maturity Date applicable to any such Loans or Commitments hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity date of any Extended Term Loan, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time. Law : all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, licenses, authorizations and permits of, any Governmental Authority. LC Facility : that certain Uncommitted Line of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021, among New Fortress Energy Inc., as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent. LCT Election : as defined in Section 1.6(a). LCT Test Date : as defined in Section 1.6(a). Lender Parent : with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. Lenders : the Persons listed on Schedule 1.1A and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than any such Person that shall have ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance; provided, however, that Section 9.5 shall continue to apply to each such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance as if such Person is a Lender . Lien : any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or other security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Financing Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing), in each case, in the nature of security; provided that in no event shall a Non-Financing Lease Obligation be deemed to constitute a Lien. Limited Condition Transaction : any acquisition or Investment, including by way of merger, amalgamation, consolidation, Division or similar transaction, not prohibited by this Agreement, in each case whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. Liquefaction Development Entity : (i) any Subsidiary of the Borrower, the principal operations of which are the construction, development, financing or operation of liquefaction facilities and (ii) one or more holding companies, the primary purpose of which is to hold the capital stock of any such entity, either directly or indirectly. 48 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW LNG : natural gas in its liquid state at or below its boiling point at or near atmospheric pressure. Loan Documents : this Agreement, the Security Documents and, the Loan Notes. Loan Note : a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit C. Loan Parties : the collective reference to the Borrower and each Guarantor. Loans : the extensions of credit made by the Lenders to the Borrower hereunder in the form of Term Loans. Management Investors : the current, former or future officers, directors, managers and employees (and any Immediate Family Members of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries who are or who become direct or indirect investors in the Borrower. Material Adverse Effect : any circumstances or conditions that would have a material adverse effect on (a) the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the rights or remedies of the Secured Parties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (c) the business, assets, properties, liabilities or financial condition of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole. Material Intellectual Property means any Intellectual Property owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is material to the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. Material Project Counterparty means each Person (other than the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates) from time to time party to any Material Project Document. Material Project Document : (i) each agreement set forth on Schedule 1.1B, (ii) each Replacement Material Project Document, (iii) each performance security, letters of credit and guarantees required to be delivered under any Material Project Document, (iv) any terminal services agreement, or storage services agreement to be entered into by an FLNG2 Subsidiary with any other Person in connection with the Project, (v) any material leasehold real property agreement or other material real property agreement entered into by an FLNG2 Subsidiary with any other Person in connection with Project, and (vi) and any other contract or agreement in respect of the Project entered into by an FLNG2 Subsidiary with any other Person subsequent to the Closing Date that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree in writing to designate as a Material Project Document provided that the Administrative Agent may consult with the Independent Engineer in making such designation. Material Project Document Modification : as defined in Section 6.13. Material Project Document Termination Payments : all payments that are actually paid to or for the account of any Loan Party by a Material Project Counterparty as a result of the termination of any Material Project Document. Material Real Estate Asset : any fee-owned real estate asset owned by a Loan Party on the Closing Date, acquired by a Loan Party after the Closing Date or owned by any Person at the time such Person becomes a Loan Party, in each case, having a Fair Market Value in excess of 25.0 million as of the date of acquisition thereof (or the date of substantial completion of any material improvement thereon or 49 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW new construction thereof) or if the owning entity becomes a Loan Party after the Closing Date, as of the date such Person becomes a Loan Party. Maturity Date : (i) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, the earliest of: (a) the third anniversary of the Closing Date (such date, the Stated Maturity Date ), (b) 60 days prior to the maturity date of the 2025 Notes if the Refinance Conditions have not been satisfied with respect to the 2025 Notes as of such date, (c) 60 days prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Notes if the Refinance Conditions have not been satisfied with respect to the 2026 Notes as of such date, and (d) the date on which the Loans become due and payable in full hereunder (whether by acceleration or otherwise) and (ii) with respect to any Class of Extended Term Loans, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Term Loan Extension Request accepted by the respective Lender or Lenders; provided that if such date is not a Business Day, then the applicable Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. Maximum Rate : as defined in Section 9.25. Moody s : Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Mortgage : any mortgage, deed of trust or other similar agreement made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Common Representative, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties, on any Material Real Estate Asset constituting Collateral, which shall be in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. MSA : as defined in Schedule 1.1B. MSSF : Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. Multiemployer Plan : a plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA with respect to which the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has an obligation to make contributions or has any actual or contingent liability. Net Proceeds : (a) 100 of the cash proceeds actually received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise and including casualty insurance settlements (excluding any settlement received in connection with a business interruption insurance policy) and condemnation awards, but in each case only as and when received) from any Asset Sale or Recovery Event, net of (i) attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer Taxes, deed or mortgage recording Taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith, (ii) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents and other than Indebtedness secured by Liens that rank pari passu with or are subordinated to the Liens securing the Obligations) on the asset subject to such Asset Sale or Recovery Event and that is required to be repaid in connection with such Asset Sale or Recovery Event, together with any applicable premium, penalty, interest and breakage costs, (iii) in the case of any Asset Sale, or Recovery Event by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (iii)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower as a result thereof, (iv) Taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by the Borrower 50 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or beneficial owners, directly or indirectly, as a result thereof, and (v) the amount of any reasonable reserve established in accordance with GAAP against any adjustment to the sale price or any liabilities (x) related to any of the applicable assets and (y) retained by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries including, without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations (provided, however, the amount of any subsequent reduction of such reserve (other than in connection with a payment in respect of any such liability) shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds of such Asset Sale or Recover Event occurring on the date of such reduction); provided that, at the option of the Borrower, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may use (or enter into an agreement to use) all or any portion of such proceeds to acquire, maintain, develop, construct, improve, upgrade or repair assets useful in the business of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or to make acquisitions not prohibited hereunder, in each case within 12 months of such Asset Sale or Recovery Event, and such proceeds shall not constitute Net Proceeds except to the extent not, within 12 months of such Asset Sale or Recovery Event, so used or contractually committed to be so used (and then reinvested within 18 months of such Asset Sale or Recovery Event) (it being understood that if any portion of such proceeds are not so used within such 12-month period (or such 18-month period, as applicable) but within such 12-month period (or such 18-month period, as applicable) are contractually committed to be used, then if such Net Proceeds are not so used within 180 days from the end of such 12-month period (or such 18-month period, as applicable), then such remaining portion shall constitute Net Proceeds as of the date of such termination or expiry without giving effect to this proviso); provided further, that, other than with respect to the FLNG2 Assets, no proceeds shall constitute Net Proceeds unless the aggregate net proceeds exceed 50,000,000 in any fiscal year for all Asset Sales or Recovery Events (and thereafter only net cash proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Proceeds under this clause (a)); provided further, with respect to any Recovery Event in respect of any FLNG2 Affected Property, (I) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of such Recovery Event, (II) in the event that the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Recovery Event (A) is greater than 10.0 million and less than or equal to 25.0 million and (B) was actually paid to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an insurance policy) the Borrower shall (x) as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 60 days of receiving such net cash proceeds submit a Restoration Notice to the Administrative Agent (and, if the Borrower does not so submit such Restoration Notice, such net cash proceeds shall become Net Proceeds to the extent provided in this definition), and (y) following the submission of any such Restoration Notice, use reasonable efforts to complete the Restoration Action contemplated by such Restoration Notice, (III) in the event that the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Recovery Event (A) is greater than 25.0 million and (B) was actually paid to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an insurance policy) the Borrower shall (x) as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 90 days of receiving such net cash proceeds Borrower shall submit a Restoration Plan to the Administrative Agent (and, if the Borrower does not so submit such Restoration Plan, such net cash proceeds shall become Net Proceeds to the extent provided in this definition), and within a further 10 days after submission to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate to the Administrative Agent to the effect that the Borrower s Restoration Plan is prudent and sound and the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower in respect of such Recovery Event is sufficient (together with all other monies reasonably expected to be available to the Borrower or FLNG2 Subsidiary), in the reasonable opinion of the Independent Engineer, for such Restoration Action contemplated by the Restoration Plan, and attaching a copy of a certificate from the Independent Engineer confirming the same and (y) following the submission of any such Restoration Plan, use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Restoration Action contemplated by such Restoration Plan, and (IV) any assets rebuilt, restored or acquired in connection with such Restoration Action shall be pledged to secure the Super Priority Obligations and shall not secure any other obligations; provided further, with respect to any cash proceeds actually received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 51 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise and including casualty insurance settlements (excluding any settlement received in connection with a business interruption insurance policy) and condemnation awards, but in each case only as and when received) from any Asset Sale or Recovery Event related to the FLNG2 Collateral and not otherwise reinvested as set forth above, none of the items described in clauses (i) through (v) in this paragraph shall apply for purposes of calculating Net Proceeds for such Asset Sale or Recovery Event; (b) 100 of the cash proceeds from the incurrence, issuance or sale by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness, net of all Taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, as a result thereof and fees (including investment banking fees, underwriting fees and discounts), commissions, costs and other expenses, in each case incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such issuance or sale; and (c) in respect of any Extraordinary MPD Payments, the aggregate amount of payments received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such payments, net of (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (if any) and, if applicable, reasonable transaction costs (including reasonable legal and accounting fees and expenses), incurred, invoiced or required by contract to be paid by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the collection of such proceeds; (ii) federal, state, provincial, foreign and local Taxes (other than any income taxes) reasonably estimated to be actually payable by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries within the current or the immediately succeeding tax year in connection therewith to the extent such amounts were not deducted in determining the amount of such proceeds; (iii) any amounts associated with unwinding of any related Hedge Agreement; and (iv) with respect to any Material Project Document Termination Payment, amounts thereof applied (A) to make payments under any Replacement Material Project Document following termination of the Material Project Document that gave rise to such Material Project Document Termination Payment or (B) to the drafting, negotiation or implementation of any Replacement Material Project Document; provided that, subject to clauses (I) (IV) below, at the option of the Borrower, the FLNG2 Subsidiaries may use (or enter into an agreement to use) all or any portion of such proceeds to acquire, maintain, develop, construct, improve, upgrade or repair assets useful in the business of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries or to make acquisitions not prohibited hereunder (such use, an Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment ), and such proceeds shall not constitute Net Proceeds except to the extent that such proceeds are not, within 12 months of receipt of such Extraordinary MPD Payments, so used or contractually committed to be so used (it being understood that if any portion of such proceeds are not so used within such 12-month period but within such 12-month period are contractually committed to be used, then if such Net Proceeds are not so used within 180 days from the end of such 12-month period, then such remaining portion shall constitute Net Proceeds as of the date of expiry of such 180-day period without giving effect to this proviso), so long as (I) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the receipt of any such proceeds of Extraordinary MPD Payments, (II) in the event that such proceeds are greater than 10.0 million and less than or equal to 25.0 million, the Borrower shall (x) as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 60 days of receiving such proceeds, submit a written notice to the Administrative Agent certifying that the Borrower or an FLNG2 Subsidiary intends to make an Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment and that, as of the date of delivery of such notice, the Borrower reasonably believes sufficient funds are or will be available to it or the applicable FLNG2 Subsidiary such that such Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment can be completed with funds available to it or the applicable FLNG2 Subsidiary and (y) following the submission of any such notice, use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment contemplated thereby, (III) in the event that such proceeds are greater than 25.0 million, the 52 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Borrower shall (x) as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 90 days of receiving such proceeds, submit a reasonably detailed plan (an Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment Plan to the Administrative Agent describing the proposed plan, time schedule, contractual arrangements, and projected capital expenses for such Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment (and, if the Borrower does not so submit such Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment Plan, such net cash proceeds shall become Net Proceeds to the extent provided in this definition), and within a further 10 days after submission to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate to the Administrative Agent to the effect that the Borrower s Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment Plan is prudent and sound and the proceeds of the subject Extraordinary MPD Payments are sufficient (together with all other monies reasonably expected to be available to the Borrower or FLNG2 Subsidiary), in the reasonable opinion of the Independent Engineer, and attaching a copy of a certificate from the Independent Engineer confirming the same, for such Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment contemplated by the Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment Plan and (y) following the submission of any such Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment Plan, use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment contemplated thereby, and (IV) any assets rebuilt, restored or acquired in connection with such Extraordinary MPD Payment Reinvestment shall be pledged to secure the Super Priority Obligations and shall not secure any other obligations. Net Short Lender : as defined in Section 9.26. NFE Offtake Agreement : has the meaning assigned to such term on Schedule 1.1B. Non-Consenting Lender : as defined in Section 2.19. Non-Defaulting Lender : at any time, any Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. Non-Excluded Taxes : as defined in Section 2.17(a). Non-Financing Lease Obligation : a lease obligation that is not required to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease on both the balance sheet and the income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. For avoidance of doubt, a straight line or operating lease shall be considered a Non-Financing Lease Obligation. Non-Public Information : material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or their securities. Non-Super Priority Collateral : the Collateral other than the FLNG2 Collateral. Notice : a Funding Notice or a Conversion/Continuation Notice. Obligations : the collective reference to (a) the Borrower Obligations and (b) the Guarantor Obligations. Offering Memorandum : the Offering Memorandum dated August 19, 2020 relating to the offering of the 2025 Notes and as in effect on the Closing Date. Officer s Certificate : a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or on behalf of any other Person, as the case may be, that meets the requirements set forth in this Agreement. 53 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW OID : original issue discount. Organizational Documents : with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of any corporation, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or similar documents) of such Person, (ii) in the case of any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iii) in the case of any limited partnership, the certificate of formation and limited partnership agreement (or similar documents) of such Person, (iv) in the case of any general partnership, the partnership agreement (or similar document) of such Person, (v) in the case of any trust, the declaration of trust and trust agreement (or similar document) of such Person and (vi) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. Other Applicable Indebtedness : as defined in Section 2.10(b)(ii). Other Connection Taxes : with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than any connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes : any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document (and any interest, additions to Tax or penalties applicable thereto), except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed as a result of an assignment by a Recipient (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). Outstanding Amount : with respect to any Lender at any time, the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Loans. Participant : as defined in Section 9.6(b). Participant Register : as defined in Section 9.6(b). PATRIOT Act : the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). PBGC : the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor). Pension Plan : a pension plan, as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is subject to Title IV of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), and to which the Borrower may have liability, including any liability by reason of the Borrower s (a) being jointly and severally liable for liabilities of any Commonly Controlled Entity in connection with such Pension Plan, (b) having been a substantial employer within the meaning of Section 4063 of ERISA at any time during the preceding five years, or (c) being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under Section 4069 of ERISA. Performance Liquidated Damages : any liquidated damages that are actually paid to or for the account of any Loan Party by a Material Project Counterparty for or on account of any diminution to the performance of the Project (in each case, other than delay liquidated damages or other damages or payments 54 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW of the type meant to substitute, replace or compensate the applicable Loan Party for lost or otherwise foregone revenue). Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . Permit : any permit, license, approval, consent, order, right, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction, decree, registration, notification, authorization, franchise, privilege, grant, waiver, exemption and other similar concession or bylaw, rule or regulation of, by or from any Governmental Authority. Permitted Asset Swap : the substantially concurrent purchase and sale or exchange, including as a deposit for future purchases, of Related Business Assets or a combination of Related Business Assets and cash or Cash Equivalents between the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person. Permitted Capital Expenditures : Capital Expenditures incurred (a) for the purpose of permitting any FLNG2 Subsidiary or the Project to comply with applicable Law (including any Environmental Laws) and/or any Permit, (b) for the payment of Project Costs, including as required pursuant to the terms of the Material Project Documents and as contemplated by the then-current Construction Budget and Schedule or annual operating budget, as applicable, (c) as required to operate the Project in accordance with Prudent Industry Practices and (d) under emergency circumstances to resume or maintain operation of the Project in accordance with Prudent Industry Practice or to avoid imminent threat to human life or property; provided that in the case of clause (c) above, such Capital Expenditures shall not exceed 25,000,000 in aggregate within any twelve (12) month period. Permitted Holders : (a) any of Fortress, the Management Investors and their respective Affiliates, (b) any Person who is acting solely as an underwriter or initial purchaser in connection with a public or private offering of Equity Interests of the Borrower, acting in such capacity, and (c) any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) of which any of the foregoing are members and any member of such group; provided that, in the case of such group and any member of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, no Person or other group (other than the Permitted Holders specified in clauses (a), (b) or (d) of this definition) owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50.0 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower held by such group. Permitted Investments : (a) cash or Investments that were Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Assets at the time made; (b) (i) Investments existing on the Closing Date in the Borrower or in any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) Investments made after the Closing Date in the Borrower and/or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries (including, in each case, guarantees of obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries); (c) Investments (i) constituting deposits, prepayments, trade credit (including the creation of receivables) and/or other credits to suppliers or lessors, (ii) made in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client and customer contracts and/or (iii) in the form of advances made to distributors, suppliers, lessors, licensors and licensees, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or, in the case of clause (iii), to the extent necessary to maintain the ordinary course of supplies to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 55 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (d) Investments in joint ventures and Unrestricted Subsidiaries (with respect to each such Investment, as valued at Fair Market Value of such Investment at the time such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made); provided that the amount of such Investment (as so valued) shall not cause the aggregate amount of all such Investments made pursuant to this clause (d) and outstanding at the time of such Investment, after giving pro forma effect to such Investment, to exceed the greater of 320.0 million and 20.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, further however, that if any Investment pursuant to this clause (d) is made in any Person that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (b) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to this clause (d); (e) Any Investment by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit, division or product line (including research and development and related assets in respect of any product): (i) in any Person or the Equity Interests of any Person who is engaged in a Similar Business and becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (and, in any event, including by redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or by means of a Division); or (ii) if as a result of such Investment, such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets (or such division, business unit, product line or line of business) to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, and, in each case, any Investment held by such Person; provided that such Investment was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation, Division, consolidation, transfer, conveyance or redesignation; (f) Investments (i) existing on, or contractually committed to or contemplated as of, the Closing Date and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment described in clause (i) above so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension increases the amount of such Investment except by the terms thereof in effect on the Closing Date (including as a result of the accrual or accretion of interest or original issue discount or the issuance of pay-in-kind securities) or as otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement; (g) Investments (including earn-outs) received in lieu of cash in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.4 or any other disposition of assets not constituting an Asset Sale; (h) loans or advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, consultants or independent contractors (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and/or any joint venture (i) to the extent permitted by applicable Requirements of Law, in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower, so long as any cash proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed to the Borrower for the purchase of such Equity Interests, (ii) for reasonable and customary business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes and (iii) for purposes not described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii); provided that after giving pro forma effect to the making of any such loan, advance or guarantee, 56 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW the aggregate principal amount of all loans, advances and guarantees made in reliance on this clause (h) then outstanding (measured as of the date such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made) shall not exceed 80.0 million; (i) Investments (i) made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contacts and loans or advances made to distributors in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or (ii) consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable, performance guarantees or Contingent Obligations or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (j) Investments consisting of (or resulting from) (i) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.3, (ii) Permitted Liens, (iii) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.1 (other than a Restricted Payment permitted under Section 6.1(b)(ix)) and (iv) Asset Sales permitted under Section 6.4 or any other disposition not constituting an Asset Sale (other than pursuant to clause (a), (b), (c)(ii) (if made in reliance on clause (B) therein) and (g) of the definition thereof); (k) Investments in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers; (l) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received (i) in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person, (ii) in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers, suppliers and other account debtors arising in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (iii) upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment and/or (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise, resolution of litigation, arbitration or other disputes; (m) loans and advances of payroll payments or other compensation (including deferred compensation) to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants of the Borrower and/or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (n) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made solely with Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower; (o) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary that is acquired after the Closing Date, or of any Person merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case as part of an Investment otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of the relevant acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this clause (o) so long as no such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof increases the amount of such Investment except as otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement; (p) [Reserved]; 57 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (q) Investments made after the Closing Date by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount (with respect to each such Investment, as valued at the Fair Market Value of such Investment at the time such Investment is made or, at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made) then outstanding not to exceed: (i) the greater of 405.0 million and 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (measured as of the date such Investment is made, or at the option of the Borrower, committed to be made); plus (ii) in the event that (A) the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries makes any Investment after the Closing Date in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and (B) such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, at the election of the Borrower, an amount equal to 100.0 of the Fair Market Value of such Investment as of the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the Borrower elects to apply the Fair Market Value of any such Investment (other than any Investment made pursuant to clause (q)(i)) in the manner described above in order to increase availability under this clause (q), then such Fair Market Value, and such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, shall not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or reduce the amount of outstanding Investments under the provision pursuant to which such Investment was initially made; (r) [Reserved]; (s) to the extent constituting Investments, (i) guarantees of leases (other than Financing Leases) or of other obligations not constituting Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) guarantees of the lease obligations of suppliers, customers, franchisees and licensees of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (t) [Reserved]; (u) [Reserved]; (v) Investments in Subsidiaries of the Borrower in connection with internal reorganizations and/or tax restructuring entered into among the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries; (w) any Derivative Transactions of the type permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xix); (x) Investments consisting of the licensing of intellectual property or other works of authorship for the purpose of joint marketing arrangements with other Persons; (y) repurchases of the Existing Notes and any other Senior Indebtedness; (z) (i) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent that the same are permitted to remain unfunded under applicable Requirements of Law and (ii) Investments of assets relating to any non-qualified deferred payment plan or similar employee compensation plan in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; 58 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (aa) Investments in the Borrower, any Subsidiary and/or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities and/or customary buy/sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements, in each case, entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (bb) additional Investments so long as, after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio of the Borrower for the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available does not exceed 4.85 to 1.00; (cc) any Investment made by any Unrestricted Subsidiary prior to the date on which such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as the relevant Investment was not made in contemplation of the designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; (dd) [Reserved]; (ee) Investments in Receivables Subsidiaries required in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing (including the contribution or lending of cash and Cash Equivalents to Receivables Subsidiaries to finance the purchase of assets from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to otherwise fund required reserves); (ff) contributions to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees, directors, consultants, independent contractors or other service providers or other grantor trust (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (gg) to the extent that they constitute Investments, purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of inventory, supplies, materials or equipment or purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of other assets, intellectual property, or other rights or the contribution of IP Rights pursuant to joint marketing arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (hh) intercompany current liabilities owed to Unrestricted Subsidiaries or joint ventures incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or in connection with cash management operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (ii) Investments made from casualty insurance proceeds in connection with the replacement, substitution, restoration or repair of assets on account of a casualty event; (jj) Investments to the extent required by applicable rules under the Exchange Act or by any governmental authority, including any Investment made in order to avoid early warning or notice requirements under such rules or requirements; (kk) [Reserved]; and (ll) any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is not prohibited by and is made in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.5 (except transactions permitted by Section 6.5(b)(iv)(1) by reference to Section 6.1 or this definition and Section 6.5(b)(xv) and (xix)). Permitted Liens : 59 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (a) (i) Liens securing the Indebtedness incurred under any Loan Document and (ii) Liens securing the Indebtedness incurred under the Revolving Credit Agreement, the LC Facility and the TLB Credit Agreement; (b) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges (i) which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or not yet payable or subject to penalties for nonpayment, (ii) which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (iii) which are on property that the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has determined to abandon if the sole recourse for such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim is to such property or (iv) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) Liens (and rights of setoff) of landlords, banks, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, repairmen, workmen and materialmen, and other Liens (including, without limitation, any maritime liens, whether or not statutory, that are recognized or given effect to as such by the law of any applicable jurisdiction) imposed by applicable Requirements of Law, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (i) for amounts not yet overdue by more than 60 days, (ii) for amounts that are overdue by more than 60 days or that are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Liens or those that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, so long as any reserves or other appropriate provisions required by GAAP have been made for any such contested amounts or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (d) Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (i) in connection with workers compensation, pension, unemployment insurance, employers health tax and other types of social security or similar laws and regulations or other insurance related obligations (including in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto), (ii) to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or completion bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade contracts, performance and return-of-money bonds and other similar obligations (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations but exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money), (iii) securing or in connection with (x) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance (including self-insurance) to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or otherwise supporting the payment of items set forth in the foregoing clause (i) or (y) leases or licenses of property otherwise not prohibited by this Agreement and use and occupancy agreements, utility services and similar transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and (iv) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) through (iii) above; (e) Liens consisting of survey exceptions, easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, and other similar encumbrances or minor defects or irregularities in title, in each case that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (f) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any lease of real estate entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) landlord lien not 60 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW prohibited by the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor or sublessor may be subject or (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sublessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii); (g) Liens solely on any cash advance, earnest money or escrow deposits made by the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to any Investment or disposition not prohibited under this Agreement; (h) Liens or purported Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements, including precautionary UCC financing statements, or any similar filings made in respect of (i) Non-Financing Lease Obligations or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and/or (ii) the sale of accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (to the extent otherwise permitted herein) for which a UCC financing statement is required; (i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; (j) Liens in connection with any zoning, building, land use or similar Requirements of Law or right reserved to or vested in any governmental authority by any statutory provision or by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to (i) control or regulate the use of any or dimensions of real property or the structure thereon that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, including Liens in connection with any condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order or (ii) terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit or to require annual or other payments as a condition to the continuation thereof; (k) Liens securing Refinancing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) (solely with respect to the permitted refinancing of (x) Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(a) or Sections 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (x), (xi), (xiv), (xv), (xvii), (xviii), (xxi), (xxv), (xxxvi), (xli) or (xlii), or (y) Indebtedness that is secured in reliance on clause (u) below (without duplication of any amount outstanding thereunder)); provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that did not secure the Indebtedness being refinanced, other than (A) after- acquired property that is affixed to or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B) in the case of any property or assets financed by Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock or subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness, in each case, not prohibited by Section 6.3, the terms of which Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock require or include a pledge of after-acquired property to secure such Indebtedness and related obligations, any such after-acquired property and (C) the proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xiv) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its Affiliates) and (ii) if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the Borrower may elect to have the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank (I) if the Liens on the Collateral that secured the Indebtedness that was refinanced by such Refinancing Indebtedness ranked equal in priority with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Secured 61 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Notes Obligations or junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations or (II) if the Liens on the Collateral that secured the Indebtedness that was refinanced by such Refinancing Indebtedness ranked junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations, junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor agreement with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; (l) Liens existing on the Closing Date or pursuant to agreements in existence on the Closing Date and any modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension thereof; provided that (i) no such Lien extends to any property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that was not subject to the original Lien, other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed to or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (B) in the case of any property or assets financed by Indebtedness or subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness, in either case permitted under Section 6.3, the terms of which Indebtedness require or include a pledge of after-acquired property to secure such Indebtedness and related obligations, any such after-acquired property and (C) the proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the type permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xiv) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its Affiliates) and (ii) any such modification, replacement, refinancing, renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, if the same constitute Indebtedness, is not prohibited by Section 6.3; (m) Liens arising out of Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted under Section 6.3(b)(xxv) and customary security deposits, related contract rights and payment intangibles related thereto; (xviii) or (xxi); (n) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xiv), (o) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xv) on the property or other asset the acquisition or Investment in which is financed thereby or on the Equity Interests and assets of the newly acquired Restricted Subsidiary or Liens otherwise existing on property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property or Equity Interests or other assets of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (including by the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary); provided that no such Lien (A) extends to or covers any other assets (other than (x) any replacements, additions and accessions thereto, any improvements thereon and any proceeds or products thereof, (y) after-acquired property to the extent such Indebtedness requires or includes, pursuant to its terms at the time assumed, a pledge of after-acquired property of such Person, and any replacements, additions and accessions thereto, any improvements thereon and any proceeds or products thereof, and customary security deposits in respect thereof and (z) in the case of multiple financings of equipment provided by any lender or its Affiliates, other equipment financed by such lender or its Affiliates, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition) or (B) was created in contemplation of the applicable acquisition of the Person, assets or Equity Interests; (p) (i) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff or netting relating to (A) the establishment of depositary relations with banks not granted in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (B) pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in 62 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and (D) commodity trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (ii) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits, (iii) bankers Liens and rights and remedies as to Deposit Accounts, (iv) Liens on the proceeds of any Indebtedness in favor of the holders of such Indebtedness incurred in connection with any transaction permitted under this Agreement, which proceeds have been deposited into an escrow account on customary terms to secure such Indebtedness pending the application of such proceeds to finance such transaction and (v) Liens consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a disposition permitted under Section 6.4, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien; (q) Liens on assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors (including Equity Interests owned by such Persons); (r) (i) Liens securing obligations (other than obligations representing indebtedness for borrowed money) under operating, reciprocal easement or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm of the Borrower and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens not securing indebtedness for borrowed money that are granted in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and customary in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (s) Liens on the Collateral securing obligations in respect of Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt, Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt or Refinancing Equivalent Debt (each as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement); provided that (x) any such Liens securing any Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt are subject to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement and (y) any such Liens securing any Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt are subject to a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement; (t) Liens on Non-Super Priority Collateral securing obligations in respect of Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined under the TLB Credit Agreement) permitted under Section 6.3(b)(ii); provided that such Indebtedness ranks junior in right of security with the Obligations and any such Liens are subject to a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement; (u) other Liens on assets (other than the FLNG2 Collateral) securing Indebtedness; provided that, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness and other obligations then outstanding and secured thereby shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 485.0 million and 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination; provided that, if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the Borrower may elect to have the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; 63 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (v) (i) Liens on assets securing, or otherwise arising from, judgments, awards, attachments and/or decrees and notices of lis pendens and associated rights relating to litigation not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(6) and (ii) any pledge and/or deposit securing any settlement of litigation; (w) (i) leases (including ground leases and leases of vehicles, tankers and ISO containers), licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (and other agreements pursuant to which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has granted rights to end users to access and use the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s products, technologies or services), or which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) ground leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries are located; (x) Liens on securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Permitted Investments or any Investment permitted under Section 6.1 arising out of such repurchase transactions and reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to pooling, commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm and not for speculative purposes; (y) Liens securing obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments permitted under Section 6.3(b)(v), (vi), (viii), or (xxvii); (z) Liens arising (i) out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale or purchase of any asset in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or (ii) by operation of law under Article 2 of the UCC (or any similar Requirements of Law under any jurisdiction); (aa) Liens (other than, if granted in favor of any Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor, Liens on the Collateral ranking on an equal or senior priority basis to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations) securing Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary and not prohibited to be incurred in accordance with Section 6.3; (bb) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; (cc) (i) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and the proceeds thereof securing the relevant Person s accounts payable or other obligations in respect of documentary or trade letters of credit or banker s acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods, (ii) Liens on bills of lading, drafts or other documents of title arising by operation of law or pursuant to standard terms of agreements relating to letters of credit, bank guarantees and other similar instruments and (iii) receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory and proceeds thereof; (dd) Liens securing obligations of the type described in Section 6.3(b)(vii) and/or (xix); 64 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (ee) (i) Liens on Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (ii) Liens on Equity Interests of joint ventures securing capital contributions to, or Indebtedness or other obligations of, such joint ventures, (iii) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Equity Interests of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement and (iv) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries; (ff) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, satisfaction, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness; (gg) Liens consisting of the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (hh) Liens disclosed in any mortgage policy or survey with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset and any replacement, extension or renewal thereof; (ii) Liens on receivables and related assets incurred in connection with Permitted Receivables Financings; (jj) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC (or any comparable or successor provision) on the items in the course of collection and (ii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution or electronic payment service provider arising as a matter of law or under general terms and conditions encumbering deposits (including the right of setoff) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking or finance industry; (kk) security given to a public utility or any municipality or governmental authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with the operations of such Person in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (ll) Liens securing Indebtedness incurred in reliance on Section 6.3(b)(xxxix); (mm) other Liens on assets securing Indebtedness; provided that, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness then outstanding and secured thereby shall not exceed an amount such that (I) in the case of any such Liens on Collateral (including the FLNG2 Collateral) that have Equal Lien Priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio does not exceed 2.65 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction), calculated on a pro forma basis, (II) in the case of any such Liens on Collateral (excluding the FLNG2 Collateral) that have Equal Lien Priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio does not exceed 2.90 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction), calculated on a pro forma basis, (III) in the case of any such Liens secured by the Collateral that have Junior Lien Priority relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio does not exceed 4.70 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction), calculated on a pro forma basis and (IV) in the case of any such Indebtedness that is secured by assets that do not constitute Collateral (assuming, for purposes of this clause (III) and future ratio calculations for so long as such Indebtedness remains outstanding, that such assets constitute Collateral), the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio does not exceed 4.85 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, 65 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Investment or other similar transaction), calculated on a pro forma basis; provided that, if such Liens are consensual Liens that are secured by the Collateral, then the holders of the Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby (or a representative or trustee on their behalf) shall enter into an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, providing that the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing such Indebtedness or other obligations shall rank, at the option of the Borrower, either equal in priority (but without regard to the control of remedies) with, or junior to, the Liens on the Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) securing the Secured Notes Obligations but, in any event, shall not be required to enter into any such intercreditor agreement with respect to any Collateral consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents; and provided, further, that the amount of Indebtedness that may be secured by Liens pursuant to the foregoing by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, together with any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, shall not exceed, in the aggregate, 485.0 million and 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to the date on which such Indebtedness is incurred; (nn) agreements to subordinate any interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any accounts receivable or other proceeds arising from inventory consigned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (oo) Liens relating to future escrow arrangements securing Indebtedness, including (i) Liens on escrowed proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness for the benefit of the related holders of debt securities or other Indebtedness (or the underwriters, arrangers, trustee or collateral agent thereof) and (ii) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents set aside at the time of the incurrence of any Indebtedness, in either case to the extent such cash or Cash Equivalents prefund the payment of interest or premium or discount on such Indebtedness (or any costs related to the issuance or incurrence of such Indebtedness) and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose; (pp) Liens securing the 2025 Notes (other than any 2025 Additional Notes issued after the Closing Date) and the related 2025 Note Guarantees; (qq) Liens securing the 2026 Notes (other than any 2026 Additional Notes issued after the Closing Date) and the related 2026 Note Guarantees; (rr) Liens with respect to any vessel for maritime torts with respect to damage resulting from allisions, collisions, cargo damage, property damage, conversion (wrongful possession), pollution, personal injury and death, maintenance and cure, and unseaworthiness, in each case, that are covered by insurance (subject to reasonable deductibles); (ss) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary arising from vessel chartering, drydocking, maintenance, repair, refurbishment, the furnishing of supplies and bunkers to vessels or masters , officers or crews wages and maritime Liens, that, in the case of each of the foregoing, were not incurred or created to secure the payment of Indebtedness and that in the aggregate do not materially adversely affect the value of the properties subject to such Liens or materially impair the use for the purposes of which such properties are held by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (tt) Liens securing the 2029 Notes (other than any 2029 Additional Notes issued after the Closing Date) and the related 2029 Note Guarantees; and 66 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (uu) Liens on the interconnection pipeline at the import terminal at Altamira, Mexico securing Indebtedness to finance other natural gas liquefaction assets that use such interconnection pipeline. For purposes of this definition, the term Indebtedness shall be deemed to include interest on such Indebtedness. Permitted Receivables Financing : any Receivables Financing of a Receivables Subsidiary that meets the following conditions: (a) the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such Receivables Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (b) all sales of accounts receivable and related assets by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Receivables Subsidiary are made at Fair Market Value; and (c) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof shall be market terms at the time the Receivables Financing is first introduced (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and may include Standard Securitization Undertakings. Person : any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, governmental authority or any other entity. Pioneer II Rig : the jack-up rig, forming part of the natural gas liquefaction facility referred to by the Borrower as FLNG1 , on which rig is located the natural gas liquefaction unit. Platform : as defined in Section 5.2(d). Post-Closing Actions : as defined in Section 5.12. Preferred Stock : any Capital Stock with preferential rights of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up. Prime Rate : the rate that the Administrative Agent announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time. Principal Office : the Administrative Agent s Principal Office as set forth in Section 9.2, or such other office or office of a third party or subagent, as appropriate, as the Administrative Agent may from time to time designate in writing to the Borrower and each Lender. Private Side Information : as defined in Section 5.2. pro forma basis or pro forma effect : with respect to any determination of the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets (including component definitions thereof) or any other calculation under this Agreement, that each Subject Transaction required to be calculated on a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.7 shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets, as of the last day of such Test Period) with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which such calculation is being made and that: (a) (i) in the case of (A) any disposition of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary or any division, facility, business line and/or product line of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (B) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted 67 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Subsidiary, income statement items (whether positive or negative and including any Run Rate Benefits related thereto) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made and (ii) in the case of any acquisition, Investment and/or designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary described in the definition of the term Subject Transaction , income statement items (whether positive or negative and including any Run Rate Benefits related thereto) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Subject Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made; it being understood that any pro forma adjustment described in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA may be applied to any such ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement solely to the extent that such adjustment is consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA , (b) any retirement, refinancing, prepayment or repayment of Indebtedness (other than normal fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes) shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made, (c) any Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement for which the relevant determination is being made; provided that, (i) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (ii) interest on any obligation with respect to any Financing Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by an officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP, (iii) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a Eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Borrower and (iv) interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period or, if lower, the maximum commitments under such revolving credit facility as of the applicable date of determination, and (d) the acquisition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets, whether pursuant to any Subject Transaction or any Person becoming a Subsidiary or merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or the disposition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets described in the definition of Subject Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the last day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test, covenant or calculation for which such calculation is being made. Pro Rata Share : with respect to any Lender, a percentage (x) the numerator of which shall be the sum of such Lender s unused Commitment and Term Loans and (y) the denominator of which shall be the sum of the undrawn Aggregate Commitment and the aggregate Term Loans of all Lenders. After all the Commitments have terminated or expired, Pro Rata Share shall be obtained by dividing (a) the Outstanding Amount of such Lender Loan s at such time by (b) the Total Outstandings at such time. Project : the design, engineering, development, acquisition, ownership, occupation, construction, installation, operation and maintenance of a 1.4 million metric tonnes per annum liquefaction train and 68 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW related infrastructure, including an interconnection pipeline onshore at the site of the existing import terminal at Altamira, Mexico referred to by the Borrower as FLNG2 (and activities ancillary to or in connection with the foregoing, including, without limitation, the purchase, transportation and sale of gas and the production, storage and sale of LNG). The Project shall be 100 owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower and 100 directly owned by NFE FLNG2 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or any of NFE FLNG2 LLC direct or indirect Subsidiaries that is a FLNG2 Subsidiary. Project Costs : (a) costs paid or payable by the Borrower and the Guarantors associated with the development, design, engineering, site acquisition and preparation, permitting, construction, installation, procurement and purchase of equipment, materials and natural gas (for testing or operations) in connection with the Project including transportation costs, financing costs, spare parts, labor, interconnection, commissioning, testing and start-up of the Project, (b) transaction costs, fees and expenses in connection with the closing of the Term Loans on the Closing Date on or prior to the Closing Date, (c) interest and fees on the Term Loans that accrue up to and including the Completion Date, (d) all operation and maintenance expenses (including labor) of the Project up to and including the Completion Date and (e) the funding of the Debt Service Reserve Account on the Completion Date in accordance with Section 5.14. Project Costs Reserve Accounts : as defined in Section 6.12. Project Leasehold or Concession : each material real property leasehold or concession owned by an FLNG2 Subsidiary necessary for the Project. Property : any right or interest in or to property of any kind whatsoever, whether real or immovable, personal or moveable or mixed and whether tangible or intangible, corporeal or incorporeal, including Equity Interests. Prudent Industry Practice means, at a particular time, any of the practices, methods, standards and procedures (including those engaged in or approved by a material portion of the LNG industry) that, at that time, in the exercise of reasonable judgment in light of the facts known at the time a decision was made, could reasonably have been expected to accomplish the desired result consistent with good, safe and prudent business practices, including due consideration of the Project s reliability, environmental compliance, economy, safety and expedition, and which practices, methods, standards and acts generally conform to International LNG Terminal Standards and International LNG Vessel Standards. Public Lenders : Lenders that do not wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or their securities. QFC : has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). Qualified Capital Stock : of any Person means any Equity Interests of such Person that is not Disqualified Stock. Qualified Liquefaction Development Entities : (i) Bradford County Real Estate Holdings LLC, (ii) any Liquefaction Development Entity which is designated by the Borrower as a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity and (iii) any Subsidiary of a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity; provided that, for purposes of the Loan Documents, in no circumstances shall any FLNG2 Subsidiary be a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity. 69 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Reasonable and Prudent Operator means a Person exercising that degree of skill, diligence, prudence, and foresight which would reasonably and ordinarily be expected from a skilled and experienced operator complying with all applicable Laws and engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same or similar circumstances and conditions. Receivables Fees : distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, any Receivables Financing. Receivables Financing : any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, contribute, convey or otherwise transfer to (a) a Receivables Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), and (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable and any Hedge Agreements entered into by the Borrower or any such Subsidiary in connection with such accounts receivable. Receivables Repurchase Obligation : any obligation of a seller of receivables in a Permitted Receivables Financing to repurchase receivables arising as a result of a breach of a representation, warranty or covenant or otherwise, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. Receivables Subsidiary : a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Permitted Receivables Financing with the Borrower in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower makes an Investment and to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower transfers accounts receivable and related assets) which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower and all proceeds thereof and all rights (contractual or other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Receivables Subsidiary and: (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, or (iii) subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings; (b) with which neither the Borrower nor any other Subsidiary of the Borrower has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the 70 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Borrower reasonably believes to be no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower; and (c) to which neither the Borrower nor any other Subsidiary of the Borrower has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Recipient : (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender or (c) the Arranger, as applicable. Recovery Event : any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim (excluding the proceeds of business interruption insurance and any proceeds of property or casualty insurance which are paid directly to, or paid upon receipt by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries to, a third party loss payee) or any condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of Borrower or its Subsidiaries. Refinance Conditions means, with respect to the 2025 Notes or the 2026 Notes, any of the following: (a) such series of Existing Notes have been repurchased (and cancelled), redeemed, defeased, satisfied or otherwise discharged in full such that there is no Indebtedness outstanding with respect thereto (other than contingent indemnification obligations which survive repayment and for which no underlying claim has been asserted); (b) such series of Existing Notes have been refinanced with (or exchanged for) Indebtedness with a final maturity date falling no earlier than 61 days after the Stated Maturity Date or (c) the maturity date with respect to such series of Existing Notes has been extended to a date falling no earlier than 61 days after the Stated Maturity Date. Refinancing Indebtedness : as defined in Section 6.3(b)(xvii). Refunding Capital Stock : as defined in Section 6.1(b)(viii). Register : as defined in Section 2.4(b). Regulated Bank : any insured depository institution that is regulated by foreign, federal or state banking regulators, including the United States Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Board. Regulation D : Regulation D of the Board as in effect from time to time. Regulation T : Regulation T of the Board as in effect from time to time. Reinvested Assets : any assets into which the proceeds from a Recovery Event or Extraordinary MPD Payment relating to any FLNG2 Collateral (including other Reinvested Assets) have been reinvested or assets which have been acquired using such proceeds, in each case pursuant to the definition of Net Proceeds. Related Business Assets : assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in a Similar Business; provided that any assets received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be Related Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the securities of such Person, such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary. Related Fund : with respect to any Lender, any fund that (x) invests in commercial loans and (y) is managed or advised by the same investment advisor as such Lender, by such Lender or an affiliate of such Lender. 71 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Related Parties : with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Release : any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, disposing, depositing, dispersing, emanating or migrating of any Hazardous Material in, into, onto or through the Environment, or from, into or through any structure or facility. Relevant Governmental Body : the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Relevant Transaction : as defined in Section 2.10(b)(ii). Repeated Representations : collectively, the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Sections 3.1 through 3.7, Section 3.9, Sections 3.11 through 3.17, Section 3.19, Sections 3.21 through 3.23, Section 3.24(b) and (c), Section 3.25 and Section 3.29. Replacement Lender : as defined in Section 2.19. Replacement Material Project Document : in respect of any Material Project Document, one or more binding replacement Contractual Obligations that (i) (a) are on terms and conditions (taken as a whole) that are substantially similar to in all material respects, or more favorable to the applicable FLNG2 Subsidiary than, the terms and conditions (taken as a whole) of the Material Project Document being replaced, and (b) is with a counterparty that is as creditworthy (measured as of the date that such counterparty enters into such Replacement Material Project Document) as the Material Project Counterparty under the Material Project Document being replaced (measured as of the date that such Material Project Counterparty entered into the Material Project Document being replaced) or (ii) are otherwise on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable, and with a counterparty of credit reasonably acceptable, to the Administrative Agent (who may consult with the Independent Engineer). Reportable Event : any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to which the notice requirement is waived. Required Class Lenders : as of any date of determination, with respect to any Facility, Lenders having more than 50 of the Commitments or Loans under such Facility or, if the Commitment of each Lender under such Facility to make Loans has been terminated, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50 of the Total Outstandings. under such Facility. Required Lenders : as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50 of the Commitments and Loans or, if the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans has been terminated, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50 of the Total Outstandings. plus (x) with respect to any waiver of all provisions in Section 5 and Section 6, each other Lender and (y) with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver of Section 9.20 as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date to the extent such amendment, modification or waiver would permit the release of Collateral or of any Subsidiary from a Guarantee, each other Lender. Required Permits : as defined in Section 3.21 or any other Permit that the Required Lenders and the Borrower agree in writing is to be designated as a Required Permit . 72 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Requirements of Law : with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any governmental authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer : with respect to any Loan Party, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller, secretary, assistant secretary, board member or manager of such Loan Party, or any other authorized officer or signatory of such Loan Party reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Restoration Action : in respect of a Recovery Event related to FLNG2 Affected Property, any action taken or intended to be taken by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries to rebuild, repair, replace or otherwise restore such FLNG2 Affected Property or any portion thereof, and all activities incidental and reasonably necessary for such matters, including redesigning and altering to the extent necessary, in order to permit construction and operation of the Project. Restoration Notice : a written notice of the Borrower certifying that the Borrower or an FLNG2 Subsidiary intends to take certain Restoration Actions in connection with the related Recovery Event in respect of FLNG2 Affected Property and that, as of the date of delivery of such Restoration Notice, the Borrower reasonably believes sufficient funds are or will be available to it or the applicable FLNG2 Subsidiary such that such Restoration Action can be completed with funds available to it or the applicable FLNG2 Subsidiary. Restoration Plan : in respect of a Recovery Event related to FLNG2 Affected Property, a reasonably detailed plan describing the proposed plan, time schedule, contractual arrangements, and projected capital expenses for any action taken or intended to be taken by or on behalf of the Borrower or any FLNG2 Subsidiary to rebuild, repair, replace, or otherwise restore such FLNG2 Affected Property or any portion thereof, and all activities incidental and reasonably necessary for such matters, including redesigning and altering to the extent necessary, in order to permit construction and operation of the Project. Restricted Debt Payments : as defined in Section 6.1(a). Restricted Investment : an Investment other than a Permitted Investment. Restricted Payments : as defined in Section 6.1(a). Restricted Subsidiary : at any time, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Person (including any Foreign Subsidiary) that is not then an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Upon the occurrence of an Unrestricted Subsidiary ceasing to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall be a Restricted Subsidiary . Unless the context otherwise requires, any references to Restricted Subsidiary refer to a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower. 73 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Return : with respect to any Investment, any dividend, distribution, interest, fee, premium, return of capital, repayment of principal, income, profit (from a disposition or otherwise) and any other similar amount received or realized in respect thereof. Revolving Credit Agreement : that certain credit agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, among the Borrower, as borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent and as collateral agent. S P : S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc., or any of its successors or assigns that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act. Sale and Lease-Back Transaction : any transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (a) sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of any property, real or personal, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and (b) as part of such transaction, thereafter rents or leases such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold, transferred or disposed of. Sanctioned Country : a country, region, or territory that is the subject of comprehensive territorial Sanctions, at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic. Sanctions : as defined in Section 3.22(c). SEC : the Securities and Exchange Commission (or successors thereto or an analogous Governmental Authority). Secured Indebtedness : any Indebtedness secured by a Lien. Secured Notes Obligations : collectively, the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations, the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations and the 2029 Secured Notes Obligations. Secured Parties : a collective reference to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders. Securities Act : the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Security Agreement : that certain Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Collateral Agent. Security Documents : the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, the Ship Mortgages (if any) and any other security agreements relating to the Collateral securing the Obligations and the mortgages and instruments filed and recorded in appropriate jurisdictions to preserve and protect the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations (including financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of the relevant states), each for the benefit of the Collateral Agent. Senior Indebtedness : (a) all Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement, the TLB Credit Agreement, the LC Facility, the Existing Notes and 74 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW related Existing Note Guarantees (including in each case interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding or for reorganization of the Borrower or any Guarantor (at the rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, regardless of whether or not a claim for post- filing interest is allowed in such proceedings)), and any and all other fees, expense reimbursement obligations, indemnification amounts, penalties, and other amounts (whether existing on the Closing Date or thereafter created or incurred) and all obligations of the Borrower or any Guarantor to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under letters of credit, acceptances or other similar instruments; (b) the Obligations, and all (i) Hedging Obligations (and guarantees thereof) and (ii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Guarantor in respect of Banking Services (and guarantees thereof); provided that such Hedging Obligations and Indebtedness, as the case may be, are permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement; (c) any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Agreement, unless the instrument under which such Indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations; and (d) all obligations with respect to the items listed in the preceding clauses (a), (b) and (c); provided, however, that Senior Indebtedness shall not include: (i) any obligation of such Person to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any liability for U.S. or foreign federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing by such Person; (iii) any accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) any Indebtedness or other obligation of such Person which is subordinate or junior in right of payment to any other Indebtedness or other obligation of such Person; or (v) that portion of any Indebtedness which at the time of incurrence is incurred in violation of this Agreement. Senior Lien Priority : with respect to specified Indebtedness, that such Indebtedness is secured by a Lien that is senior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Junior Priority Obligations, including the Liens securing the Equal Priority Obligations, and is subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement. Senior Priority Obligations : (x) the Equal Priority Obligations and (y) any obligations with respect to any Indebtedness having a Junior Lien Priority relative to the Obligations with respect to the Collateral and having Senior Lien Priority relative to the Junior Priority Obligations; provided, that the holders of such Indebtedness or their Senior Priority Representative shall become party to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and any other applicable intercreditor agreements. 75 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Senior Priority Representative : any duly authorized representative of any holders of Senior Priority Obligations, which representative is named as such in a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or any joinder thereto. Series : (1) with respect to the Equal Priority Secured Parties, each of (i) the 2025 Secured Notes Secured Parties (in their capacity as such), (ii) the 2026 Secured Notes Secured Parties (in their capacity as such), (iii) the 2029 Secured Notes Secured Parties (in their capacity as such), (iv) the secured parties under the Revolving Credit Agreement, (v) the secured parties under the TLB Credit Agreement and (vi) the Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties that are represented by a common representative (in its capacity as such for such Additional Equal Priority Secured Parties) and (2) with respect to any Equal Priority Obligations, each of (i) the 2025 Secured Notes Obligations, (ii) the 2026 Secured Notes Obligations, (iii) the 2029 Secured Notes Obligations, (iv) the obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement, (v) the obligations under the TLB Credit Agreement and (vi) the Additional Equal Priority Obligations incurred pursuant to any applicable agreement, which are to be represented under the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement by a common representative (in its capacity as such for such Additional Equal Priority Obligations). Shared Collateral : at any time, Collateral in which the holders of two or more Series of Equal Priority Obligations hold a valid and perfected security interest at such time. If more than two Series of Equal Priority Obligations are outstanding at any time and the holders of less than all Series of Equal Priority Obligations hold a valid and perfected security interest in any Collateral at such time, then such Collateral shall constitute Shared Collateral for those Series of Equal Priority Obligations that hold a valid security interest in such Collateral at such time and shall not constitute Shared Collateral for any Series that does not have a valid and perfected security interest in such Collateral at such time. Ship Mortgage : any mortgage, deed of trust or other similar agreement made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Common Representative, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties, on any tanker or other marine vessel constituting Collateral, which shall be in form reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. Significant Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Closing Date; provided that, solely for purposes of Section 7.1(a)(7), each Restricted Subsidiary forming part of a group is subject to an Event of Default under such clause. Similar Business : any business conducted, engaged in or proposed to be conducted by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business that is similar, incidental, complementary, ancillary, supportive, synergetic or reasonably related businesses or reasonable extensions thereof (and non-core incidental businesses acquired in connection with any acquisition or Investment or other immaterial businesses). Social Laws : the social impact assessments and authorizations required by the Mexico Safety, Energy and Environment Agency (ASEA). SOFR : with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 2:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SOFR Administrator : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 76 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW SOFR Administrator s Website : the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SOFR Borrowing : as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. SOFR Loan a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate . Solvent : with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will exceed the debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, respectively; (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, respectively, on their debts and other liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (c) such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (d) such Person and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged as such businesses are conducted on such date. SPC : as defined in Section 9.6(o). Specified Asset Sales : the sale of any of the following assets of the Borrower or a Subsidiary: (i) the modular floating or on-shore natural gas liquefaction assets, referred to by the Borrower as Fast LNG or FLNG Projects 3-5, (ii) the LNG terminal and power plant located in Par , Brazil; (iii) the LNG terminal located on the southern coast of Brazil, (iv) the 100MW gas-fired modular power units at the Port of Pichilingue in Baja California Sur, Mexico, and (v) the liquefaction facility in Miami, Florida; provided that for the avoidance of doubt the FLNG2 Collateral shall not be subject to any Specified Asset Sale. Specified Hedge Agreement : as defined in clause (i) of the definition of Indebtedness. Specified Representations : those representations and warranties made in Sections 3.3(a), 3.3(d), 3.4(a), 3.4(b), 3.4(d), 3.14, 3.19 (subject to customary limitations on the perfection of Liens on the Collateral in financing commitments obtained in connection with Limited Condition Transactions), 3.20 and 3.22. Specified Transaction : (a) the transactions contemplated hereby, (b) any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (c) any designation of a Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (d) any Permitted Investment, (e) any Asset Sale that results in a Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower and any Disposition of a business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise and (f) any issuance, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility or line of credit in the ordinary course of business), any re-classification of Indebtedness permitted hereunder, and any Restricted Payment. Standard Securitization Undertakings : representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and guarantees of performance entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower which the 77 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Borrower has determined in good faith to be customary in a Receivables Financing including those relating to the servicing of the assets of a Receivables Subsidiary, it being understood that any Receivables Repurchase Obligation shall be deemed to be a Standard Securitization Undertaking. Stated Maturity Date : as defined in the definition of Maturity Date . Subject Lien : as defined in Section 6.6(a). Subject Transaction : with respect to any Test Period, (a) the Transactions, (b) any acquisition, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or the Capital Stock of any Person (and, in any event, including any Investment in (i) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture), in each case that is not prohibited by this Agreement, (c) any disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Capital Stock of any Subsidiary (or any facility, business unit, line of business, product line or division of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) not prohibited by this Agreement, (d) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement, (e) any incurrence or prepayment, repayment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or refinancing of Indebtedness, (f) the implementation of any Run Rate Initiative, (g) any tax restructuring, (h) [Reserved], (i) the entry into any Customer Contract and/or (j) any other event that by the terms of this Agreement requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a pro forma basis. Subordinated Indebtedness : (a) with respect to the Borrower, any Indebtedness of the Borrower which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, and (b) with respect to any Guarantor, any Indebtedness of such Guarantor which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of such Guarantor. Subsidiary : with respect to any Person: (1) any corporation, association, or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity) of which more than 50.0 of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; and (2) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of which (a) more than 50.0 of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or otherwise, and (b) such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity. For the avoidance of doubt, any entity that is owned at a 50.0 or less level (as described above) shall not be a Subsidiary for any purpose under the Loan Documents, regardless of whether such entity 78 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW is consolidated on the Borrower s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries financial statements. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. Successor Company : as defined in Section 6.9(a)(i). Successor Guarantor : as defined in Section 6.9(c)(i). Super Priority Obligations : collectively, (1) the obligations incurred pursuant to the Revolving Credit Agreement, (2) the Obligations; (3) the obligations incurred pursuant to the LC Facility; (4) the obligations incurred under the TLB Credit Agreement and (5) any other obligations which, in each case and in accordance with the Loan Documents, are secured on a first lien pari passu basis with the foregoing, including on the FLNG2 Collateral. Taxes : all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Loan : any Initial Term Loan or Extended Term Loan, as the context may require. Term Loan Extension Request : has the meaning provided in Section 2.21(a). Term Loan Extension Series : has the meaning provided in Section 2.21(a). Term SOFR : (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities 79 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Administrator : CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate : the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Terminated Lender : as defined in Section 2.19. Termination Conditions : collectively, (a) the payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than Unasserted Contingent Obligations) and (b) the expiration or termination of the Commitments. Test Period : for any date of determination under this Agreement, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.1. TLB Credit Agreement : that certain credit agreement, dated as of October 30, 2023, among the Borrower, as borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and as collateral agent. Total Capital : in respect of any date, the sum of (a) the outstanding amounts of Term Loans on such date (assuming the Term Loans were incurred by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) and (b) the aggregate amount of cash which shall have been received by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries on or prior to such date as common equity contributions minus any dividends, payments or distributions made by any FLNG2 Subsidiary to any Person other than to another FLNG2 Subsidiary on account of any FLNG2 Subsidiary s Equity Interests. Total Outstandings : the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans of all Lenders. Trade Secrets : any trade secrets or other proprietary and confidential information, including unpatented inventions, invention disclosures, engineering or other technical data, financial data, procedures, know-how, designs, personal information, supplier lists, customer lists, business, production or marketing plans, formulae, methods (whether or not patentable), processes, compositions, schematics, ideas, algorithms, techniques, analyses, proposals, software (to the extent not a copyright) and data collections. Transaction Costs : fees, premiums, expenses, closing payments and other similar transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by the Borrower and/or the Guarantors in connection with the Transactions. Transactions : (a) the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the Borrowings hereunder, (b) the establishment of the Debt Service Reserve Account and the funding of the Debt Service Reserve Amount therein on the Completion Date, (c) the Project (and the required equity contributions of the Borrower pursuant to Sections 4.2 and 4.3 hereof) and (d) and the payment of Transaction Costs. Transferee : as defined in Section 9.14. Treasury Capital Stock : as defined in Section 6.1(b)(viii). 80 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Type : when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to Term SOFR or the Base Rate. UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement : the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unasserted Contingent Obligations : at any time, Obligations for taxes, costs, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities (excluding Obligations in respect of the principal of, and interest and premium (if any) on, any Obligation) in respect of which no assertion of liability and no claim or demand for payment has been made (and, in the case of Obligations for indemnification, no notice for indemnification has been issued by the indemnitee at such time). Undrawn Commitment Fees : as defined in Section 2.8(b). Uniform Commercial Code or UCC : the Uniform Commercial Code (or any similar or equivalent legislation) as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. Unrestricted Subsidiary : (1) any Subsidiary of the Borrower which at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by the Borrower, as provided below); (2) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and (3) as of the Closing Date, NFE South Power Holdings Limited and each of its Subsidiaries, and NFE South Power Buyback Holdings Limited. The Borrower may designate (or redesignate) any Subsidiary of the Borrower (including any existing Subsidiary and any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary, but other than any FLNG2 Subsidiary) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that: (a) immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (including after giving effect to the reclassification of Investments in, Indebtedness of and Liens on the assets of, the applicable Restricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary); and (b) as of the date of the designation thereof, no Unrestricted Subsidiary shall own any Capital Stock in any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower or hold any Indebtedness of or any Lien on any property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; and 81 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (c) as of the date of the designation thereof, such Unrestricted Subsidiary is not a restricted subsidiary for purposes of any Existing Indenture or any other agreement governing any other Equal Priority Obligations. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary) therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the portion of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Subsidiary attributable to the Borrower s (or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary s) equity interest therein as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith (and such designation shall only be permitted to the extent such Investment is permitted under Section 6.1). The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (i) the making, incurrence or granting, as applicable, at the time of designation of any then-existing Investment, Indebtedness or Lien of such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable and (ii) a Return on any Investment by the Borrower in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value at the date of such designation of the Borrower s or its Restricted Subsidiary s Investment in such Subsidiary. On and after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall not designate (or redesignate) any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary will be party to the 2024 Financing Transactions and the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, contribute any Brazilian Assets to any Unrestricted Subsidiary other than in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions provided that the Borrower complies with Section 5.10(g) with respect to granting a junior- priority lien on the Brazilian Assets to secure the Obligations. Any such designation by the Borrower shall be notified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent by promptly providing an Officer s Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. No Unrestricted Subsidiary shall receive proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole. U.S. Government Securities Business Day : any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate : as defined in Section 2.17(g). Voting Stock : of any Person, as of any date, means shares of such Person s Capital Stock that are at the time generally entitled, without regard to contingencies, to vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. Weighted Average Life to Maturity : when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment (it being understood that the Weighted Average Life to Maturity shall be determined without giving effect to any change in installment or other required payments of principal resulting from prepayments following the incurrence of such Indebtedness); by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 82 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary : any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary. Wholly-Owned Subsidiary : of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100.0 of the outstanding Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares and/or shares required by Requirements of Law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall at the time be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. Write-Down and Conversion Powers : (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Section 1.2 Other Definitional Provisions; Rules of Construction. (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. (b) The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Provisions apply to successive events and transactions. (c) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms; or is not exclusive. (d) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, references to agreements or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended, restated, amended and restated, replaced, refinanced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, replacements, refinancings, supplements or other modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document). Any reference to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such Law and any reference to any Law shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such Law as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. (e) The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. (f) Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s permitted successors and assigns. 83 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (g) Unless otherwise specifically indicated, the term consolidated with respect to any Person refers to such Person on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding from such consolidation any Unrestricted Subsidiary of such Person as if such Unrestricted Subsidiary were not an Affiliate of such Person. (h) The Administrative Agent does not warrant nor accept any responsibility nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to (i) any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (ii) the administration, submission or any matter relating to the rates in the definition of Benchmark or with respect to any rate that is an alternative, comparable or successor rate thereto or (iii) the effect of any of the foregoing. Section 1.3 Accounting Terms and Principles. (a) Generally. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all accounting or financial terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all computations and determinations as to accounting or financial matters and all financial statements and other financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations, and principles of consolidation, where appropriate) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, as in effect from time to time, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. (b) Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Section 1.4 Timing of Payment or Performance. When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period and in the definition of Maturity Date or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day. Section 1.5 Currency Equivalents Generally. (a) For purposes of determining compliance with Sections 6.1, 6.3 and 6.6 with respect to any amount of Indebtedness or Investment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is incurred (so long as such Indebtedness or Investment, at the time incurred, made or acquired, was permitted hereunder). (b) For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, where the permissibility of a transaction or determination of required actions or circumstances depend upon compliance with, or are determined by reference to, amounts stated in Dollars, any requisite currency translation shall be based on the exchange rate in effect on the Business Day immediately preceding the 84 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW date of such transaction or determination and shall not be affected by subsequent fluctuations in exchange rates. Section 1.6 Limited Condition Transactions. (a) In connection with any action being taken solely in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of: (i) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement that requires the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio or Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio; (ii) determining whether a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (or any subset of Defaults or Events of Default); or (iii) testing availability under baskets, ratios or financial metrics under this Agreement (including those measured as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA, Fixed Charges or Consolidated Total Assets or by reference to clause (2) of Section 6.1(a)); in each case, at the option of the Borrower, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any successor entity of any of the foregoing (including a third party) (the Testing Party , and the election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election ), with such option to be exercised on or prior to the date of execution of the definitive agreements, submission of notice or the making of a definitive declaration, as applicable, with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction, the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted under this Agreement, shall be deemed to be (a) the date the definitive agreements (or, if applicable, a binding offer or launch of a certain funds tender offer), notice (which may be conditional) or declaration with respect to such Limited Condition Transaction are entered into, provided or made, as applicable, or the date that an Officer s Certificate is given with respect to the designation of a Subsidiary as restricted or unrestricted, or (b) with respect to sales in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers applies (or similar law or practice in other jurisdictions), the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intent to make an offer or similar announcement or determination in another jurisdiction subject to laws similar to the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (as applicable, the LCT Test Date is made, and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any acquisitions or Investments) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.1 ending prior to the LCT Test Date, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCT Test Date in compliance with such ratio, basket or financial metric, such ratio, basket or financial metric shall be deemed to have been complied with. (b) For the avoidance of doubt, if the Testing Party has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, baskets or financial metrics for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date are exceeded or not complied with as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, basket or financial metrics, including due to fluctuations in Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower, the target company or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such ratios, baskets or financial metrics will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations and such baskets, ratios or financial metrics shall not be tested at the consummation of the Limited Condition Transaction except as contemplated in clause (a) of the immediately succeeding proviso; provided, however, that (a) if financial statements for one or more subsequent fiscal quarters shall have become available, the Testing Party may 85 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW elect, in its sole discretion, to redetermine all such baskets, ratios and financial metrics on the basis of such financial statements, in which case such date of redetermination shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date, (b) if any ratios or financial metrics improve or baskets increase as a result of such fluctuations, such improved ratios, financial metrics or baskets may be utilized and (c) Fixed Charges with respect to any Indebtedness expected to be incurred in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction will, for purposes of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, be calculated using an assumed interest rate based on the available documentation therefor, as determined by the Testing Party in good faith (or, if no such documentation is available, using an assumed interest rate as reasonably determined by the Testing Party in good faith). If the Testing Party has made an LCT Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then, in connection with any subsequent calculation of the ratios, baskets or financial metrics on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or (ii) the date that the definitive agreement, notice or declaration for such Limited Condition Transaction is abandoned, terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio, basket or financial metric shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Testing Party has exercised its option pursuant to the foregoing and any Default or Event of Default occurs following the LCT Test Date (including any new LCT Test Date) for the applicable Limited Condition Transaction and prior to or on the date of the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such Default or Event of Default shall be deemed not to have occurred or be continuing for purposes of determining whether any action being taken in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted under this Agreement. Section 1.7 Certain Compliance Determinations. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but subject to Section 1.6 and clauses (b) and (c) of this Section 1.7, all financial ratios, tests, covenants, calculations and measurements (including Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense, Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated EBITDA, any Fixed Amount or any Incurrence-Based Amount) contained in this Agreement that are calculated with respect to any period during which any Subject Transaction occurs shall be calculated with respect to such period and each such Subject Transaction on a pro forma basis and may be determined with reference to the financial statements of a parent company of the Borrower instead, so long as such parent company does not hold any material assets other than, directly or indirectly, the Equity Interests of the Borrower (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or senior management of the Borrower (or any parent company of the Borrower)). Further, if, since the beginning of any such period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement (i) any Subject Transaction has occurred or (ii) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any joint venture since the beginning of such period has consummated any Subject Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement shall be calculated on a pro forma basis for such period as if such Subject Transaction (including, without duplication of any amounts otherwise reflected in Consolidated EBITDA for the applicable Test Period, any Run Rate Benefits and the run rate income described, and calculated as set forth, in clause (e)(i) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA) had occurred at the beginning of the applicable period. (b) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or 86 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement (including Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense, Fixed Charges, Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA), such Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement shall be calculated at the time such action is taken (subject to Section 1.6), such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such Fixed Amounts, Incurrence-Based Amounts or financial ratio, test, covenant, calculation or measurement occurring after the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be. (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, with respect to any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement (including any covenant), including in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, and/or Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) (any such amounts, the Fixed Amounts substantially concurrently (or in connection with the same Limited Condition Transaction) with any amounts incurred or transactions entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that requires compliance with a financial ratio or test (including Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio and/or Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) (any such amounts, the Incurrence-Based Amounts ), it is understood and agreed that the Fixed Amounts shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio or test applicable to the Incurrence-Based Amounts. (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) is incurred or issued, any Lien is incurred or other transaction is undertaken in reliance on an Incurrence-Based Amount, such Incurrence-Based Amount shall be calculated without regard to the incurrence of any Indebtedness under any revolving facility or letter of credit facility (i) immediately prior to or in connection therewith or (ii) used to finance working capital needs of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as reasonably determined by the Borrower). (e) For purposes of determining compliance at any time with Sections 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5 and 6.6 and the definition of Permitted Investments , in the event that any Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition or Affiliate Transaction, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to Section 6.3, any clause of the definition of Permitted Liens, clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or any clause of Section 6.1(b), any clause of Section 6.2(b), any clause of the definition of Permitted Investment , any clause of the definition of Asset Sale and any dispositions constituting exceptions thereto and any clause under Section 6.5, the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) among baskets within the same covenant (but not across other covenants) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any one category; provided that the reclassification described in this sentence shall be deemed to have occurred automatically with respect to any such transaction or item incurred or made pursuant to a Fixed Amount that later would be permitted on a pro forma basis to be incurred or made pursuant to an Incurrence- Based Amount; provided, further, no reclassification of any Investment may be made with respect to a Permitted Investment in or to an Unrestricted Subsidiary. It is understood and agreed that any Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition and/or Affiliate Transaction need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Indebtedness, Permitted Lien, Restricted 87 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Payment, Permitted Investment, disposition and/or Affiliate Transaction under such sections, respectively, but may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof. (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, so long as an action was taken (or not taken) in reliance upon a basket, ratio or test under this Agreement that was calculated or determined in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower based upon financial information available to such officer at such time and such action (or inaction) was permitted under this Agreement at the time of such calculation or determination, any subsequent restatement, modification or adjustments made to such financial information (including any restatement, modification or adjustment that would have caused such basket, ratio or test to be exceeded as a result of such action or inaction) shall not result in any Default or Event of Default under this Agreement. (g) For purposes of any determination under this Agreement (other than the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action under this Agreement) with respect to the amount of any Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Investment, Asset Sale, Sale and Lease-Back Transaction, Affiliate Transaction or other transaction, event or circumstance, or any determination under any other provision of this Agreement (any of the foregoing, a specified transaction requiring the use of a current exchange rate, (i) the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars of a specified transaction in a currency other than U.S. dollars shall be calculated based on the relevant exchange rate, as may be determined by the Borrower in good faith, for such foreign currency (the Exchange Rate on the date of such determination (which, in the case of any Restricted Payment, shall be deemed to be the date of the declaration thereof and, in the case of the incurrence of Indebtedness, shall be deemed to be on the date first committed); provided, that if any Indebtedness is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to refinance or replace other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, and the relevant refinancing or replacement would cause the applicable U.S. dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency Exchange Rate in effect on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing or replacement Indebtedness (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to repay the principal amount of the Refinanced Indebtedness, except by an amount equal to (x) unpaid accrued interest and premiums (including premiums) thereon plus other reasonable and customary fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such refinancing or replacement, (y) any existing unutilized commitments and letters of credit undrawn thereunder and (z) additional amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 6.3 and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the Exchange Rate occurring after the time of any specified transaction so long as such specified transaction was permitted at the time incurred, made, acquired, committed, entered or declared as set forth in clause (i). For purposes of the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio for purposes of taking any action under this Agreement, on any relevant date of determination, amounts denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars shall be translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable Exchange Rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 (or, prior to the first such delivery, the most recent internally available financial statements), as applicable, for the relevant Test Period and will, with respect to any Indebtedness, reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Hedge Agreement permitted under this Agreement in respect of currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the U.S. dollar equivalent amount of such Indebtedness. (h) For purposes of the calculation of the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness pursuant to 88 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Section 6.3(a), such Person may elect to treat all or any portion of the commitment (such amount elected until revoked as described below, the Elected Amount under any Indebtedness which is to be incurred (or any commitment in respect thereof) or secured by such Lien (whether by the Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries or any third party), as the case may be, as being incurred or secured, as the case may be, as of the date of determination and (i) any subsequent incurrence of such Indebtedness under such commitment that was so treated (so long as the total amount under such Indebtedness does not exceed the Elected Amount) shall not be deemed, for purposes of this calculation, to be an incurrence of additional Indebtedness or an additional Lien at such subsequent time, (ii) such Person may revoke an election of an Elected Amount and (iii) for subsequent calculations of the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio, Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, the Elected Amount (if any) shall be deemed to be outstanding, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding. Section 1.8 Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. Section 1.9 FLNG2 Collateral. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), contribution, dividend or other investment of (i) any assets that constitute FLNG2 Assets or any Reinvested Assets other than Immaterial FLNG2 Maintenance Transactions or (ii) at any time prior to the Completion Date, any Equity Interests in any FLNG2 Subsidiaries, in each case to any entity other than a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor satisfies the requirements of Section 5.10. Prior to the Completion Date, each FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be, directly or indirectly, 100 owned by the Borrower. SECTION 2. LOANS Section 2.1 Loans. (a) Loan Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender with an Initial Term Loan Commitment severally agrees to make Initial Term Loans to the Borrower from time to time on each Initial Term Loan Funding Date prior to the Initial Term Loan Commitment Termination Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed such Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment at such time. All Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Each Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment shall automatically be reduced by the amount of each Initial Term Loan made by such Lender, such reduction to be effective immediately following the making of such Initial Term Loan by such Lender. The Loans are not revolving in nature, and amounts borrowed under this Section 2.1 and repaid may not be reborrowed. The Loans may be SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans, as provided herein. (b) Borrowing Mechanics for Loans. (i) The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Funding Notice no later than 12:00 p.m. (noon) (New York City time) (x) 89 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW on the date of the proposed Borrowing with respect to Base Rate Loans and (y) three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing with respect to SOFR Loans (or such later time as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Promptly upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such Funding Notice, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the proposed borrowing. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Base Rate Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested SOFR Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. (ii) Each Lender shall make its Loan available to the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the applicable Initial Term Loan Funding Date, by wire transfer of same day funds in Dollars, at the principal office designated by Administrative Agent. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent specified herein, the Administrative Agent shall make the proceeds of the Loans available to the Borrower on the applicable Initial Term Loan Funding Date by causing an amount of same day funds in Dollars equal to the proceeds of all such Loans received by the Administrative Agent from Lenders to be credited to the account of the Borrower at the Principal Office designated by the Administrative Agent or to such other account as may be designated in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. (iii) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Borrowing of SOFR Loans, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000; provided that a Borrowing of SOFR Loans that results from a continuation of an outstanding Borrowing of SOFR Loans may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to such outstanding Borrowing. At the time that each Borrowing of Base Rate Loans is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 1,000,000. Section 2.2 Pro Rata Shares; Availability of Funds. (a) Pro Rata Shares. All Loans shall be made by Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their respective Pro Rata Shares, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in such other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby nor shall any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of a default by any other Lender in such other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby. (b) Availability of Funds. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender does not intend to make available to the Administrative Agent the amount of such Lender s share of the Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender, together with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the customary rate set by the Administrative Agent for the correction of errors among banks for three Business Days and thereafter at the Base Rate. If such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s 90 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW demand therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Borrower shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent together with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the rate payable hereunder for Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such duplicative interest paid by the Borrower for such period. In the event that (i) the Administrative Agent declines to make a requested amount available to the Borrower until such time as all applicable Lenders have made payment to the Administrative Agent, (ii) a Lender fails to fund to the Administrative Agent all or any portion of the Loans required to be funded by such Lender hereunder prior to the time specified in this Agreement and (iii) such Lender s failure results in the Administrative Agent failing to make a corresponding amount available to the Borrower on the requested date of the applicable Borrowing, at the Administrative Agent s option, such Lender shall not receive interest hereunder with respect to the requested amount of such Lender s Loans for the period commencing with the time specified in this Agreement for receipt of payment by the Borrower through and including the time of the Borrower s receipt of the requested amount. Nothing in this Section 2.2(b) shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitments hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. Section 2.3 Repayment of Term Loans. To the extent not previously paid, all Loans shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date. Section 2.4 Evidence of Debt; Register; Lenders Books and Records; Loan Notes. (a) Lenders Evidence of Debt. Each Lender shall maintain on its internal records an account or accounts evidencing the Borrower Obligations to such Lender, including the amounts of the Loans made by it and each repayment and prepayment in respect thereof. Any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and each other Loan Party, absent manifest error; provided that the failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrower Obligations in respect of any Loans; and provided further, in the event of any inconsistency between the Register and any Lender s records, the recordations in the Register shall govern. (b) Register. The Administrative Agent (or its agent or sub-agent appointed by it), acting solely as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower for purposes of maintaining the Register (as defined below), shall maintain at its Principal Office (which Principal Office shall be in the United States) a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of Lenders (and each assignee thereof) and the Commitments and Loans (and related stated interest amounts) of each Lender from time to time (the Register ). The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender (provided that any such Lender may only inspect any entry relating to such Lender s Commitments and Loans) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The Administrative Agent shall record, or shall cause to be recorded, in the Register the Commitments and the Loans (and related interest amounts), as well as any assignments thereof, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.6, and each repayment or prepayment in respect of the principal amount (and related interest amounts) of the Loans, and any such recordation shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower, each other Loan Party and each Lender, absent manifest error. The parties hereto shall treat each Person listed in the Register as the owner of the applicable Loan, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. This Section 2.4(b) is intended to establish a book entry system within the meaning of United States Treasury Regulations Section 5f.103-1(c)(1)(ii) and shall be interpreted consistently with such intent. 91 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (c) Loan Notes. If so requested by any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date, or at any time thereafter, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (and/or, if applicable and if so specified in such notice, to any Person who is an Assignee of such Lender pursuant to Section 9.6) on the Closing Date (or, if such notice is delivered after the Closing Date, promptly after the Borrower s receipt of such notice) a Loan Note to evidence such Lender s Loans provided that the delivery of such Loan Notes shall not be a condition to closing on the Closing Date. Section 2.5 Interest on Loans. (a) Except as otherwise set forth herein, each Loan shall bear interest on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date made through repayment (whether by acceleration or otherwise) thereof as follows: Margin; or Margin. (i) if a Base Rate Loan, at the Base Rate plus the Applicable (ii) if a SOFR Loan, at the Term SOFR plus the Applicable (b) The basis for determining the rate of interest with respect to any Loan, and the Interest Period with respect to any SOFR Loan, shall be selected by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent and Lenders pursuant to the applicable Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, as the case may be. (c) In connection with SOFR Loans there shall be no more than ten (10) Interest Periods outstanding at any time. In the event the Borrower fails to specify between a Base Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan in the applicable Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, such Loan (if outstanding as a SOFR Loan) will be automatically converted into a Base Rate Loan on the last day of the then current Interest Period for such Loan (or if outstanding as a Base Rate Loan will remain as, or (if not then outstanding) will be made as, a Base Rate Loan). In the event the Borrower fails to specify an Interest Period for any SOFR Loan in the applicable Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month. As soon as practicable after 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on each Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, the Administrative Agent shall determine (which determination shall, absent manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties) the interest rate that shall apply to the SOFR Loans for which an interest rate is then being determined for the applicable Interest Period and shall promptly give notice thereof (in writing or by telephone confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and each Lender. (d) Interest payable pursuant to clause (a) shall be computed (i) in the case of Base Rate Loans on the basis of a 365 day or 366 day year, as the case may be, and (ii) in the case of SOFR Loans, on the basis of a 360 day year, in each case for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which it accrues. In computing interest on any Loan, the date of the making of such Loan or the first day of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan or the last Interest Payment Date with respect to such Loan or, with respect to a Base Rate Loan being converted from a SOFR Loan, the date of conversion of such SOFR Loan to such Base Rate Loan, as the case may be, shall be included, and the date of payment of such Loan or the expiration date of an Interest Period applicable to such Loan or, with respect to a Base Rate Loan being converted to a SOFR Loan, the date of conversion of such Base Rate Loan to such SOFR Loan, as the case may be, shall be excluded; provided, if a Loan is repaid on the same day on which it is made, one day s interest shall be paid on that Loan. 92 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (e) Except as otherwise set forth herein, interest on each Loan shall accrue on a daily basis and shall be payable in arrears on (i) each Interest Payment Date with respect to interest accrued on and to each such payment date; and (ii) upon any prepayment of that Loan, to the extent accrued on the amount being prepaid (provided, however, with respect to any voluntary prepayment of a Base Rate Loan, accrued interest shall instead be payable on the applicable Interest Payment Date). (f) In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time in consultation with the Borrower (provided that, any such consultation shall not be required with respect to any determination by the Administrative Agent as to whether any market practice or convention is administratively feasible) and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. Section 2.6 Conversion/Continuation. (a) Subject to Section 2.15 and so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, the Borrower shall have the option: (i) to convert at any time all or any part of any Loan (in an amount permitted by Section 2.1(b)(iii)) from one Type of Loan to another Type of Loan; provided, a SOFR Loan may only be converted on the expiration of the Interest Period applicable to such SOFR Loan unless the Borrower shall pay all amounts due under Section 2.15 in connection with any such conversion; or (ii) upon the expiration of any Interest Period applicable to any SOFR Loan, to continue all or any portion of such Loan (in an amount permitted by Section 2.1(b)(iii)) as a SOFR Loan. (b) Subject to clause (c) below, the Borrower shall deliver a Conversion/Continuation Notice to the Administrative Agent no later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) at least one Business Day in advance of the proposed conversion date (in the case of a conversion to a Base Rate Loan) and at least three Business Days in advance of the proposed conversion/continuation date (in the case of a conversion to, or a continuation of, a SOFR Loan). Except as otherwise provided herein, a Conversion/Continuation Notice for conversion to, or continuation of, any SOFR Loans shall be irrevocable on and after the related Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and the Borrower shall be bound to effect a conversion or continuation in accordance therewith. If on any day a Loan is outstanding with respect to which a Funding Notice or Conversion/Continuation Notice has not been delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the terms hereof specifying the applicable basis for determining the rate of interest, then for that day such Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. (c) Any Conversion/Continuation Notice shall be executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in a writing delivered to the Administrative Agent. In lieu of delivering a Conversion/Continuation Notice, the Borrower may give the Administrative Agent telephonic notice by the required time of such proposed conversion or continuation, as the case may be; provided each such notice shall be promptly confirmed in writing by delivery of the applicable Conversion/Continuation Notice to the Administrative Agent on or before the close of business on the date that the telephonic notice is given. In 93 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW the event of a discrepancy between the telephone notice and the written Conversion/Continuation Notice, the written Conversion/Continuation Notice shall govern. In the case of any Conversion/Continuation Notice that is irrevocable once given, if the Borrower provides telephonic notice in lieu thereof, such telephone notice shall also be irrevocable once given. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall incur any liability to the Borrower in acting upon any telephonic notice referred to above that the Administrative Agent believes in good faith to have been given by a duly authorized officer or other person authorized on behalf of the Borrower or for otherwise acting in good faith. Section 2.7 Default Interest. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), Section 7.1(a)(7) or Section 7.1(a)(8), the overdue principal amount of all Loans outstanding and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any overdue interest payments on the Loans or any overdue fees or other amounts owed hereunder shall bear interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under Bankruptcy Laws (or interest that would have accrued after the commencement of a proceeding but for the commencement of such proceeding)) payable on demand at a rate that is 2 per annum in excess of (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, the interest rate otherwise payable hereunder with respect to the applicable Loans and (ii) in the case of any other amount, the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. Payment or acceptance of the increased rates of interest provided for in this Section 2.7 is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. Section 2.8 Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent fees in the amounts and at the times set forth in a separate fee letter between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. (b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Lenders undrawn commitment fees Undrawn Commitment Fees equal to (i) the average of the daily difference between the Initial Term Loan Commitments and the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Initial Term Loans, times (ii) 35 of the Applicable Margin then applicable to SOFR Loans. Such Undrawn Commitment Fees shall be paid to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof. Such Undrawn Commitment Fees shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed and shall be paid in arrears on the last Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, such payment commencing on September 30, 2024 (but accruing beginning on the Closing Date). (c) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders entitled thereto. Section 2.9 [Reserved]. Section 2.10 Voluntary and Mandatory Prepayments. (a) Voluntary Prepayments. (i) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to the requirements of this Section 2.10. (ii) [Reserved]. 94 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (iii) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may prepay any Class of outstanding Term Loans at any time on (x) with respect to any SOFR Loan, at least three (3) Business Days prior written notice by Borrower to the Administrative Agent and (y) with respect to any Base Rate Loan, at least same day prior written notice by Borrower to the Administrative Agent; provided that any such prepayments or reductions shall be in a minimum principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple thereof. When a voluntary prepayment of a SOFR Loan is made on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period, such voluntary prepayment must be accompanied by the payment of any Term SOFR funding breakage costs, as applicable, in accordance with Section 2.15(c). Each notice of partial prepayment shall designate the Loans or other Obligations hereunder to which such prepayment is to be applied, and any notice delivered pursuant to this Section 2.10 may be conditioned on the occurrence of one or more events described in the applicable notice. (b) Mandatory. (i) Within ten (10) Business Days after financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) and Section 5.1(b) (commencing with the first full fiscal quarter after the Completion Date) and the related Compliance Certificate has been delivered pursuant to Section 5.2(a), the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to (A) 100 of Excess Cash Flow minus (B) the sum of, without duplication, all voluntary prepayments or permitted purchases of Term Loans during such Excess Cash Flow Period or, without duplication across Excess Cash Flow Periods, after the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period and prior to when such Excess Cash Flow prepayment is due minus (C) the aggregate amount deposited into the Debt Service Reserve Account (such that amounts on deposit therein are equal to or less than the Debt Service Reserve Amount), during such Excess Cash Flow Period or, without duplication across Excess Cash Flow Periods, after the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period and prior to when such Excess Cash Flow prepayment is due. (ii) If (x) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries consummates an Asset Sale (subject at all times to the restrictions set forth in Section 6.4(c) that prohibit the sale of any FLNG2 Collateral) or (y) any Recovery Event occurs, and the transactions described in the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) result in the receipt by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries of Net Proceeds (any such transaction or series of related transactions being a Relevant Transaction ), the Borrower shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent thereof promptly after the date of receipt of such Net Proceeds and the Borrower shall, prepay an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to the Net Proceeds received from such Relevant Transaction within five (5) Business Days of receipt thereof by the Borrower or such Subsidiary; provided that, the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary) may use such Net Proceeds to prepay or offer to repurchase, on a ratable basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and the Other Applicable Indebtedness at such time), (A) Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) or any other Indebtedness permitted hereunder to the extent secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Obligations (or, in each case, any Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof that is secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Obligations) or (B) Indebtedness under the Equal Priority Obligations existing on the date hereof pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness (such Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt, Indebtedness under the Equal Priority Obligations or such other 95 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Indebtedness (or such Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof) which the borrower elects to prepay or offer to repurchase, Other Applicable Indebtedness provided further that if the Relevant Transaction involves (1) an Asset Sale (including a Specified Asset Sale) constituting Collateral (other than FLNG2 Assets) so long as the aggregate Net Proceeds do not exceed 350 million or (2) any Asset Sale of assets not constituting Collateral, then the Net Proceeds of such assets may be applied to Other Applicable Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Agreement, LC Facility or other revolving indebtedness that constitutes Equal Priority Obligations unless such prepayment is accompanied by permanent reductions of the commitments thereunder) on a non-ratable basis, and the amount of prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.10(b)(ii) shall be reduced accordingly; provided, further, that to the extent the holders of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Indebtedness repurchased or prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Term Loans (and any Other Applicable Indebtedness required to be repaid with such declined amount) in accordance with the terms hereof; provided further that if the Recovery Event involves any FLNG2 Collateral, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100 of all Net Proceeds received therefrom, on or prior to the date that is five (5) Business Days after the later of (i) receipt by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of such Net Proceeds and (ii) a determination that any proceeds of such Recovery Event are Net Proceeds in accordance with sub-clauses (II) and (III) of the proviso in sub-clause (a) of the definition thereof; provided further that if the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries disposes of any FLNG2 Collateral in breach of this Agreement, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100 of all Net Proceeds received therefrom on or prior to the date that is one (1) Business Days after the receipt by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of such Net Proceeds (without the ability by the Borrower to reinvest such Net Proceeds as set forth in the definition of Net Proceeds ). (iii) If the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurs or issues any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock after the Closing Date not permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to Section 6.3, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100 of all Net Proceeds received therefrom on or prior to the date which is five (5) Business Days after the receipt by the Borrower or a Guarantor of such Net Proceeds. (iv) If the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries receives any Extraordinary MPD Payments, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100 of the Net Proceeds of such Extraordinary MPD Payments on or prior to the date which is five (5) Business Days after the later of (i) receipt by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of such Net Proceeds and (ii) a determination that any proceeds of such Extraordinary MPD Payment are Net Proceeds in accordance with the proviso in sub-clause (c) of the definition thereof; 96 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (v) Each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(a)(iii) (A) shall be applied either (x) ratably to each Class of Term Loans then outstanding or (y) as requested by the Borrower in the notice delivered pursuant to clause (vi) below, and to the extent permitted pursuant to clause (2) of the immediately following sentence below, to any Class or Classes of Term Loans with a Maturity Date preceding the Maturity Date of the other Classes of Term Loans then outstanding, (B) shall be applied, with respect to each such Class for which prepayments will be made, in a manner determined at the discretion of the Borrower in the applicable notice and (C) shall be paid to the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their respective pro rata share (or other applicable share provided by this Agreement) of each such Class of Term Loans, subject to clause (vi) of this Section 2.10(b). (vi) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made by the Borrower pursuant to clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 2.10(b) at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the aggregate amount of such prepayment to be made by the Borrower. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the contents of the Borrower s prepayment notice and of such Appropriate Lender s Pro Rata Share of the prepayment. Each Lender with a Commitment may reject all or a portion of its Pro Rata Share of any mandatory prepayment (such declined amounts, the Declined Proceeds of Term Loans required to be made (other than a prepayment required to be made pursuant to clause (iii) of this Section 2.10(b)) by providing written notice (each, a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower no later than 5:00 p.m. one (1) Business Day after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment. Each Rejection Notice from a given Lender shall specify the principal amount of the mandatory repayment of Term Loans to be rejected by such Lender. If a Lender fails to deliver a Rejection Notice to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above or such Rejection Notice fails to specify the principal amount of the Term Loans to be rejected, any such failure will be deemed an acceptance of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Term Loans. Any Declined Proceeds shall be retained by the Borrower but shall not increase the amount of Restricted Payments able to be made under Section 6.1(a)(2). (vii) Foreign Dispositions. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.10, (i) to the extent that any of or all the Net Proceeds of any Disposition by a Foreign Subsidiary Foreign Disposition ), the Net Proceeds of any Recovery Event from a Foreign Subsidiary (a Foreign Recovery Event or Excess Cash Flow attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries would be (x) prohibited or delayed by applicable local law from being repatriated to the United States or (y) restricted by applicable material constituent documents, solely as a result of minority ownership and so long as such restrictions were not implemented for the purpose of avoiding such mandatory prepayment requirements, an amount equal to the Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow that would be so affected were the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to attempt to repatriate such cash will not be required to be applied to repay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.10(b) but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long, but only so long, as the applicable local law or applicable material constituent documents (solely as a result of minority ownership) would not permit repatriation to the United States and, if within one year 97 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW following the date on which the respective prepayment would otherwise have been required such repatriation of any of such affected Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow is permissible under the applicable local law documents or applicable material constituent documents (solely as a result of minority ownership), even if such cash is not actually repatriated at such time, an amount equal to the amount of the Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, as applicable, will be promptly (and in any event not later than five Business Days) applied (net of an amount equal to the additional taxes of the Borrower, the Subsidiaries and the direct and indirect holders of Equity Interests in the Borrower that would be payable or reserved against and any additional costs that would be incurred as a result of a repatriation, whether or not a repatriation actually occurs) by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.10(b) to the extent provided herein and (ii) to the extent that the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any of or all the Net Proceeds of any Foreign Disposition or any Foreign Recovery Event or Excess Cash Flow attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries would have material adverse Tax consequences to Borrower or any of its Affiliates, such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.10(b); provided that the Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to eliminate or reduce any such material adverse Tax consequences to enable such repayment to be made. (c) Prepayment Procedures. Prior to any optional or mandatory prepayment of Borrowings under this Section, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall specify such selection in the notice of such prepayment delivered pursuant to the following sentence. All such voluntary or mandatory prepayments shall be made (i) upon written or telephonic notice on the date of prepayment, in the case of Base Rate Loans and (ii) upon not less than (to the extent practicable, in the case of a mandatory prepayment) three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior written or telephonic notice in the case of SOFR Loans, in each case of (i) and (ii), given to the Administrative Agent by 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date required and, if given by telephone, promptly confirmed by delivery of written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent will promptly advise each applicable Lender of the contents thereof). Any such notice of an optional prepayment of Borrowings to be made prior to the Completion Date shall be accompanied by evidence, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (who may consult with the Independent Engineer), that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have, after giving effect to such optional prepayment, adequate funding to achieve the Completion Date. Upon the giving of any such notice, the principal amount of the Loans specified in such notice shall become due and payable on the prepayment date specified therein; provided that a notice of voluntary prepayment may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, the receipt of proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the Disposition of assets or the closing of a merger, amalgamation or acquisition transaction, in which case such notice of prepayment may be revoked or extended by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date) if such condition is not satisfied or delayed in effectiveness, provided that the Borrower shall make any payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.15(c) in connection therewith. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.1(b), except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.5(e). Section 2.11 [Reserved]. 98 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Section 2.12 Benchmark Replacement Setting. (a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then: (i) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (ii) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its (or their) sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.12. (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen 99 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. Section 2.13 General Provisions Regarding Payments. (a) All payments by the Borrower of principal, interest, fees and other Obligations shall be made in Dollars in same day funds, without defense, recoupment, setoff or counterclaim, free of any restriction or condition, and delivered to the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date due at the Principal Office of the Administrative Agent for the account of Lenders. (b) All payments in respect of the principal amount of any Loan shall be accompanied by payment of any fees required to be paid in connection with such principal payment pursuant to Section 2.8 and payment of accrued interest on the principal amount being repaid or prepaid, and all such payments (and, in any event, any payments in respect of any Loan on a date when interest is due and payable with respect to such Loan) shall be applied to the payment of interest then due and payable before application to principal. (c) The Administrative Agent (or its agent or sub-agent appointed by it) shall promptly distribute to each Lender at such address as such Lender shall indicate in writing, such Lender s applicable Pro Rata Share of all payments and prepayments of principal and interest due hereunder, together with all other amounts due related thereto, including all fees payable with respect thereto, to the extent received by the Administrative Agent. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions hereof, if any Conversion/Continuation Notice is withdrawn as to any Affected Lender or if any Affected Lender makes Base Rate Loans in lieu of its Pro Rata Share of any SOFR Loans, the Administrative Agent shall give effect thereto in apportioning payments received thereafter. (e) Whenever any payment to be made hereunder with respect to any Loan shall be stated to be due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 100 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (f) The Administrative Agent shall deem any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder that is not made in same day funds prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) (unless a later time is otherwise specified herein with respect to such payment) to be a non-conforming payment. Any such payment shall not be deemed to have been received by the Administrative Agent until the later of (i) the time such funds become available funds, and (ii) the applicable next Business Day. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt telephonic notice to the Borrower and each applicable Lender (confirmed in writing) if any payment is non-conforming. Any non-conforming payment may constitute or become a Default or Event of Default in accordance with the terms of Section 7.1(a). Interest shall continue to accrue on any principal as to which a non-conforming payment is made until such funds become available funds (but in no event less than the period from the date of such payment to the next succeeding applicable Business Day) at the rate determined pursuant to Section 2.7, if applicable, from the date such amount was due and payable until the date such amount is paid in full. Section 2.14 Ratable Sharing. The Lenders hereby agree among themselves that if any of them shall, whether by voluntary payment (other than a prepayment of Loans made and applied in accordance with the terms hereof) through the exercise of any right of set off or banker s lien, or by counterclaim or cross action or by the enforcement of any right under the Loan Documents or otherwise, or as adequate protection of a deposit treated as cash collateral under Bankruptcy Laws, receive payment or reduction of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal, interest, fees and other amounts then due and owing to such Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Aggregate Amounts Due to such Lender) which is greater than the proportion received by any other Lender in respect of the Aggregate Amounts Due to such other Lender, then the Lender receiving such proportionately greater payment shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent and each other Lender of the receipt of such payment and (b) apply a portion of such payment to purchase participations (which it shall be deemed to have purchased from each seller of a participation simultaneously upon the receipt by such seller of its portion of such payment) in the Aggregate Amounts Due to the other Lenders so that all such recoveries of Aggregate Amounts Due shall be shared by all Lenders in proportion to the Aggregate Amounts Due to them; provided that if all or part of such proportionately greater payment received by such purchasing Lender is thereafter recovered from such Lender upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, those purchases shall be rescinded and the purchase prices paid for such participations shall be returned to such purchasing Lender ratably to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. The Borrower expressly consents to the foregoing arrangement and agrees that any holder of a participation so purchased may exercise any and all rights of banker s lien, consolidation, set off or counterclaim with respect to any and all monies owing by the Borrower to that holder with respect thereto as fully as if that holder were owed the amount of the participation held by that holder. The provisions of this Section 2.14 shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement as in effect from time to time or (ii) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or other Obligations owed to it. For purposes of clause (a)(iii) of Section 2.17, a Lender that acquires a participation pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall be treated as having acquired such participation on the earlier date on which such Lender acquired the applicable interest in the Loan to which such participation relates. Section 2.15 Making or Maintaining SOFR Loans. (a) Inability to Determine Applicable Interest Rate. Subject to Section 2.12, if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any SOFR Loan: (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error but shall be made only after 101 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW consultation with the Borrower) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or (ii) the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error but shall be made only after consultation with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent), and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent (with respect to clause (ii), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (B) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15(c). Subject to Section 2.12, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error but shall be made only after consultation with the Borrower) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on any given day, the interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any consultation with the Borrower pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.15(a) shall not be required with respect to any determination by the Administrative Agent as to whether any market practice or convention is administratively feasible. (b) Illegality of SOFR Loans. If any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent) (an Illegality Notice ), (i) any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended, and (ii) the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate , in each case until each affected Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of an Illegality Notice, the Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand from any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate ), on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if all affected Lenders may lawfully continue 102 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if any Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, in each case until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by each affected Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15(c). (c) Compensation for Breakage or Non-Commencement of Interest Periods. The Borrower shall compensate each Lender, upon written request by such Lender (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts in reasonable detail), for all reasonable losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid or payable by such Lender to lenders of funds borrowed by it to make or carry its SOFR Loans and any loss, expense or liability sustained by such Lender in connection with the liquidation or re-employment of such funds but excluding loss of anticipated profits) which such Lender may sustain: (i) if for any reason (other than a default by such Lender) a borrowing of any SOFR Loan does not occur on a date specified therefor in a Funding Notice or a telephonic request for borrowing, or a conversion to or continuation of any SOFR Loan does not occur on a date specified therefor in a Conversion/Continuation Notice or a telephonic request for conversion or continuation; (ii) if any prepayment or other principal payment of, or any conversion of, any of its SOFR Loans occurs on a date prior to the last day of an Interest Period applicable to that Loan; or (iii) if any prepayment of any of its SOFR Loans is not made on any date specified in a notice of prepayment given by the Borrower. (d) Booking of SOFR Loans. Any Lender may make, carry or transfer SOFR Loans at, to, or for the account of any of its branch offices or the office of an Affiliate of such Lender. Section 2.16 Increased Costs; Capital Requirements. (a) Increased Costs. If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Term SOFR); (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Taxes excluded from Section 2.17(a) pursuant to clauses (ii) through (iv) of Section 2.17(a), (B) Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes indemnifiable under Section 2.17 and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or (iii) impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or other Recipient, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 103 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. (d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). Section 2.17 Taxes. (a) All payments made by or on behalf of any Loan Party to a Recipient under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes (except as required by applicable Law), excluding any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), branch profits, and franchise Taxes, in each case (x) imposed on any Recipient as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction of the Governmental Authority imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof), or (y) that are Other Connection Taxes; (ii) Taxes imposed on any Recipient that are attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with the requirements of paragraph (f), (g) or (h) of this Section 2.17; (iii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (x) such Lender acquires such interest in such Commitment (or, to the extent such Lender did not fund an applicable Loan pursuant to a prior Commitment, on the date on which such Lender acquires interest in such Loan), provided that this clause (x) shall not apply to a Lender that became a Lender pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19, or (y) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to this Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in such Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office; and (iv) Taxes that are imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 104 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version described above), and any intergovernmental agreement (and any related fiscal or regulatory legislation, administrative rules or official practices implementing the foregoing (such Code provisions, agreements, regulations and interpretations, collectively, FATCA )). If applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of any applicable withholding agent) requires any Taxes not described in clauses (i) through (iv) of the preceding sentence Non-Excluded Taxes or any Other Taxes to be withheld by any applicable withholding agent from any amounts payable under any Loan Document, the amounts so payable by or on behalf of any Loan Party shall be increased to the extent necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings of Non- Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Lender (or, in the case of any amounts received by the Administrative Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. (b) Without duplication of Section 2.17(a), the Loan Parties shall pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. (c) Whenever any Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes are payable or remittable by a Loan Party, as soon as practicable thereafter the Loan Party shall send to the applicable Recipient the original or a certified copy of an original official receipt received by the Loan Party or other reasonably satisfactory evidence showing payment thereof. (d) Without duplication of Section 2.17(a), the Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient for the full amount of Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes (including any Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this Section 2.17) payable or paid by such Recipient, and any liability (including penalties, additions to Tax, interest and any reasonable expenses, in each case other than those arising from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of a Recipient as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Such indemnification shall be made within 10 days after the date the Recipient makes written demand therefor (which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the nature and amount of Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes for which indemnification is being sought). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Arranger or Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by a Loan Party or with respect to which a Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17, it shall pay such Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan Party under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such Recipient and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that the Loan Party, upon the request of such Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Party (plus interest attributable to the period during which the Loan Party held such funds and any penalties, additions to Tax, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to such Recipient in the event such Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This Section 2.17(e) shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 105 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (f) Upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, a Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of any applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as applicable) as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent); provided that the completion, execution or submission of such documentation required under this Section 2.17(f) (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(g)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Each Lender shall deliver the forms and other documentation required to be provided under this Section 2.17: (i) on or before the date it becomes a party to this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration, inaccuracy, or invalidity of any form previously delivered by such Lender, and (iii) at such other times as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or as required by Law. Each Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at any time it determines that it is no longer in a position to provide any documentation previously delivered to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.17 to the contrary, no Lender shall be required to provide any form or other documentation pursuant to this Section 2.17 that it is not legally eligible to provide. (g) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.17(f): (i) Each Lender that is a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) two executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax. (ii) Each Lender that is not a United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (a Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two executed copies of whichever of the following is applicable: (A) In the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to such tax treaty; (B) IRS Form W-8ECI; 106 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (C) In the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F- 1 (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; (D) To the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W- 8ECI, Form W-8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9 or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner. (iii) If a payment made to any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender has complied with its obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for the purpose of this Section 2.17(g)(iii), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. (h) If the Administrative Agent is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, then it shall, on or prior to the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent, provide the Borrower with a properly completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-9 confirming that the Administrative Agent is exempt from U.S. federal back-up withholding. If the Administrative Agent is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, then it shall, on or prior to the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent, provide the Borrower with, (i) with respect to payments made to the Administrative Agent for its own account, a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable IRS Form W-8), and (ii) with respect to payments made to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender, a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-8IMY confirming that the Administrative Agent agrees to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal withholding Tax purposes. On or prior to the date on which it becomes the Arranger, the Arranger shall provide the Borrower with a properly completed and duly executed copy of IRS Form W-9 confirming that the Arranger is exempt from U.S. federal back-up withholding. The Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall, (A) promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration, inaccuracy or invalidity of any form previously delivered by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger under this clause (h), and (B) at such other times as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower or as required by Law, deliver promptly to the Borrower an updated form or other appropriate 107 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW documentation (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the Borrower) or promptly notify the Borrower in writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. Notwithstanding anything in this clause (h) to the contrary, no Administrative Agent or Arranger shall be required to provide any documentation pursuant to this clause (h) that the Administrative Agent or Arranger is unable to deliver as a result of a Change in Law after the date of this Agreement. (i) The agreements in this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. Section 2.18 Obligation to Mitigate. Each Lender agrees that, as promptly as practicable after the officer of such Lender responsible for administering its Loans becomes aware of the occurrence of an event or the existence of a condition that would cause such Lender to become an Affected Lender or that would entitle such Lender to receive payments or would require the Borrower to pay amounts under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, it will, to the extent not inconsistent with the internal policies of such Lender and any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, use reasonable efforts to (a) make, issue, fund or maintain its Loans through another office of such Lender, or (b) take such other measures as such Lender may deem reasonable, if as a result thereof the circumstances which would cause such Lender to be an Affected Lender would cease to exist or the additional amounts which would otherwise be required to be paid to such Lender or by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 would be reduced and if, as determined by such Lender in its sole discretion, the making, funding or maintaining of such Loans through such other office or in accordance with such other measures, as the case may be, would not otherwise adversely affect such Loans or the interests of such Lender; provided that such Lender will not be obligated to utilize such other office or take such other measures pursuant to this Section 2.18 unless the Borrower agrees to pay all incremental expenses incurred by such Lender as a result of utilizing such other office or taking such other measures as described above. A certificate as to the amount of any such expenses payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.18 (setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount) submitted by such Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. Section 2.19 Removal or Replacement of a Lender. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that: (a)(i) any Lender shall give notice to the Borrower that such Lender is an Affected Lender or that such Lender is entitled to receive payments or that the Borrower is required to make payments under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 (an Increased Cost Lender ), (ii) the circumstances which have caused such Lender to be an Affected Lender or which entitle such Lender to receive or the Borrower to make such payments shall remain in effect, and (iii) such Lender shall fail to withdraw such notice within five Business Days after the Borrower s request for such withdrawal; (b) in connection with any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any of the provisions hereof as contemplated by Section 9.1, the consent of Required Lenders shall have been obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Lenders (each a Non-Consenting Lender whose consent is required shall not have been obtained; then, with respect to each such Increased Cost Lender or Non-Consenting Lender (the Terminated Lender ), the Borrower may, by giving written notice to the Administrative Agent and any Terminated Lender of its election to do so, elect to cause such Terminated Lender (and such Terminated Lender hereby irrevocably agrees) to assign its outstanding Loans and Commitments in full to one or more Persons permitted to become Lenders hereunder pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.6 (each a Replacement Lender and the Borrower shall pay the fees, if any, payable thereunder in connection with any such assignment from an Increased Cost Lender; provided that, (A) on the date of such assignment, such Terminated Lender shall have received payment 108 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW from the Replacement Lender or the Borrower in an amount equal to the sum of (1) the principal of, and all accrued interest on, all outstanding Loans of the Terminated Lender and (2) all accrued, but theretofore unpaid fees owing to such Terminated Lender pursuant to Section 2.8; (B) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15(c), 2.16 or 2.17, such assignment will result in a material reduction in such compensation and on the date of such assignment, the Borrower shall pay any amounts payable to such Terminated Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17; or otherwise as if it were a prepayment and (C) in the event such Terminated Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, each Replacement Lender shall consent, at the time of such assignment, to each matter in respect of which such Terminated Lender was a Non-Consenting Lender. Upon the prepayment of all amounts owing to any Terminated Lender, such Terminated Lender shall no longer constitute a Lender for purposes hereof; provided, any rights of such Terminated Lender to indemnification hereunder shall survive as to such Terminated Lender. Each Lender agrees that if the Borrower exercises its option hereunder to cause an assignment by such Lender as a Terminated Lender, such Lender shall, promptly after receipt of written notice of such election, execute and deliver all documentation necessary to effectuate such assignment in accordance with Section 9.6; provided that each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this Section 2.19 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto, and each Lender hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver such documentation as may be required to give effect to an assignment in accordance with Section 9.6 on behalf of a Terminated Lender and any such documentation so executed by the Administrative Agent shall be effective for purposes of documenting an assignment pursuant to Section 9.6. Section 2.20 Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Commitment and Outstanding Amount of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders or any other requisite Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.1); provided that any amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby shall, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.1, require the consent of such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms hereof. In the event that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower each agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Pro Rata Share; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided further that, except as otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from a Defaulting Lender to a Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Section 2.21 Extension of Term Loans. (a) Extension of Term Loans. The Borrower may at any time and from time to time request that all or a portion of the Term Loans of a given Class or Classes (each, an Existing Term Loan Tranche be amended to extend the scheduled Maturity Date with respect to all or a portion of the Term Loans of such Existing Term Loan Tranche (any such Term Loans which have been so amended, Extended Term Loans and to provide for other terms consistent with this Section 2.21. In order to establish any Extended Term Loans, the Borrower shall provide a notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the Lenders under the applicable Existing Term Loan Tranche) 109 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (each, a Term Loan Extension Request setting forth the proposed terms of the Extended Term Loans to be established, which shall (x) be identical as offered to each Lender under the same Class in such Existing Term Loan Tranche (including as to the proposed interest rates and fees payable, but excluding any arrangement, structuring or other similar fees payable in connection therewith that are not generally shared with all relevant Lenders of such Class) and offered pro rata to each Lender under the same Class in such Existing Term Loan Tranche and (y) be identical in all material respects to the Term Loans under the same Class in the Existing Term Loan Tranche from which such Extended Term Loans are intended to be amended, except that: (i) at no time shall there be Classes of Extended Term Loans hereunder which have more than five (5) different Maturity Dates; (ii) the All-In Yield with respect to the Extended Term Loans (whether in the form of interest rate margin, upfront fees, original issue discount or otherwise) may be different than the All-In Yield for the Term Loans of such Existing Term Loan Tranche, in each case, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment; (iii) the Extension Amendment may provide for other covenants and terms that apply solely to any period after the Latest Maturity Date that is in effect on the effective date of the Extension Amendment (immediately prior to the establishment of such Extended Term Loans); and (iv) Extended Term Loans may have prepayment terms (including call protection) as may be agreed by the Borrower and the Lenders thereof; provided, however, that (A) in no event shall the Maturity Date of any Extended Term Loans of a given Term Loan Extension Series at the time of establishment thereof be earlier than the Maturity Date of the Existing Term Loan Tranche, (B) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans of a given Term Loan Extension Series at the time of establishment thereof shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Existing Term Loan Tranche, (C) all documentation in respect of such Extension Amendment shall be consistent with the foregoing and (D) any Extended Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any voluntary repayments or prepayments of principal of Term Loans hereunder and on a pro rata basis or less than a pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis (except in the case of a prepayment under Section 2.10(b)(v)(A)(y))), in any mandatory repayments or prepayments of Term Loans hereunder, in each case as specified in the respective Term Loan Extension Request. Any Extended Term Loans amended pursuant to any Term Loan Extension Request shall be designated a series (each, a Term Loan Extension Series of Extended Term Loans for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that any Extended Term Loans amended from an Existing Term Loan Tranche may, to the extent provided in the applicable Extension Amendment, be designated as an increase in any previously established Class of Term Loans. Each request for Extended Term Loans proposed to be incurred under this Section 2.21 shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 15,000,000 (it being understood that the actual principal amount thereof provided by the applicable Lenders may be lower than such minimum amount) and the Borrower may impose an Extension Minimum Condition with respect to any Term Loan Extension Request, which may be waived by the Borrower in its sole discretion. (b) Extension Request. The Borrower shall provide the applicable Term Loan Extension Request at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to the date on which Lenders under the Existing Term Loan Tranche are requested to respond, and shall agree to such procedures, if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.21. No Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Term Loans of any Existing Term Loan Tranche amended into Extended Term Loans. Any Lender holding a Loan under an Existing Term Loan Tranche (each, an Extending Term Lender wishing to have all or a portion of its Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche subject to such Term Loan Extension Request amended into Extended Term Loans shall notify the Administrative Agent (each, an Extension Election on or prior to the date specified in such Term Loan Extension Request of the amount of its Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche which it has elected to request be amended into Extended Term Loans (subject to any minimum 110 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW denomination requirements imposed by the Administrative Agent). In the event that the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans under the Existing Term Loan Tranche in respect of which applicable Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Term Loan Extension Request exceeds the amount of Extended Term Loans requested to be extended pursuant to the Term Loan Extension Request, Term Loans subject to Extension Elections shall be amended to Extended Term Loans on a pro rata basis (subject to rounding by the Administrative Agent, which shall be conclusive) based on the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans included in each such Extension Election. (c) Extension Amendment. Extended Term Loans shall be established pursuant to an amendment (each, a Extension Amendment to this Agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Extending Term Lender providing an Extended Term Loan thereunder, which shall be consistent with the provisions set forth in Section 2.21(a) or (b) above, respectively (but which shall not require the consent of any other Lender). The effectiveness of any Extension Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with such Extension Amendment) on the date thereof of each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.1(p) and (q) and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Administrative Agent of (i) legal opinions, board resolutions and officers certificates consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date (conformed as appropriate) other than changes to such legal opinions that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (ii) reaffirmation agreements and/or such amendments to the Security Documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in order to ensure that the Extended Term Loans are provided with the benefit of the applicable Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Extension Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended pursuant to an Extension Amendment, without the consent of any other Lenders, to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to (i) reflect the existence and terms of the Extended Term Loans incurred pursuant thereto, (ii) modify the prepayments set forth in Section 2.10 to reflect the existence of the Extended Term Loans and the application of prepayments with respect thereto, (iii) address technical issues relating to funding and payments and (iv) effect such other amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.21, and the Required Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such Extension Amendment. (d) No conversion or extension of Loans or Commitments pursuant to any Extension in accordance with this Section 2.21 shall constitute a voluntary or mandatory payment or prepayment for purposes of this Agreement. This Section 2.21 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.14 or 9.1 to the contrary. SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans, the Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that: Section 3.1 Financial Condition. The audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2023 and the audited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flow of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal period then ended, copies of which have heretofore been furnished to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender, in each case, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of operations and consolidated cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended. Such financial statements, including the related schedules and 111 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the period involved (except as disclosed therein). Section 3.2 No Change. Since December 31, 2023, there has been no development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.3 Existence; Compliance with Law. Each Loan Party (a) is duly incorporated, organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing (if applicable) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, (b) has the organizational power and authority and all requisite Permits from Governmental Authorities (other than Permits relating to the Project) to own and operate its Property, to lease the Property it leases as a lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other organization or body corporate and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction (if applicable) where its ownership, lease or operation of Property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification and (d) is in compliance with such Loan Party s Organizational Documents and all Requirements of Law, except, in the case of clause (a) above with respect to any Loan Party other than the Borrower, and in the cases of clauses (b), (c) and (d) above, to the extent that failure of the same could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.4 Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. (a) Each Loan Party has the requisite corporate or other organizational power and authority to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party. (b) Each Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party. (c) No material consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the borrowings hereunder, the granting of Liens pursuant to the Security Documents or the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except (i) those consents, authorizations, filings and notices that have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) the filings or other actions referred to in Section 3.19. (d) Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each Loan Party that is a party thereto and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party that is a party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). Section 3.5 No Legal Bar. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowings hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof will not contravene, violate or result in a breach of or default under any Loan Party s Organizational Documents, the Existing Indentures, any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party, other than any violation that could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents). Section 3.6 No Material Litigation. No litigation, action, suit, claim, dispute, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against any Loan Party or against any of their respective properties or revenues that (i) could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a 112 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Material Adverse Effect or (ii) as of the Closing Date, purports to affect or pertain to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Section 3.7 No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. No Loan Party is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any Contractual Obligation that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.8 Ownership of Property; Liens. Each of the Loan Parties has title in fee simple or good and valid title, as the case may be, to, or a valid leasehold interest in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all its real or immoveable property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, or valid license of or other right to use, all its other Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, in each case except where the failure to have such title, interest, license or right could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and none of such Property is subject to any Lien except as permitted by Section 6.6. Each of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries has title in fee simple or good and valid title, as the case may be, to the FLNG2 Collateral and none of the FLNG2 Collateral is subject to any Lien other than Permitted Liens of the type described in clauses (a)(i), (a)(ii), (b), (c)(i), (c)(ii), (mm)(I), (rr), (ss) and (uu) of the definition thereof. Section 3.9 IP Rights. Each of the Loan Parties owns, or is licensed or otherwise has the right to use, all IP Rights necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted except to the extent such failure could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. No claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any IP Rights by any Loan Party or the validity or effectiveness of any IP Rights, and the Borrower does not know of any valid basis for any such claim, in each case except to the extent that any such claim could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the use of IP Rights by the Loan Parties does not infringe on the IP Rights of any Person, except for such infringements which could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.10 Taxes. Each of the Loan Parties has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all Taxes due and payable by it (including in its capacity as a withholding agent) other than (a) any amount the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the relevant Loan Party or (b) where the failure to make such filing, payment, deduction, withholding, collection or remittance could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect; and no Lien for Tax has been filed, other than a Permitted Lien, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, fee or other charge except, in each case, as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.11 Federal Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loans, and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulations T, U or X. Section 3.12 Labor Matters. There are no strikes or other labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower threatened, that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from the Loan Parties on account of employee health and welfare insurance that could reasonably be expected to have, 113 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect if not paid have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant Loan Party. Section 3.13 ERISA. As of the date hereof, there are no Pension Plans or Multiemployer Plans. None of the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has had a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability under ERISA, except as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.14 Investment Company Act. No Loan Party is an investment company, or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Section 3.15 Subsidiaries. (a) The Persons listed on Schedule 3.15 constitute all the Subsidiaries of the Borrower as of the Closing Date. Schedule 3.15 sets forth as of the Closing Date the name and jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of each Person listed therein, the percentage of each class of Capital Stock of such Person owned by the Borrower and each Subsidiary and identifies each Person that is a Loan Party. (b) As of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments granted to any Person other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than directors qualifying shares or other similar shares required pursuant to applicable Law) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of any Subsidiary owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower; provided that, with respect to any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, its Capital Stock may be subject to customary rights of first refusal, tag-along, drag-along and other similar rights. Section 3.16 Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Initial Term Loans shall be used to (x) fund Project Costs (including reimbursement of the Borrower or any Guarantor for the Project Costs incurred from February 28, 2024 up to the Closing Date in amount not to exceed the lesser of (x) 90.0 million and (y) an amount such that the total amount the Borrower shall have contributed to the FLNG2 Subsidiaries as equity and used for the payment of Project Costs and/or paid Project Costs on behalf of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries (or funded a Project Costs Reserve Account) shall not be less than 300 million after deducting the amount of such reimbursement) and (y) reimburse any Drawstop Equity Contribution; provided that with respect to any reimbursement of a Drawstop Equity Contribution, (A) at the time of such reimbursement, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (B) immediately after giving effect to any such Initial Term Loan for such purpose, the Borrower shall be in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 6.7. Section 3.17 Environmental Matters. (a) Other than exceptions to any of the following that could not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect: (i) The Loan Parties (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) and each of their respective facilities and operations: (A) are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws; (B) hold all Environmental Permits (each of which is in full force and effect) required for any of their current operations or for any property owned, leased, or otherwise operated by any of them; (C) are in compliance with all of their Environmental Permits; (D) have taken reasonable steps to ensure each of their Environmental Permits 114 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW will be timely maintained, renewed and complied with; and (E) have no knowledge of any facts or circumstances upon which any such Environmental Permits could reasonably be expected to be adversely amended or revoked. (ii) To the knowledge of the Borrower, Hazardous Materials are not present at, on, under, in, or emanating from any property now or formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of the Loan Parties (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries), or at any other location (including any location to which Hazardous Materials have been sent for reuse or recycling or for treatment, storage, or disposal) which could reasonably be expected to (A) give rise to liability of the Borrower or Loan Party (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) under any applicable Environmental Law or otherwise result in costs to the Borrower or any Loan Party (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries), or (B) interfere with the Borrower s or any Loan Party s (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) continued operations. (iii) There are no Environmental Claims to which the Borrower or any of the Loan Parties (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) is, or to the knowledge of the Borrower will be, named as a party that is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened. To the knowledge of the Borrower, there are no facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any such Environmental Claim. (iv) None of the Borrower nor any Loan Party (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) has been notified that it is a potentially responsible party or subject to liability under or relating to the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 or any other Environmental Law (including with respect to any Hazardous Materials) excluding any such matters that have been fully resolved with no further obligation or liability on the part of the Borrower or any Loan Party (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries). (v) None of the Borrower nor any Loan Party (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries) has entered into or agreed to any consent decree, order, or settlement or other agreement, or is subject to any judgment, decree, or order or other agreement, in any judicial, administrative, arbitral or other form of dispute resolution, relating to compliance with or liability under any Environmental Law, excluding any such matters that have been fully resolved with no further obligation or possible liability on the part of the Borrower or any Loan Party (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries). (b) (i) The FLNG2 Subsidiaries and each of their respective facilities and operations: (A) are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws in all material respects; (B) are in compliance with all of their Environmental Permits in all material respects; (C) have taken reasonable steps to obtain, maintain and comply with each of their Environmental Permits; and (D) have no knowledge of any facts or circumstances upon which any material Environmental Permits could reasonably be expected to be adversely amended or revoked. (ii) To the knowledge of the Borrower, Hazardous Materials are not present at, on, under, in, or emanating from any property now or formerly owned, leased or operated by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries (including at any location where the FLNG2 Assets 115 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW are being operated) which could reasonably be expected to (A) give rise to a material liability of the Borrower or any FLNG2 Subsidiary under any applicable Environmental Law or (B) materially interfere with the Borrower s or any FLNG2 Subsidiary s continued operations. (iii) There are no material Environmental Claims to which the Borrower or any of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries is, or to the knowledge of the Borrower will be, named as a party that is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened. (iv) None of the Borrower nor any FLNG2 Subsidiary has been notified that it is a potentially responsible party or subject to material liability under or relating to the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 or any other Environmental Law (including with respect to any Hazardous Materials) other than matters that have been fully resolved with no further obligation or liability on the part of the Borrower or any FLNG2 Subsidiary. (v) None of the Borrower nor any FLNG2 Subsidiary has entered into or agreed to any consent decree, order, or settlement or equivalent agreement, or is subject to any judgment, decree, or order or equivalent agreement, in any judicial, administrative, arbitral or other form of dispute resolution, relating to material non- compliance with, or material liability under, any Environmental Law, excluding any such matters that have been fully resolved with no further obligation or liability on the part of the Borrower or any FLNG2 Subsidiary. Section 3.18 Accuracy of Information, Etc. No statement or information contained in this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other document, certificate or written statement (other than any projections and information of a general economic or general industry nature) furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders or any of them, by or on behalf of any Loan Party for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, when taken as a whole, contained as of the date such statement, information, document or certificate was so furnished (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading. The projections and pro forma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. Section 3.19 Security Documents. Each of the Security Documents is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Common Representative for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds thereof. In the case of (i) any Pledged Stock (as defined in the Security Agreement) which is in certificated form, when any stock, membership or partnership unit certificates representing such Pledged Stock are delivered to, and in the possession of, the Collateral Agent (or the Controlling Authorized Representative in accordance with the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement) and (ii) the other Collateral described in the Security Documents, when 116 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW financing statements and other filings in appropriate form are filed or registered in the office specified on Schedule 3.19, the security interest created in favor of the Collateral Agent or any Common Representative for the benefit of the Secured Parties in such Pledged Stock and other Collateral shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Pledged Stock, other Collateral and the proceeds thereof, in which a security interest may be perfected by delivery to the Collateral Agent of such Pledged Stock or by filing a financing statement in the United States or other filing or registration in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction as security for the Obligations, in each case, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than Persons holding Liens or other encumbrances or rights that are permitted by this Agreement to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.6). Section 3.20 Solvency. As of each Initial Term Loan Funding Date and after giving effect to any Loans made on such Initial Term Loan Funding Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. Section 3.21 Project Permits. (a) All material Permits necessary for the Project (x) are set forth in Schedule 3.21 hereto (collectively, the Required Permits ), including the applicant s name, and (y) are or will be held by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries when such Required Permits are obtained, as applicable, and: (i) as to those listed in Part A of Schedule 3.21, have been duly obtained, were validly issued, are in full force and effect, and are not the subject of any pending appeal (or if subject to any appeal, such appeal does not have a reasonable probability of success and the applicable Permit remains effective during such appeal) and all applicable fixed time periods for appeal set forth in the applicable Laws pursuant to which such Permits were issued have expired or are Permits that do not have limits on appeal periods; or (ii) as to those listed in Part B of Schedule 3.21: (1) the relevant FLNG2 Subsidiary has applied to the relevant Governmental Authority for each such Permit, other than as indicated on Schedule 3.21, and (2) are reasonably expected by the Loan Parties to be obtained in the ordinary course by the time they are required; and (iii) in the case of the Permits listed in Part A of Schedule 3.21, are, or, in the case of the Permits listed in Part B of Schedule 3.21, are reasonably expected to be, free from conditions or requirements: (1) the compliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (2) which the FLNG2 Subsidiaries do not expect to be able to satisfy on or prior to the commencement of the relevant stage of the Project for which such Permit is necessary, except to the extent that a failure to so satisfy such condition or requirement could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 117 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (b) All Project Leasehold or Concessions are reasonably expected to be (x) obtained in the ordinary course by the time they are required and (y) free from conditions or requirements, the compliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or which the FLNG2 Subsidiaries do not expect to be able to satisfy on or prior to the commencement of the relevant stage of the Project for which such Project Leasehold or Concession is necessary, except to the extent that a failure to so satisfy such condition or requirement could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (c) The FLNG2 Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all Required Permits and the Project Leasehold or Concessions held by such entities. (d) There is no action, suit, or proceeding pending or, to the Borrower s knowledge, threatened in writing that could reasonably be expected to result in the materially adverse termination or suspension of any Required Permit or any Project Leasehold or Concession held by any FLNG2 Subsidiary. Section 3.22 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions. (a) To the extent applicable, each of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects, and the operations of the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects, with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (ii) the PATRIOT Act and (iii) the material applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Borrower and each such Restricted Subsidiary conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws ), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties party hereto, threatened. (b) No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in material violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ), or otherwise in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in material violation of any material applicable anti-corruption laws. None of the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary or any director or officer thereof, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any employee, agent, Affiliate or representative thereof, has taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization or approval of the payment, giving or receipt of money, property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, indirectly, to any government official (including any officer or employee of a government or government- owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for public office) in order to influence official action, or to any Person in material violation of the FCPA or any material applicable anti-corruption laws. The Borrower and the its Restricted Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with the FCPA and material applicable anti- corruption laws and have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures 118 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW reasonably designed to promote and achieve material compliance with such laws and with the representations and warranties contained in this clause (b). (c) None of the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any employee, agent, Affiliate or representative of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more Persons that are, (i) on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons , (ii) subject to any sanctions administered or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majesty s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country and the Borrower will not directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Person (A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, in violation of Sanctions or (B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. The Loan Parties have instituted and maintained and will continue to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote and achieve material compliance with applicable Sanctions. Section 3.23 Insurance. The properties of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party operates. Section 3.24 Material Project Documents. (a) An FLNG2 Subsidiary is party to each of the Material Project Documents and a list of each executed Material Project Document (including all amendments, amendments and restatements, supplements and waivers thereto) existing on the Closing Date is attached as Schedule 1.1B. True, correct and complete copies of each of the aforementioned Material Project Documents have been delivered to the Administrative Agent. (b) Each of the Material Project Documents is in full force and effect (in each case, unless such Material Project Document has been replaced by a Replacement Material Project Document), and none of the Material Project Documents has been terminated or otherwise amended, modified, supplemented or assigned, except as permitted by the terms hereof. (c) Each FLNG2 Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with all of the terms of the Material Project Documents to which it is a party. To the knowledge of the Borrower, no Material Project Counterparty is in default of any of its obligations under any Material Project Document other than defaults which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (d) As of the Closing Date, no event of force majeure (as defined under the applicable Material Project Document) in respect of which a Material Project Counterparty has sought or would reasonably be expected to seek relief from performance under a Material Project Document has occurred and is continuing under any Material Project Document. Section 3.25 Sufficiency of Funds. The Borrower reasonably believes that, collectively, (a) the unused Commitments, (b) proceeds of the Term Loans that have not yet been applied to the payment 119 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW of Project Costs, (c) funds on deposit in any Project Costs Reserve Accounts and (d) other funds available to the Borrower and the FLNG2 Subsidiaries for purpose of paying Project Costs will be sufficient to achieve the Completion Date by June 30, 2026. Section 3.26 Construction Budget and Schedule. The Construction Budget and Schedule is, as of its date of delivery to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Schedule 5.12, (a) based on good faith assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable and (b) consistent in all material respects with the provisions of the EPC Contracts, it being recognized by the Lenders that the Construction Budget and Schedule (and the information contained therein) as it relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. Section 3.27 Availability and Transfer of Foreign Currency; No Restrictions on Foreign Exchange. To the knowledge of the Borrower, there are no registrations or requirements that limit the availability or transfer of foreign exchange for the purpose of the performance by a Loan Party of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents to which it is a party, including, without limitation, the payment in Dollars of all sums due hereunder or thereunder. No change in Law, nor any change in the official interpretation or administration of any Law, has occurred that could adversely impact (a) the ability of the Borrower to maintain Dollar accounts outside of Mexico and to transfer amounts from and outside of Mexico as necessary to meet its obligations under the Loan Documents; and (b) the ability of a Loan Party to use Dollars as necessary to perform all of its obligations under the Loan Documents unless such impact would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 3.28 No Immunity. Each Loan Party is subject to civil and commercial law with respect to its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is party, and the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents by it constitute private and commercial acts rather than public or governmental acts. None of the Loan Parties or any of their respective properties has any immunity from suit, court jurisdiction, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment, set-off, execution of a judgment or from any other legal process with respect to the obligations of such Loan Party under the Loan Documents. Section 3.29 Conduct of Business by FLNG2 Subsidiaries. None of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries is engaged in any business other than the Project (and activities incidental or reasonably related thereto) as contemplated by its Organizational Documents, the Loan Documents, the Material Project Documents then in effect and other agreements relating to the Project. SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT Section 4.1 Closing Date. The obligations of each Lender to make Loans hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions precedent is satisfied (or waived): (a) Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of the Borrower, (ii) the Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each Loan Party that is a party thereto and (iii) the Equal Priority ICA Joinder Agreement, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer or signatory of each party thereto. 120 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (b) Fees and Expenses. All fees due to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders on the Closing Date shall have been paid, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses to be paid or reimbursed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arranger on the Closing Date that have been invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date shall have been paid (which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Loans). (c) Solvency Certificate. The Lenders shall have received a solvency certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit D, executed by a Responsible Officer (which shall be the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer or other officer with equivalent duties) of the Borrower. (d) Lien Searches. The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of recent Uniform Commercial Code searches in each relevant jurisdiction reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to each of the Loan Parties. (e) Closing Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, certifying that the representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; provided that, in each case, such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text hereof. (f) Legal Opinions. The Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, a legal opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate Meagher Flom LLP, New York counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors dated the date hereof and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. (g) Organizational Documents. A certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) as to copies of the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto, (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the borrowings hereunder and the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, and (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith and (C) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document (in the case of the Borrower, including, without limitation, Funding Notices, and all other notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, together with evidence of the incumbency of such authorized officers. (h) Uniform Commercial Code Filings. Each Uniform Commercial Code financing statement required as of the Closing Date by the Security Documents to be filed in order to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.6), shall have been filed, or shall have been delivered to the Collateral Agent in proper form for filing, or arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for such filing shall have been made. (i) PATRIOT Act; Beneficial Ownership. The Administrative Agent shall have received at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such shorter period time as may 121 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW be agreed by the Administrative Agent) all documentation and other information about the Borrower and the Guarantors required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act, that has been requested by the Administrative Agent in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. At least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have delivered a Beneficial Ownership Certification to any Lender that has requested such certification, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities and Industry and Financial Markets Association, in relation to the Borrower. (j) Financial Statements; Pro Forma Balance Sheet; Closing Financial Model. The Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall have received (a) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries for the three most recently completed fiscal years ended at least 75 days prior to the Closing Date, (b) unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter (other than any fourth fiscal quarter) ended after the most recent audited financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (a) above and at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date, (c) an unaudited pro forma opening balance sheet of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2024, prepared after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred as of such date, (d) a consolidated closing financial model for the FLNG2 Subsidiaries incorporating appropriate operating assumptions consistent with the Material Project Documents, which has been agreed by the Administrative Agent (upon consultation with the Independent Engineer), and distributed to the Lenders through an electronic platform chosen by the Borrower prior to the Closing Date, and which shall prove resistance to reasonable sensitivities and downside scenarios, including projected compliance with a Gearing Ratio equal to or greater than 60.0 through the Completion Date (the Closing Base Case Model Assumptions ), and (e) solely to the extent (i) made available to the Borrower under and pursuant to any Material Project Document and (ii) that the Borrower is permitted to deliver such financial statements to the Administrative Agent (and in accordance with any confidentiality restrictions in the applicable Material Project Document), the financial statements of the Material Project Counterparties. (k) Independent Consultant Reports. The Administrative Agent shall have received independent consultant reports from each of legal counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Independent Engineer and the Environmental Social Consultant (which report shall include the Equator Principles Action Plan), together with reliance letters from each such consultant, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. (l) Construction Budget and Schedule. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Borrower attaching the Construction Budget and Schedule, and certifying that, as of the Closing Date, the Construction Budget and Schedule is: (x) based on good faith assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable and (y) consistent in all material respects with the provisions of the EPC Contract. (m) No Litigation. No litigation, action, suit, claim, dispute, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against any Loan Party or against any of their respective properties or revenues that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. (n) Insurance. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that an early works insurance policy has been issued to the Borrower and all required premiums are paid in full (or 122 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW will be paid in full on the Closing Date) naming the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as an additional insured and loss payee under such insurance policy. (o) Material Project Documents. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of: (i) a true and complete executed copy of each Material Project Document (including all amendments, amendments and restatements, supplements and waivers thereto) set forth on Schedule 1.1B and (ii) executed copies of all performance security, letters of credit and guarantees required to be delivered under each Material Project Document by the Material Project Counterparties as of the Closing Date. Except to the extent the applicable Material Project Document expressly permits collateral assignment for financing purposes, the Borrower shall have used its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain consents to the collateral assignment from the Material Project Counterparties in respect of the Material Project Documents identified on Schedule 4.1(o) and, to the extent any such consent to collateral assignment has been obtained, such consent to collateral assignment shall be in full force and effect. (p) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Section 3 and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided, however, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. (q) No Default. No Default or Event of Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. Section 4.2 Conditions to First Initial Term Loan Funding Date. (a) The obligation of each Lender to honor any Funding Notice with respect to the first Initial Term Loan Funding Date to occur on or after the Closing Date (such date, the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date is subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent: (i) Subject to Section 1.6(a), the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Section 3 and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided, however, that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. (ii) Subject to Section 1.6(a), no Default or Event of Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (iii) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Funding Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof including certification from the Independent Engineer. 123 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (iv) All fees due to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders on the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date shall have been paid, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses to be paid or reimbursed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arranger on the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date that have been invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date shall have been paid (which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Loans). (v) If so requested by any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) at least two Business Days prior to the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date, the Borrower shall have executed and delivered to such Lender on or prior to the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date a Loan Note. (vi) As of the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have AvailabilityAvailable Liquidity in an aggregate amount not less than 100,000,000. (vii) First LNG shall have occurred. (viii) Prior to the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date (or substantially concurrently with the funding of the Initial Term Loans on the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date), the Borrower shall have (x) contributed equity to the FLNG2 Subsidiaries (and the FLNG2 Subsidiaries shall have applied such equity to the payment of Project Costs (or the funding of a Project Costs Reserve Account) and/or (y) paid Project Costs on behalf of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries (or funded a Project Costs Reserve Account), in an aggregate amount equal to not less than 300 million and otherwise in compliance with a Gearing Ratio greater than 60.0 on a pro forma basis as of the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date. (ix) If the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date does not occur on the Closing Date or within 10 Business Days thereafter, the Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date, a bring-down of the report of the Environmental Social Consultant (including the Equator Principles Action Plan) delivered pursuant to Section 4.1(k); provided that, such bring-down shall either (i) contain a statement from the Environmental Social Consultant that there have been no material adverse changes to such report or (ii) be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. (x) As of the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date, each FLNG2 Subsidiary is in compliance in all material respects with Environmental Laws and Social Laws, and reasonably expects to be in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Equator Principles and the applicable Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development guidelines pertaining to environmental matters in respect of the Project on or prior to the Completion Date. (b) Subject to Section 1.6(a), each Borrowing by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.2(a)(i), (ii), (vi), (vii),(viii) and (x) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Borrowing. Section 4.3 Conditions to All Borrowings. 124 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (a) The obligation of each Lender to honor any Funding Notice on any Initial Term Loan Funding Date other than the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date is subject to satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent: (i) Subject to Section 1.6(a), the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Section 3 and each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided that, any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. (ii) Subject to Section 1.6(a), no Default or Event of Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (iii) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Funding Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof including certification from the Independent Engineer.; provided that each Funding Notice shall also include a reasonably detailed calculation of Consolidated Liquidity (i) immediately prior to the making of the Initial Term Loans requested therein and (ii) pro forma for the use of proceeds of such Initial Term Loans. (iv) All fees due to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders on such Initial Term Loan Funding Date shall have been paid, and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses to be paid or reimbursed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arranger on such Initial Term Loan Funding Date that have been invoiced at least three Business Days prior to such Initial Term Loan Funding Date shall have been paid (which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Loans). (v) If so requested by any Lender by written notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) at least two Business Days prior to such Initial Term Loan Funding Date, the Borrower shall have executed and delivered to such Lender on or prior to such Initial Term Loan Funding Date a Loan Note. (vi) As of such Initial Term Loan Funding Date, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall have AvailabilityConsolidated Liquidity in an aggregate amount not less than 100,000,000 (i) immediately prior to making of the Initial Term Loans and (ii) pro forma for the use of proceeds of such Initial Term Loans. (vii) Prior to such Initial Term Loan Funding Date (or concurrently with the funding of the Initial Term Loans on such Initial Term Loan Funding Date), the Borrower shall have (x) contributed equity contributions to the FLNG2 Subsidiaries (and the FLNG2 Subsidiaries shall have applied such equity to the payment of Project Costs (or the funding of a Project Costs Reserve Account) and/or (y) paid Project Costs on behalf of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries (or funded a Project Costs Reserve Account), 125 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW in an aggregate amount sufficient to be in compliance with a Gearing Ratio greater than 60.0 on a pro forma basis as of such Initial Term Loan Funding Date. (viii) The Covenant Holiday Trigger Event shall have occurred; provided that from the date on which the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event occurs and through December 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of Initial Term Loans outstanding, pro forma for each proposed Borrowing to be made on any Initial Term Loan Funding Date during such period, shall not exceed 350,000,000 on such Initial Term Loan Funding Date. (b) Subject to Section 1.6(a), each Borrowing by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.3(a)(i), (ii), (vi) and (vii) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Borrowing. Section 4.4 Conditions to Occurrence of the Completion Date. The occurrence of the Completion Date is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following, and no other, conditions (or waiver thereof by the Administrative Agent (acting on the instruction of the Required Lenders)): (a) Notice of Completion Date. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a duly executed notice of Project completion from the Borrower certifying that the conditions in clauses (b) through (i) of this Section 4.4 have been met. (b) Borrower Certificate. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate of the Borrower certifying that: continuing; (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is (ii) each of the Repeated Representations of each Loan Party is true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date with the same effect as though made on and as of the Completion Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided that, any Repeated Representation that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates; (iii) to the knowledge of each Loan Party that is a party to a Material Project Document, no event of force majeure (as defined in the applicable Material Project Document) has occurred and is continuing under such Material Project Document, the consequences of which have or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) the Borrower is in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.7. (c) Independent Engineer s Certificate. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate of the Borrower certifying that: (i) substantial completion (or such corresponding or similar concept) under each of Kiewit Contract and the MSA has occurred, subject, in each case, to completion of punch list items under the relevant Material Project Document; and (ii) the Commercial Operation Date (as 126 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW defined in the NFE Offtake Agreement) has occurred, and attaching a copy of a certificate from the Independent Engineer confirming (i) and (ii) above. (d) Payment. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of reasonably satisfactory evidence that the applicable Loan Party shall have paid in full all amounts then due and payable under each of the EPC Contracts and the MSA, other than, in each case, (i) amounts required to complete punch list items; (ii) amounts properly withheld or retained by such Loan Party in accordance with the terms and conditions of such EPC Contracts and the MSA; and (iii) disputed amounts under such EPC Contracts and the MSA which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted. (e) Insurance. Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate from the Borrower confirmed in writing to be reasonable by Aon or another internationally recognized insurance consultant confirming that (i) the insurance policies relating to the Project with respect to the operating period risks are in full force and effect, including payment of all premiums required as of the Completion Date, and (ii) such insurance policies name the Collateral Agent as additional insured or loss payee, as applicable. (f) Debt Service Reserve Account. The Debt Service Reserve Account shall have been established and funded in an amount not less than the Debt Service Reserve Amount in accordance with Section 5.14. (g) Initial Operating Budget. The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an initial operating budget relating to the Project. (h) Required Permits and Project Leasehold or Concession. All Required Permits and any Project Leasehold or Concession needed to commence operation of the Project (i) have been duly obtained, were validly issued, are in full force and effect, and are not the subject of any pending appeal and all applicable fixed time periods for appeal set forth in the applicable Laws pursuant to which such Permits were issued have expired or are Permits that do not have limits on appeal periods and (ii) are free from conditions or requirements that the Loan Parties do not expect to be able to satisfy or the compliance with which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (i) Equator Principles and Environmental Laws. On the Completion Date, each FLNG2 Subsidiaries shall be in compliance in all material respects with Environmental Laws, all applicable provisions of the Equator Principles and the applicable Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development guidelines pertaining to the Project. (j) Lien Waivers. (i) The Project shall not be subject to any Liens other than Permitted Liens of the types described in clauses (a)(i), (a)(ii), (b), (c)(i), (c)(ii), (mm)(I), (rr),(ss) and (uu) of the definition thereof and (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent each of the final lien waivers and releases from each of Kiewit Offshore Services, Ltd. and Arendal pursuant to the terms of the Kiewit Contract and the MSA, respectively. SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS The Borrower agrees that, so long as the Termination Conditions have not been satisfied, the Borrower shall and, as applicable, shall cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower (as applicable) to: 127 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Section 5.1 Financial Statements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender and take the following actions: (a) within 90 days (or the successor time period then in effect under the Exchange Act for a non-accelerated filer plus any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous year, audited by Ernst Young LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing, together with a report and opinion by such certified public accountants, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than solely as a result of (a) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness or (b) any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant on a future date or in a future period); and (b) not later than 45 days (or the successor time period then in effect under the Exchange Act for a non-accelerated filer plus any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act) after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2024, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding period in the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes). (c) If the Borrower has designated any of its Subsidiaries as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, then the annual and quarterly information required by Section 5.1(a) and 5.1(b) shall include information (which need not be audited or reviewed by the Borrower s auditors) regarding such Unrestricted Subsidiaries substantially comparable to the financial information of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries presented in the Offering Memorandum; provided that no such information shall be required if such financial information is not material compared to the applicable financial information of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or if such Unrestricted Subsidiaries are not material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Financial statements, segment information and other information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.1, Section 5.2 or Section 5.7 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower, as applicable, posts such financial statements, segment information or other information, or provides a link thereto, on the website of the Borrower, as applicable; (ii) on which such financial statements, segment information or other information is posted on behalf of the Borrower on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial or third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); or (iii) to the extent such financial statements, segment information or other information are set forth in the Borrower s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC, on which date such documents are filed for public availability on the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System. Section 5.2 Certificates; Other Information. Furnish to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender: 128 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (a) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1, a Compliance Certificate of the Borrower (the first such Compliance Certificate to be delivered for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2024) as of the last day of the fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower, as the case may be; (b) no later than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, a consolidated budget for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the following fiscal year (including a consolidated statement of projected results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of the following fiscal year presented on a quarterly basis); (c) concurrently with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b), a narrative discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries, in each case, for such fiscal quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter; and (d) promptly, from time to time, such other customary information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and their compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, in each case, as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (for itself or on behalf of any Lender). The Borrower hereby acknowledges that certain of the Lenders may be Public Lenders and, if documents or notices required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 or this Section 5.2 or otherwise are being distributed through IntraLinks/IntraAgency, SyndTrak, DebtDomain, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Platform ), any Communication that the Borrower has not clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC shall not be posted on that portion of the Platform designated for such Public Lenders. The Borrower agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to clearly designate all Communications provided to the Administrative Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower which is suitable to make available to Public Lenders. If the Borrower has not indicated whether a Communication contains Non-Public Information, the Administrative Agent reserves the right to post such Communication solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Lenders who wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their securities Private Side Information ). Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected to receive Private Side Information in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities laws, to make reference to Communications that are not made through the Public portion of the Platform and that may contain Non-Public Information. Section 5.3 Payment of Taxes. Pay, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, all Taxes required to be paid except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or (b) the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 5.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Law; Required Permits. (a)(i) Except as otherwise permitted by Section 6.4 or 6.9, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its organizational existence and good standing in its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by Section 6.4 129 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW or 6.9 or, other than with respect to the organizational existence of the Borrower, to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (b) comply with all Requirements of Law, except to the extent that failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) on or prior to the date that any Required Permit or any Project Leasehold or Concession becomes required for the Project, obtain such Required Permit or Project Leasehold or Concession, as applicable, (d) once obtained, maintain in full force and effect all Required Permits and any Project Leasehold or Concession, and (e) construct, operate and maintain the Project (or, as applicable, cause the Project to be constructed, operated and maintained) in material compliance with the terms and provisions of all Required Permits and any Project Leasehold or Concession. Section 5.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (a) Keep all real and tangible Property and systems used, useful, or necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons. Section 5.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions. (a) Keep proper books of records and account in which entries which are full, true and correct, in all material respects, in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities, (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, participate in a meeting or conference call with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders once during each fiscal quarter at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (provided that the requirements of this clause (b) shall be satisfied by the Borrower providing the Lenders with access to any earnings call for such fiscal quarter with the holders of the Capital Stock of the Borrower) and (c) permit representatives of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time during normal business hours and as often as may reasonably be desired (but the Administrative Agent may not have more than one visit per any twelve month period except during an Event of Default), upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower, and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Borrower and the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries with officers and employees of the Borrower and the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries and with their independent certified public accountants (and the Borrower will be given the opportunity to participate in any such discussions with such independent certified accountants). So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such inspection, the Borrower shall not bear the cost of more than one such inspection per calendar year by the Administrative Agent (or its representatives); provided that in any event, no more than two such inspections shall be conducted in any calendar year if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.6, none of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or its representatives) is prohibited by any Requirement of Law or any binding agreement (provided that, with respect to any prohibition by any binding agreement, the Borrower shall attempt to obtain consent to such disclosure if requested by the Administrative Agent) or (iii) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 130 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Section 5.7 Notices. Promptly after obtaining knowledge of the same, give notice to the Administrative Agent of: (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; (b) any dispute, claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding (i) affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; (c) any notice received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any investigation by any Governmental Authority of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries for violations of any Anti-Money Laundering Law, Sanctions or any applicable anti-corruption laws (including the FCPA), in each case that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; (d) any notice from a Material Project Counterparty with respect to a Material Project Document received by any Loan Party that is material to the Project, including (i) any notice of default or event of default under a Material Project Document, (ii) any notice of the occurrence of any force majeure claim reasonably expected to exceed 30 consecutive days, (iii) any change order request that would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the Construction Budget and Schedule, and (iv) any material indemnity claim or notice of material dispute; (e) the execution and delivery of (i) any contract or agreement in respect of the Project entered into by an FLNG2 Subsidiary with any other Person subsequent to the Closing Date having a term in excess of two years (excluding any applicable warranty periods or non-performance related provisions) and providing for payments or revenue receipts by such FLNG2 Subsidiary in excess of 10.0 million in any twelve-month period, (ii) any Material Project Document Modification where such modification could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the Construction Budget and Schedule, and (iii) any Replacement Material Project Document (along with true, correct and complete copies of any such Material Project Document Modification or Replacement Material Project Document, as applicable); (f) the rescission, revocation, staying, withdrawal, early termination, cancellation, repeal or invalidity of any material Permit; (g) any other development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Each notice pursuant to this Section 5.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto. Section 5.8 Environmental Laws; Equator Principles. (a) (i) Solely in respect of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries), except in each case to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, comply with, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure compliance by all tenants and subtenants, if any, and (ii) in respect of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries, comply with, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure 131 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW material compliance by all tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws and Social Laws, and obtain and comply with and maintain, and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all tenants and subtenants, if any, obtain and comply in all material respects with and maintain, any and all material Environmental Permits. (b) (i) Solely in respect of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than the FLNG2 Subsidiaries), except in each case to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, conduct and complete all investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other similar actions required by any Governmental Authority under Environmental Laws, and promptly comply with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws and (ii) in respect of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries, conduct and complete all material investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other similar actions required by any Governmental Authority under Environmental Laws, and promptly comply in all material respects with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws. (c) The Borrower shall cause each FLNG2 Subsidiary to comply with all applicable provisions of the Equator Principles and the applicable Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development guidelines pertaining to environmental matters, throughout construction and operation of the Project, in each case except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (d) The Borrower hereby consents to reporting of the Project s name and other information as may be reasonably requested by any Lender in order for such Lender to comply with the applicable reporting obligations set forth in Annex B of the Equator Principles. (e) From the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each FLNG2 Subsidiary to, be in compliance in all material respects with the Equator Principles Action Plan. Section 5.9 Plan Compliance. Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, establish, maintain and operate any and all Pension Plans, Multiemployer Plans and Foreign Employee Benefit Plans (other than government- sponsored plans) in compliance with all Requirements of Law applicable thereto and the respective requirements of the governing documents for such plans to the extent the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity has the authority to establish, maintain and operate such plans. Section 5.10 Additional Guarantors; Additional Collateral, Collateral Limitations. (a) Subject to Section 5.12, the Borrower shall cause each of its Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiaries (other than (a) the Guarantors, (b) any Qualified Liquefaction Development Entities, (c) any Receivables Subsidiaries, (d) any Immaterial Subsidiaries, (e) any Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, (f) any not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiaries, (g) the FLNG1 Subsidiaries (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) and (h) any Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee by it of the Obligations would result in material adverse tax consequences to any Loan Party, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in writing) to, within 60 days (subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent) of the later of (i) such Subsidiary becoming a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) the Borrower determining such Subsidiary ceased to meet any of the exceptions set forth in the preceding parenthetical, execute and deliver (A) a Joinder Agreement, 132 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (B) a joinder to the Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A thereto, (C) an acknowledgment to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Annex A thereto, (D) subject to the applicable limitations set forth in this Section 5.10, Security Documents in respect of the Collateral in the relevant jurisdictions outside of the United States, or, with respect to Single Lien Collateral (defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement), new agreements, or amendments, amendments and restatements, supplements or other modifications to Single Lien Security Documents (as defined in the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement) in respect of such Single Lien Collateral, (E) a perfection certificate for such Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary substantially in the form of the Perfection Certificate delivered on the Closing Date, and (F) all filings and other documents required by such Security Documents (including any Single Lien Security Documents) to create or perfect (to the extent required by such Security Documents) the security interests for the benefit of the Secured Parties in the Collateral of such Wholly- Owned Restricted Subsidiary. The Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to cause any Subsidiary that is not otherwise required to be a Guarantor to become a Guarantor (and no 60-day period described in the foregoing sentence shall apply to such Subsidiary). (b) From and after the Closing Date, and subject to the applicable time periods, limitations and exceptions set forth in the Security Documents and this Agreement (including the limitations and exceptions in this Section 5.10), if the Borrower or any Guarantor acquires any Property or asset that would constitute Collateral (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include any Excluded Assets), the Borrower or such Guarantor must grant a first-priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) upon any such Collateral, as security for the Obligations within 90 days of such acquisition (subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent); provided that, the FLNG2 Subsidiaries and each of their direct parents shall, at all times subject to Section 5.12, grant a first priority security interest (subject to only Permitted Liens described in clauses (a)(i), (a)(ii), (b), (c)(i), (c)(ii), (mm)(I), (rr), (ss) and (uu) of the definition thereof) upon the FLNG2 Collateral as security for the Super Priority Obligations; provided, further, that, the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain consents to the collateral assignment from the Material Project Counterparties in respect of any documents identified as Material Project Documents after the Closing Date and, to the extent any such consent to collateral assignment has been obtained, such consent to collateral assignment shall be in full force and effect. (c) Subject to the applicable terms of the Security Documents and any Intercreditor Agreements, within 90 days after the acquisition by any Loan Party of any Material Real Estate Asset (or within 90 days after the acquisition of a Person that becomes a Loan Party and that owns any Material Real Estate Asset) (in each case, other than any Excluded Asset) (or as soon as practicable thereafter using commercially reasonable efforts, but subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent), the Borrower shall cause such Loan Party to (i) execute, deliver and record a Mortgage with respect thereto, (ii) deliver a fully paid extended coverage policy or policies of title insurance (or executed proforma therefor) from a national title insurance company with respect to such Material Real Estate Asset in an amount not to exceed 100.0 of the Fair Market Value of the such Material Real Estate Asset, as reasonably determined by the Borrower, naming the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties as the insured, insuring such Mortgage to be a valid first priority Lien on the real property described therein, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens and containing reasonable and customary endorsements (each, a Title Policy ), (iii) deliver legal opinions of local counsel or Borrower s counsel with respect to enforceability of such Mortgage and other customary matters; (iv) deliver an existing or new ALTA survey of such Material Real Estate Asset or with such affidavits as shall be sufficient for the title insurance company to delete the standard survey exception in the applicable Title Policy; and (v) deliver an updated perfection certificate; it being understood and agreed that with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset 133 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW owned by any Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Guarantor under this Agreement, such Material Real Estate Asset shall be deemed to have been acquired by such Restricted Subsidiary on the first day of the time period within which such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Guarantor under this Agreement. (d) Subject to the applicable terms of the Security Documents and any Intercreditor Agreements, and to the extent not otherwise constituting Excluded Assets, after the acquisition by any Loan Party of any tanker or other marine vessel with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million, the Borrower, as soon as practicable thereafter using commercially reasonable efforts, shall cause such Loan Party to (i) execute, deliver and record a Ship Mortgage with respect thereto; (ii) deliver customary legal opinions of admiralty counsel; and (iii) deliver an updated perfection certificate; it being understood and agreed that with respect to any tanker or other marine vessel with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million owned by any Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Guarantor under this Agreement, such tanker or other marine vessel shall be deemed to have been acquired by such Restricted Subsidiary on the first day of the time period within which such Restricted Subsidiary is required to become a Guarantor under this Agreement. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the extent that the Lien on any Collateral is not or cannot be created and/or perfected on the Closing Date (other than (a) by the execution and delivery of the Security Agreement by the Borrower and the Guarantors and (b) a Lien on Collateral that is of the type that may be perfected by the filing of a financing statement in the United States under the UCC), the Borrower shall take all necessary actions to create and/or perfect such Lien pursuant to arrangements to be mutually agreed between the Borrower and the Collateral Agent acting reasonably, including those Post-Closing Actions set forth on Schedule 5.12. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, it is understood and agreed that: (i) the Collateral Agent may waive or grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining Mortgages, policies of title insurance, legal opinions, surveys, appraisals or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Guarantee by any Restricted Subsidiary; (ii) (1) perfection by control shall not be required with respect to assets requiring perfection through control agreements or other control arrangements, including(other than Deposit Accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts (other than as specified in Section 5.25, and control or possession of pledged Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) that constitute Collateral) and (2) no blocked account agreement, deposit account control agreement or similar agreement shall be required for any Deposit Account, securities account or commodities account (other than as may be expressly required pursuant to Section 5.14(f) and 6.12); (iii) the Collateral Agent will only be authorized to take actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction to create security interests in assets located or titled outside of the U.S. or to perfect or make enforceable any security interests in any such assets as follows: (1) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Barbados as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares and debentures under the Laws of Barbados and any customary filings associated therewith; 134 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (2) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Bermuda as of the Closing Date, a share charge under the Laws of Bermuda and any customary filings associated therewith; (3) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Ireland as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares under the laws of Ireland and any customary filings associated therewith; (4) with respect to Equity Interests and Collateral located in Jamaica as of the Closing Date, (i) a composite debenture creating charges over Collateral, (ii) three share charges by Barbadian parents over shares in four Jamaican subsidiaries, (iii) a share charge by a United States parent over shares in a Jamaican subsidiary and (iv) two mortgages over certain real property interests under the Laws of Jamaica (and Barbados, as applicable, with respect to the charges over shares), and any customary filings associated therewith; (5) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Mexico as of the Closing Date, equity interests pledge agreements and non-possessory pledge agreements under the Laws of Mexico, and any customary filings associated therewith; (6) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Luxembourg as of the Closing Date, a pledge of shares and pledge on receivables and accounts under the Laws of Luxembourg, and any customary filings associated therewith; (7) with respect to Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Nicaragua as of the Closing Date, movable pledge over a Power Purchase Agreement under the laws of Nicaragua, and any customary filings associated therewith; (8) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors located in Puerto Rico as of the Closing Date, a mortgage note pledge and security agreement and filing of the applicable financing statement before the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico Department of State s Secured Transactions Registry and any customary filings associated therewith; (9) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Guarantors incorporated in England and Wales as of the Closing Date, a charge over shares and debentures under the Laws of England and Wales and any customary filings associated therewith; and (10) with respect to Equity Interests in, and Collateral owned by, Foreign Subsidiaries that become Guarantors after the Closing Date, only such share pledges, debentures and similar instruments as are substantially consistent with those described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (10), as applicable. (f) No actions shall be required to perfect a security interest in (1) any vehicle, tanker, marine vessel, ISO container or other asset subject to a certificate of title, other than tankers or other marine vessels with a value (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) in excess of 40.0 million, (2) letter- of-credit rights not constituting supporting obligations of other Collateral, (3) the Equity Interests of any 135 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Immaterial Subsidiary not constituting Collateral, (4) the Equity Interests of any Person that is not a Subsidiary or (5) commercial tort claims with a value of less than 40.0 million, except in the case of each of clauses (1) through (5), perfection actions limited solely to the filing of a UCC financing statement. (g) Subject to Section 5.12, the Borrower shall cause each Subsidiary (other than any Captive Insurance Subsidiaries, any FLNG1 Subsidiary (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof), any not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiaries and any Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee by it of the Obligations would result in material adverse tax consequences to any Loan Party, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in writing) that is a guarantor or other obligor under any Existing Indenture and any other Equal Priority Obligations to become a Guarantor under this Agreement and satisfy the requirements of this Section 5.10, and the Borrower shall, and shall cause each Guarantor to, grant a first-priority perfected security interest upon any Property (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any real property, tankers, other marine vessels and cash or Cash Equivalents of any of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries, but excluding any cash or Cash Equivalents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that are not FLNG2 Subsidiaries) that constitutes collateral under any Existing Indenture and any other Equal Priority Obligations and satisfy the requirements of this Section 5.10 with regards to such Property, in each case substantially concurrently with (and in no event later than 90 days of) such Subsidiary becoming a guarantor under any Existing Indenture or any other Equal Priority Obligation and such Property becoming collateral under any Existing Indenture or any other Equal Priority Obligation (subject to extensions as are reasonably agreed by the Collateral Agent); provided that the requirement of this Section 5.10(g) to grant a first-priority perfected security interest in Property constituting collateral under any Existing Indenture or any other Equal Priority Obligation shall not apply to Property consisting of cash and Cash Equivalents that is an Excluded Asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that are not FLNG2 Subsidiaries (other than any Debt Service Reserve Account and any Project Costs Reserve Account).; provided further that in the event that the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower grants a security interest upon any property or assets and/or Equity Interests of NFE Brazil Investments LLC NFE Brazil ), any direct or indirect Subsidiary of NFE Brazil, or any property or assets owned by any of the foregoing and/or any other entities organized or doing business in Brazil, in each case, as of the First Amendment Effective Date and thereafter (the Brazilian Assets in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions (whether or not the Brazilian Assets are then owned by any Unrestricted Subsidiary and notwithstanding any exclusions from the collateral and guarantee requirements in the Loan Documents with respect to Unrestricted Subsidiaries), the Borrower shall or shall cause the owner of such Brazilian Assets to take all actions necessary to vest in the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected second-priority Lien in such Brazilian Assets as security for the Obligations, subject to an intercreditor agreement with the holders of the Indebtedness under the 2024 Financing Transactions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Upon the granting of such Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Brazilian Assets shall be excluded from the definition of Excluded Assets and shall be deemed to be Collateral for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Loan Parties shall take all actions as required pursuant to Section 5.10 hereof to create, maintain, preserve, perfect or renew such Lien, including but not limited to promptly delivering local law pledges and perfection documentation, in each case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, in respect of any pledge or grant of a Lien upon the Brazilian Assets (including, without limitation, opinions of local counsel, organizational documents, and certificated equities, if applicable). Section 5.11 Further Assurances. From time to time execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional instruments, certificates or documents, and take such actions, as the Collateral Agent may, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, reasonably request for the purposes of more fully creating, maintaining, preserving, perfecting or renewing the Liens granted in favor 136 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW of (together with the other rights of) the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral (or with respect to any additions thereto or replacements or proceeds thereof or with respect to any other property or assets hereafter acquired by any Loan Party which are required to become part of the Collateral pursuant to Section 5.10) pursuant hereto or thereto. Upon the exercise by the Collateral Agent of any power, right, privilege or remedy pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents which requires any consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization of any Governmental Authority, the Borrower will execute and deliver, or will cause the execution and delivery of, all applications, certifications, instruments and other documents and papers that the Collateral Agent may be reasonably required to obtain from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for such governmental consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization. Section 5.12 Post-Closing Covenants. The Borrower shall, and shall cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to, take the actions set forth on Schedule 5.12 (the Post-Closing Actions within the time periods specified therein (it being understood that (i) no Foreign Subsidiary shall be required to enter into any Loan Document and (ii) the Borrower and its subsidiaries shall not be required to enter into any Loan Documents governed by the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States, in each case, until 90 days after the Closing Date (subject to extensions, and exceptions as to scope of foreign security and perfection requirements, as are reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, in each case as applicable)). Section 5.13 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Loans only for those purposes set forth in Section 3.16. Section 5.14 Debt Service Reserve Account. (a) On or prior to the Completion Date, the Borrower shall establish a Deposit Account or securities account in the name of the Borrower and established by the Borrower with an Acceptable DSRA Bank (such account, the Debt Service Reserve Account ). From and after the Completion Date, the Debt Service Reserve Account shall be subject to a Control Agreement. (b) On (or prior to), and as a condition to the occurrence of, the Completion Date, the Borrower shall cause the Debt Service Reserve Account to be funded in an amount equal to not less than the Debt Service Reserve Amount. (c) After the Completion Date, if the sum of the aggregate Drawing Amount under all DSR Letters of Credit (if any) and funds on deposit in or credited to the Debt Service Reserve Account is less than the Debt Service Reserve Amount (a DSRA Deficiency ), the Borrower shall cause funds to be deposited into the Debt Service Reserve Account until such time a DSRA Deficiency no longer exists; provided that, (i) the Borrower shall only be required to cause such funds to be deposited into the Debt Service Reserve Account to the extent it has funds available for such purpose (taking into account any obligations then due and payable by the Borrower or reasonably expected by the Borrower to be due and payable within the next thirty (30) days), and (ii) any failure of the Borrower to fund the Debt Service Reserve Account as a result of unavailable funds shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default hereunder. (d) Amounts on deposit in or credited to the Debt Service Reserve Account to satisfy the requirement to fund the Debt Service Reserve Amount may be funded (or replaced) from time to time by one or more letters of credit issued by an Acceptable DSRA Bank naming the Borrower as the applicant under such letter of credit (any such letter of credit, a DSR Letter of Credit ). 137 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (e) Funds on deposit in the Debt Service Reserve Account shall be used by the Borrower to pay interest in respect of the Initial Term Loans if the Borrower does not otherwise have sufficient funds available to make such payments. In addition, if (i) any DSR Letter of Credit is then in effect and (ii) the Borrower does not have sufficient funds available to pay interest in respect of the Initial Term Loans, the Borrower may direct the Administrative Agent to make a drawing on such DSR Letter of Credit in an amount as may be necessary to pay such interest. Neither the use of funds in the Debt Service Reserve Account, nor the making of any drawing on a DSR Letter of Credit, to pay interest on the Initial Term Loans shall be, or result in, a Default or Event of Default. Section 5.15 Material Project Documents. The Borrower shall, and shall cause each FLNG2 Subsidiary to, (a) take all reasonable and necessary action to prevent the termination or cancellation of any Material Project Document in accordance with the terms of such Material Project Document (except for the expiration of any Major Project Contract in accordance with its terms and not as a result of a breach or default thereunder), (b) perform all of its material contractual obligations under the Material Project Documents by which it is bound and (c) enforce against the relevant Material Project Counterparty to such Material Project Document each covenant or obligation in such Material Project Document in accordance with its terms in all material respects. Section 5.16 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall conduct their businesses in compliance in all material respects with applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws, the FCPA and material applicable anti-corruption laws and the Loan Parties shall maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve material compliance with such laws and applicable Sanctions. Section 5.17 Construction Progress Reports. Prior to the Completion Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly deliver to the Lenders) and the Independent Engineer (within thirty days after the end of each calendar quarter): (a) to the extent provided to a FLNG2 Subsidiary by a Material Project Counterparty, a copy of any construction reports provided to the FLNG2 Subsidiaries under the EPC Contracts and the MSA; and (b) an updated Construction Budget and Schedule based on assumptions materially consistent with the Closing Base Case Model Assumptions, showing achievement of applicable milestones, cash spend to date in respect of Project Costs, details of any expected delays to achievement of the Completion Date and details of any material deviations from the Construction Budget and Schedule delivered for the previous period. Section 5.18 IE Construction Progress Reports. Prior to the Completion Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (within sixty days after the end of each calendar quarter) a report of the Independent Engineer which shall set forth: (a) the estimated date on which the technical requirements of the conditions to the occurrence of Completion Date are expected to be achieved; (b) the Borrower s estimate of overall completion status of the Project at the end of the subject quarter together with the Independent Engineer s observations on same; (c) the status of construction progress under each applicable Material Project Document and the proposed construction schedule for the following 90 days of the Project, including a 138 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW description, as compared with the then current Construction Budget and Schedule, of the status of engineering, procurement, construction, commissioning and testing; (d) updates to the status of the Required Permits and any Project Leasehold or Concession, including the dates of applications submitted or to be submitted and the anticipated dates of actions by Governmental Authorities with respect to such Required Permits or Project Leasehold or Concession. Section 5.19 E S Reports; Compliance Notices. Within thirty days following each June 30 and December 31 to occur after the Closing Date (commencing with December 31, 2024), the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a semi-annual environmental and social report (each, an E S Report prepared by the Environmental and Social Consultant addressing substantially the same matters contemplated by the report delivered by the Environmental and Social Consultant pursuant to Section 4.1(k). Each E S Report shall document material compliance with (i) the Environmental and Social Management Plan and the Equator Principles Action Plan (if applicable) each as defined in the Equator Principles and (ii) Principle 3 of the Equator Principles. The Borrower shall cause each FLNG2 Subsidiary, promptly after obtaining knowledge of the same but no later than 15 Business Days therefrom, give notice to the Administrative Agent of any failure to comply with any applicable material provision of the Equator Principles, Environmental Law or the applicable Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development guidelines pertaining to environmental matters in respect of the Project. Section 5.20 Annual Operating Budgets. No later than December 1 of each calendar year from and including the calendar year in which the Completion Date occurs, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Independent Engineer a draft annual operating budget based on assumptions materially consistent with the Closing Base Case Model Assumptions, for each subsequent year of operation prior to the Maturity Date. Prior to adopting such operating budget, the Borrower shall reasonably consider any comments thereto provided by the Independent Engineer (in consultation with the Administrative Agent). Section 5.21 Operating ReportsOperating Reports. Following the Completion Date, within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, deliver to the Administrative Agent and Independent Engineer an operating report in respect of the most recently ended calendar quarter in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Independent Engineer). Section 5.22 Lender Meetings. Within 15 Business Days of each required delivery of financial statements referred to in Section 5.1(a) and Section 5.1(b), beginning with the delivery for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2024, the Borrower shall participate in a meeting of the Administrative Agent and Lenders to be held via a conference call or other teleconference at such times as may be reasonably agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Section 5.23 Lender Advisor. The Borrower consents to and shall promptly (and in any event, within five (5) Business Days of written request from the Administrative Agent) pay all documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of any financial advisor retained by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent (the Lender Advisor solely to the extent such Lender Advisor is not duplicative of the financial advisor retained by or on behalf of the administrative agent under the Revolving Credit Facility; provided, that the fees and expenses paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.23 plus any fees and expenses incurred by the administrative agent under the Revolving Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 5.16 of the Revolving Credit Agreement (as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date) and incurred by the administrative agent under the LC Facility pursuant to Section 5.16 of the LC Facility (as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date), collectively, shall not exceed 3,500,000 in the aggregate; provided, 139 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW however, that if the 2024 Financing Transactions are not consummated on or prior to October 26, 2024, the fees and expenses paid by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.23 shall not exceed 6,500,000 in the aggregate. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall promptly cooperate with the Administrative Agent and the Lender Advisor upon written request with respect to reasonable requests for due diligence, access to management, and financial, operating, and other information, including, without limitation, relating to deliverables, documentation, and other reporting and/or updates related to the occurrence of the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event and its liquidity. Section 5.24 13-Week Forecasts. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lender Advisor, for prompt distribution to the Lenders, beginning on October 10, 2024, and bi-weekly on every other Thursday thereafter until June 30, 2025 (each such two-week period, a Forecasting Period ), (a) a weekly cash flow forecast covering the 13-week period following the end of each Forecasting Period (the 13-Week Forecast ), which 13-Week Forecast and any amendments thereto shall reflect, for the periods covered thereby, projected weekly disbursements, cash receipts, and ending cash for each week covered by the 13-Week Forecast on a line item basis in form reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (b) a variance report for the Forecasting Period with a narrative description of any material variances on a line item basis and setting forth on a line-item basis the aggregate amount of payments made and receipts received during such period, each along with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to the effect that such 13-Week Forecast reflects the Borrower s good faith projection of all weekly cash receipts and disbursements and ending balance of available cash (as of the last Business Day of each week). The 13-Week Forecast shall be in form and scope reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Additionally, concurrently with the delivery of any cashflow reporting pursuant to documentation governing any Secured Notes Obligations (or pursuant to documentation related to any refinancing, replacement, or exchange thereof), the Borrower shall furnish such cashflow reporting to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Section 5.25 Control Agreements. (a) Within five (5) Business Days of the First Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a schedule setting forth each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (including any Excluded Accounts) of each Loan Party existing as of the First Amendment Effective Date and identifying the status of each such account as an Excluded Account or not an Excluded Account, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as being true, accurate, and complete as of the date of such delivery and confirming that no additional Deposit Account(s), securities account(s), or commodities account(s) have been opened since the First Amendment Effective Date. (b) With respect to each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts) of each Loan Party existing as of the schedule delivered pursuant to Section 5.25(a), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, the Borrower shall within sixty (60) days of the First Amendment Effective Date (which date may be extended by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion), deliver a Control Agreement to the Common Representative for each such Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts) of each Loan Party, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Subject to the first sentence of this Section 5.25(b), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, at all times, each Deposit Account, securities account, and commodities account (other than Excluded Accounts) established and/or maintained by each Loan Party must be subject to a Control Agreement except as otherwise agreed by the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion. 140 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (c) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby grants a security interest to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in all any cash or Cash Equivalents, Deposit Account, commodities account or securities account (including securities entitlements and related assets, to secure the Obligations, and the foregoing shall constitute Collateral, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document. Section 5.26 2024 Financing Transactions. The Borrower shall have consummated the 2024 Financing Transactions on or prior to November 14, 2024. SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS The Borrower agrees that, so long as the Termination Conditions are not satisfied: Section 6.1 Limitation on Restricted Payments. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to directly or indirectly: (i) declare or pay any dividend or make any payment or distribution on account of the Borrower s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries Equity Interests, including any dividend or distribution payable in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation other than: (A) dividends, payments or distributions by the Borrower payable solely in Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or in options, warrants or other rights to purchase Qualified Capital Stock; or (B) dividends, payments or distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any dividend, payment or distribution payable on or in respect of any class or series of securities issued by a Restricted Subsidiary other than a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata share of such dividend, payment or distribution in accordance with its Equity Interests in such class or series of securities; (ii) redeem, purchase, repurchase, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of the Borrower, including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation, in each case, held by a Person other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; (iii) make any principal payment on, or redeem, purchase, repurchase, defease, discharge or otherwise acquire or retire for value, in each case, prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, any Subordinated Indebtedness (such payment and other actions described in the foregoing (subject to the exceptions in clauses (A) and (B) below), Restricted Debt Payments ), other than: (A) Indebtedness permitted to be incurred or issued under Section 6.3(b)(iii); or 141 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (B) the prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or acquisition or retirement; or (iv) make any Restricted Investment, (all such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above (other than any exceptions thereto) being collectively referred to as Restricted Payments ), unless, at the time of such Restricted Payment: (1) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof; (2) such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Issue Date pursuant to this clause (2), is less than the sum of (without duplication): (A) [reserved]; plus (B) 50.0 of the cumulative Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower for each fiscal quarter (if greater than zero for such quarter) commencing on July 1, 2020 to the end of the most recent fiscal quarter, or in the case such cumulative Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, minus 100 of such deficit; plus (C) the sum of (x) the amount of any cash capital contribution to the common equity capital of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, plus (y) the cash proceeds received by the Borrower from any issuance of Qualified Capital Stock (including Treasury Capital Stock, and other than any Designated Preferred Stock or Refunding Capital Stock) of the Borrower after the Issue Date, plus (z) the Fair Market Value of Cash Equivalents, marketable securities or other property received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a capital contribution to the common equity capital of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, or that becomes part of the common equity capital of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of any consolidation, merger or similar transaction with the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (in each case, other than any amount (A) constituting an Excluded Contribution, (B) received from the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (C) consisting of any loan or advance made pursuant to clause (h)(i) of the definition of Permitted Investments received as cash equity by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (D) used to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(i)(B) or (xxix)(1), in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time or (E) used to 142 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW incur Indebtedness or issue Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xviii)); plus (D) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from the incurrence after the Issue Date of any Indebtedness or from the issuance after the Issue Date of any Disqualified Stock, in each case, of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness owed or Disqualified Stock issued to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) that has been converted into or exchanged for Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time; plus (E) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time in connection with the disposition to any Person (other than the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of any Investment made pursuant to this clause (2); plus (F) [reserved]; plus (G) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the amount of any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to this clause (2) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been re- designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated, wound up or dissolved into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (equal to the lesser of (1) the Fair Market Value of the Investment of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of such re- designation or merger, consolidation or amalgamation and (2) the Fair Market Value of the original Investments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of original Investments made in cash, the Fair Market Value thereof shall be such cash value), (B) the Fair Market Value of the assets of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed or otherwise distributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made after the Issue Date pursuant to this clause (2) and (C) the net proceeds of any disposition of any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including the issuance or sale of the Equity Interests thereof) received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, during the period from and including the day immediately following the Issue Date through and including such time; plus (H) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA and without duplication of any dividends, distributions or other Returns or similar amounts included in the calculation of any basket or other provision of this Agreement (and other than any amount that has previously been applied 143 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW as an Excluded Contribution), dividends, distributions or other Returns received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from an Unrestricted Subsidiary or joint ventures or Investments in entities that are not Restricted Subsidiaries; and provided that, for the avoidance of duplication, any item or amount that increases the amount of Excluded Contributions shall not also increase the amount available under this clause (2); and (3) Immediately after giving effect to such transaction on a pro forma basis, the Borrower could incur 1.00 of additional Indebtedness under Section 6.3(a)(IV). (b) Section 6.1(a) shall not prohibit any of the following: (i) any dividends, payments or distributions related to the Borrower s publicly announced expected spin-off of its green hydrogen division, referred to by the Borrower as Zero (ii) any payments by the Borrower to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member thereof) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of the foregoing (or any options, warrants, profits interests, restricted stock units or equity appreciation rights or other equity-linked interests issued with respect to any of such Equity Interests), in each case pursuant to any management, director, employee, consultant and/or advisor equity plan or equity option plan, equity appreciation rights plan, or any other management, director, employee, consultant and/or advisor benefit plan or agreement or any equity subscription or equityholder agreement, any employment termination agreement or any other employment agreement or equityholders or similar agreement: (1) with cash and Cash Equivalents (and including, to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, amounts paid in respect of Indebtedness issued to evidence any obligation to repurchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire or retire for value the Equity Interests of the Borrower held by any future, present or former employee, director, member of management, officer, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any of the foregoing), including any Equity Interests rolled over by management, directors, employees or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any corporate transaction; provided that the aggregate amount of all such Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (ii)(1) in any fiscal year shall not exceed the greater of 160.0 million and 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, which, if not used in such fiscal year, may be carried forward to succeeding fiscal years in an amount which shall not exceed the greater of 50.0 million and 3.0 of Consolidated EBITDA the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 144 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (2) with the proceeds of any sale or issuance of the Equity Interests of the Borrower (to the extent such proceeds have not otherwise been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments by virtue of clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or are not an Excluded Contribution) to employees, directors, officers or consultants of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries that occurs after the Closing Date; (3) with the net proceeds of any key-man life insurance policy; or (4) the amount of any cash bonuses otherwise payable to future, present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are foregone in exchange for the receipt of Equity Interests of the Borrower pursuant to any compensation arrangement, including any deferred compensation plan; provided further, that cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any future, present or former employees, directors, officers, managers, members, partners, independent contractors or consultants (or their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Section 6.1 or any other provision of this Agreement; (iii) Restricted Payments that are made (1) in an amount that does not exceed the aggregate amount of Excluded Contributions received following the Issue Date and (2) without duplication of clause (1), in an amount that does not exceed the aggregate net cash proceeds from any sale, conveyance, transfer or disposition of, or distribution in respect of, Investments acquired after the Issue Date, to the extent the acquisition of such Investments was financed in reliance on clause (1); (iv) Restricted Payments (1) to make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares or interests in connection with any share dividend, share split or share combination or any acquisition or Investment (or other similar transaction) or the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (2) consisting of (A) repurchases of Equity Interests in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible with or exchangeable for Equity Interests or upon the vesting of any profits interests, restricted stock units or similar incentive interests, and (B) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable by any future, present or former officer, director, employee, member of management, manager, member, partner, independent contractor and/or consultant (or any of their respective Immediate Family Members) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or in lieu of repurchases described in the foregoing clause (A); (v) repurchases of Equity Interests upon the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests or upon the vesting of any profits interests, restricted stock units or similar incentive interests, in each case if such Equity Interests represent all or a portion of the exercise price of such warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests as part of a cashless exercise upon such exercise or vesting, as applicable; 145 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (vi) [reserved]; (vii) the declaration and payment of regular quarterly dividends or distributions, including the initial dividend or distribution following the Closing Date, to holders of the Borrower s common equity, in each case to the extent approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower in good faith prior to September 1, 2024; (viii) (1) Restricted Payments to (A) redeem, repurchase, retire, defease, discharge or otherwise acquire any Equity Interests Treasury Capital Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary, including any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of a sale or issuance (other than to the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary) of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower that is made within 120 days of such sale or issuance to the extent any such proceeds are received by or contributed to the capital of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Qualified Capital Stock after the Issue Date Refunding Capital Stock and (B) declare and pay dividends on any Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of such sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) of any Refunding Capital Stock or (2) if immediately prior to the retirement of Treasury Capital Stock, the declaration and payment of dividends thereon was permitted under Section 6.1(b)(xvii), the declaration and payment of dividends on the Refunding Capital Stock in an aggregate amount per fiscal year no greater than the aggregate amount of dividends per annum that were declarable and payable on such Treasury Capital Stock immediately prior to such retirement; (ix) to the extent constituting a Restricted Payment, the making or consummation of any Asset Sale or Disposition not constituting an Asset Sale pursuant to the exclusions from the definition thereof or transaction in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.5(b) (other than pursuant to clause (iv) of such paragraph); (x) so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) then exists or would result therefrom, additional Restricted Payments; provided that the aggregate amount of all such Restricted Payments made and then outstanding pursuant to this clause (x) shall not exceed 80.0 million; (xi) so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) then exists or would result therefrom, additional Restricted Payments so long as the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis at the time of the determination thereof, would not exceed 2.00 to 1.00; (xii) the distribution, by dividend or otherwise, or other transfer or disposition of Equity Interests of, or Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (or any Restricted Subsidiary that owns one or more Unrestricted Subsidiaries and no other material assets), other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries the primary assets of which are cash and Cash Equivalents; (xiii) payments or distributions (1) to satisfy dissenters or appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto (including any accrued interest), (2) made in connection with working capital adjustments or purchase price adjustments or (3) made in connection with the satisfaction of indemnity and other similar obligations, in each case pursuant to or in 146 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW connection with any acquisition, other Investment, disposition or consolidation, amalgamation, merger or transfer of assets that is not prohibited under this Agreement; (xiv) Restricted Payments constituting fixed dividend payments in respect of Disqualified Stock incurred in accordance with Section 6.3 to the extent such Restricted Payments are included in the calculation of Fixed Charges; (xv) the declaration and payment of regular dividends or distributions to holders of Golar LNG Partners LP s Preferred Stock for so long as such Preferred Stock is outstanding, provided that the amount of such dividends or distributions are not increased from the amounts of such dividends or distributions in effect on the Closing Date; (xvi) [Reserved]; (xvii) Restricted Payments consisting of (1) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued by the Borrower after the Issue Date, (2) the declaration and payment of dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock in excess of the dividends declarable and payable thereon pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(viii); provided, however, that, in the case of each of sub-clause (1) and sub-clause (2) of this clause (xvii), at the date of issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock or the declaration of such dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock, after giving effect to such issuance or declaration on a pro forma basis, the Borrower would have had a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 2.00 to 1.00; (xviii) [Reserved]; (xix) distributions or payments of Receivables Fees and purchases of receivables in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing or any repurchase obligation in connection therewith; (xx) [Reserved]; (xxi) [Reserved]; (xxii) the making of any Restricted Payment within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof or the giving of irrevocable notice thereof, as applicable, if, at such date of declaration or the giving of such notice, such payment would have been permitted by any of the other clauses in this Section 6.1 (and any Restricted Payment made in reliance on this clause (xxii) shall also be deemed to have been made under such applicable clause, except for the purpose of testing the permissibility of such Restricted Payment on the date it is actually made); (xxiii) the prepayment, redemption, purchase, repurchase, defeasance, discharge or other acquisition or retirement of any Subordinated Indebtedness (1) in accordance with provisions similar to those set forth in Sections 4.10 and 4.14 of the Existing Indentures or (2) after completion of an Asset Sale Offer or Advance Offer, as applicable, from any Declined Proceeds (as each term is defined in the Existing Indentures); 147 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (xxiv) [Reserved]; (xxv) Restricted Debt Payments made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of, Refinancing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.3; (xxvi) any Restricted Debt Payments made as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payment; (xxvii) [Reserved]; (xxviii) [Reserved]; (xxix) (1) Restricted Debt Payments in exchange for, or with proceeds of any issuance of, Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower and/or any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (in each case, other than to or by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary), (2) Restricted Debt Payments as a result of the conversion of all or any portion of any Subordinated Indebtedness into Qualified Capital Stock of the Borrower and (3) to the extent constituting a Restricted Debt Payment, payment-in-kind interest with respect to any Subordinated Indebtedness that is permitted under Section 6.3; (xxx) [Reserved]; (xxxi) Restricted Debt Payments with respect to Subordinated Indebtedness assumed pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xv) (other than any such Subordinated Indebtedness incurred (x) to provide all or any portion of the funds utilized to consummate the transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was otherwise acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or (y) otherwise in connection with or in contemplation of such acquisition), so long as such Restricted Debt Payment is made or deposited with a trustee or other similar representative of the holders of such Subordinated Indebtedness contemporaneously with, or substantially simultaneously with, the closing of the transaction under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is assumed; and (xxxii) any mandatory redemption, repurchase, retirement, termination or cancellation of Disqualified Stock (to the extent treated as Indebtedness outstanding and/or incurred in compliance with Section 6.3). The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) will be the Fair Market Value on the relevant date of determination, in the case of a Subject Transaction, or the date of the Restricted Payment of the assets or securities proposed to be transferred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to the Restricted Payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, no Restricted Payment may be made using proceeds of the FEMA Make Whole. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.1, no FLNG2 Subsidiary may declare or pay any dividend or make any payment or distribution on account of its Equity Interests other than pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(i) hereof solely to the extent such dividend, payment or distribution is immediately applied to make a voluntary prepayment of the Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.10. (c) As of the Closing Date, NFE South Power Holdings Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Jamaica, and each of its Subsidiaries and NFE South Power Buyback 148 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Holdings Limited will be Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and all of the Borrower s other Subsidiaries will be Restricted Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to become a Restricted Subsidiary except pursuant to the second and third paragraphs of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary . Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement and will not guarantee the Obligations. No Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if, on the date of and after giving effect to such designation, such Unrestricted Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) would own (or hold an exclusive license with respect to) any Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG2 Collateral, no. No Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG2 Collateral may be transferred (including by way of an exclusive license) to an existing Unrestricted Subsidiary (or an Subsidiary thereof) and no Unrestricted Subsidiary (or any Subsidiary thereof) may, at any time, own (or hold an exclusive license with respect to) Material Intellectual Property or any FLNG2 Collateral; provided further the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of an exclusive license), contribution, dividend or other investment of any Material Intellectual Property to any entity other than a Loan Party. (d) Unrestricted Subsidiaries may use value transferred from the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to this Section 6.1 or in a Permitted Investment to purchase or otherwise acquire Indebtedness or Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Restricted Subsidiaries, and to transfer value to the holders of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or to Affiliates thereof, and such purchase, acquisition, or transfer will not be deemed to be a direct or indirect action by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries. (e) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary (for the avoidance of doubt, subject to Permitted Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.6(d)) and at all times prior to the Completion Date, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), contribution, dividend or other investment of (i) any assets that constitute Material Intellectual Property, FLNG2 Assets or any Reinvested Assets other than Immaterial FLNG2 Maintenance Transactions or (ii) any Equity Interests in any FLNG2 Subsidiaries or any Subsidiaries that own or exclusively license Material Intellectual Property to any entity other than a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor satisfies the requirements of Sections 5.10. Each FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be, directly or indirectly, 100 owned by the Borrower. Section 6.2 Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause to become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction which prohibits or limits the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to: (i) (1) pay dividends or make any other distributions to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor on its Equity Interests or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits, or (2) pay any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor; 149 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (ii) make loans or advances to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor; or (iii) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Guarantor. (b) The restrictions in Section 6.2(a) shall not apply to encumbrances or restrictions: (i) set forth in any agreement evidencing or governing (1) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.3 and any corresponding Organizational Documents of any such Restricted Subsidiary structured as a special purpose entity incurring such Indebtedness, (2) Secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Sections 6.3 and 6.6 if the relevant restriction applies only to the Person obligated under such Indebtedness and its Restricted Subsidiaries or the assets intended to secure such Indebtedness, (3) Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(a) and Sections 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (xiv), (xv) and (xvii) (as it relates to Indebtedness in respect of Section 6.3(a) and Sections 6.3(b)(i), (ii), (xiv), (xv), (xviii), (xxi), (xxv), (xli) and/or (xlii)), and Sections 6.3(b)(xv), (xxi), (xxv), (xxxix), (xli) and/or (xlii) and (4) any Permitted Receivables Financing solely with respect to the assets subject to such Permitted Receivables Financing; (ii) arising under customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers (including the granting of any Lien) contained in leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, joint venture agreements and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; (iii) that are or were created by virtue of any Lien granted upon, transfer of, agreement to transfer or grant of, any option or right with respect to any assets or Equity Interests not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; (iv) that are assumed in connection with any acquisition of property or the Equity Interests of any Person, so long as the relevant encumbrance or restriction relates solely to the Person and its Subsidiaries (including the Equity Interests of the relevant Person or Persons) and/or property so acquired and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition; (v) set forth in any agreement for any disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary (or all or substantially all of the assets thereof) that restricts the payment of dividends or other distributions or the making of cash loans or advances by such Restricted Subsidiary pending such disposition (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in no case relate to any of the FLNG2 Collateral); (vi) set forth in provisions in agreements or instruments that prohibit the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions with respect to any class of Equity Interests of a Person other than on a pro rata basis; (vii) imposed by customary provisions in partnership agreements, limited liability company agreements, joint venture agreements, other organizational and governance documents and other similar agreements; 150 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (viii) on cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by any Person under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of business or for whose benefit such cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions exist; (ix) set forth in documents that exist on the Closing Date, including pursuant to the Existing Notes, the Existing Note Guarantees, the Existing Notes Indentures, the Revolving Credit Agreement, the TLB Credit Agreement, the LC Facility, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and, in each case, related documentation and related Derivative Transactions; (x) (1) arising pursuant to an agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred after the Closing Date or (2) arising under customary separateness, bankruptcy remoteness and similar provisions included in governing or other documents related to entities structured as special purpose entities in anticipation of financing arrangements, acquisition of assets or similar transactions, in each case, if the relevant restrictions, taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) (A) are not materially less favorable to the holders than the restrictions contained in this Agreement, (B) generally represent market terms at the time of incurrence or structuring, as applicable, taken as a whole, or (C) would not, in the good faith determination of senior management of the Borrower, at the time of incurrence or structuring, as applicable, materially impair the Borrower s ability to pay the Obligations when due; (xi) arising under or as a result of applicable Requirements of Law or the terms of any license, authorization, concession or permit; (xii) arising in any Hedge Agreement and/or any agreement relating to Banking Services; (xiii) relating to any asset (or all of the assets) of and/or the Equity Interests of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary which is imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into in connection with any disposition of such asset (or assets) and/or all or a portion of the Equity Interests of the relevant Person that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement; (xiv) set forth in any agreement relating to any Permitted Lien that limits the right of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto; (xv) restrictions or conditions contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, sale or other agreement to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; provided that such agreement (i) prohibits the encumbrance of solely the property or assets of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary that are subject to such agreements, the payment rights arising thereunder or the proceeds thereof and does not extend to any other asset or property of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or the assets or property of another Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) would not, in the good faith of the Borrower, at the time such Indebtedness is incurred, materially impair the Borrower s ability to make payments under the Loan Documents when due; 151 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (xvi) any encumbrance or restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary that was previously an Unrestricted Subsidiary which encumbrance or restriction exists pursuant to or by reason of an agreement that such Subsidiary is a party to or entered into before the date on which such Subsidiary became or is redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such agreement was not entered into in anticipation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming or being redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary and any such encumbrance or restriction does not extend to any assets or property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary other than the assets and property of such Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries; and/or (xvii) imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (i) through (xvi) above; provided that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.2, (1) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior to dividends or liquidating distributions being paid on common stock shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make distributions on Equity Interests and (2) the subordination of (including the application of any standstill requirements to) loans and advances made to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to other Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make loans or advances. Section 6.3 Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise (collectively, incur and collectively, an incurrence with respect to any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) and the Borrower shall not issue any shares of Disqualified Stock and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any shares of Disqualified Stock or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to issue Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the Borrower may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) and issue shares of Disqualified Stock, and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), and issue shares of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, if (I) with respect to Indebtedness secured by Liens on the Collateral that have Equal Lien Priority relative to the Liens on the Collateral (including the FLNG2 Collateral) securing the Obligations, the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio does not exceed 2.65 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction), (II) with respect to Indebtedness secured by Liens on the Collateral that have Equal Lien Priority relative to the Liens on the Collateral (excluding the FLNG2 Collateral) securing the Obligations, the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio does not exceed 2.90 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction), (III) with respect to Indebtedness secured by Liens on the Collateral that have Junior Lien Priority relative to the Liens securing the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio does not exceed 4.70 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction), and (IV) in the case of any such Indebtedness that is unsecured or secured by assets that do not constitute Collateral (assuming, for purposes of this clause (IV) and future ratio calculations for so long as such Indebtedness remains 152 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW outstanding, that such assets constitute Collateral), the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio does not exceed 4.85 to 1.00 (whether or not incurred in connection with an acquisition, Investment or other similar transaction), in each case, calculated on a pro forma basis, including the application of the proceeds thereof (without netting the cash proceeds thereof), and in the case of any revolving Indebtedness, assuming a full drawing of such revolving Indebtedness; provided, that the amount of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock that may be incurred or issued, as applicable, pursuant to the foregoing by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors, together with any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, shall not exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of 485.0 million and 30 of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended, as of the date on which such Indebtedness is incurred (Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock incurred pursuant to this clause (a), the Ratio Debt provided, further, that: (i) no Event of Default exists immediately prior to or after giving effect to the Incurrence of such Ratio Debt, (ii) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity applicable to any such Ratio Debt (other than customary bridge loans; provided, that any Indebtedness which is exchanged for or otherwise replaces such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (ii)) that is secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations is no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Initial Term Loans (without giving effect to any amortization or prepayments thereof), (iii) the final maturity date with respect to any such Ratio Debt (other than customary bridge loans; provided, that any Indebtedness which is exchanged for or otherwise replaces such bridge loans shall be subject to the requirements of this clause (iii)) (x) that is secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations shall be no earlier than the Maturity Date with respect to the Initial Term Loans and (y) that is unsecured or secured by Liens on the Collateral junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations shall be no earlier than the date that is 91 days following the Maturity Date with respect to the Initial Term Loans, (iv) Ratio Debt that is unsecured or secured by Liens on the Collateral junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations shall not have any scheduled amortization prior to the date that is 91 days following the Maturity Date with respect to the Initial Term Loans; (v) subject to clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv), may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by Borrower and the lenders or holders providing such Ratio Debt; (vi) [reserved], (vii) to the extent such Ratio Debt is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu or junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations hereunder, a senior representative of such Ratio Debt acting on behalf of the lenders or holders of such Ratio Debt shall have become party to or otherwise subject to the provisions of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable; 153 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (viii) no such Ratio Debt incurred pursuant to clauses (a)(I), (II) or (III) above may be (x) guaranteed by any person which is not a Loan Party or (y) secured by any assets other than the Collateral; (ix) (x) any Ratio Debt secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Initial Term Loans may share ratably or less than ratably (but not more than ratably) in any mandatory prepayments of the Term Loans hereunder, except for prepayments in connection with a refinancing of such Ratio Debt and (y) any Ratio Debt that is unsecured or secured by Liens on the Collateral junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Initial Term Loans shall not require any mandatory prepayments except to the extent such prepayments are first offered ratably to holders of the Term Loans hereunder and to holders of any Ratio Debt secured by Liens on the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Initial Term Loans, except for prepayments in connection with a refinancing of such Ratio Debt. (b) The provisions of Section 6.3(a) shall not apply to: (i) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents; (ii) the Indebtedness represented by (v) the LC Facility up to an amount not to exceed 350,000,000, (w) the Existing Notes (including any Existing Note Guarantee thereof) outstanding on the Closing Date, (x) the Revolving Credit Agreement up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 1,000,000,000, (y) the TLB Credit Agreement up to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed (1) 856,000,000 plus (2) the amount of any incremental facility permitted to be incurred under the TLB Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Incremental Cap (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) and (z) Indebtedness with respect to any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) and any Refinancing Equivalent Debt (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof); (iii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower issued or owing to any Restricted Subsidiary and/or of any Restricted Subsidiary issued or owing to the Borrower and/or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Guarantor owing to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations (but only to the extent any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is outstanding at any time after the date that is 30 days after the Closing Date and thereafter only to the extent permitted by applicable law and not giving rise to material adverse tax consequences); (iv) Indebtedness in respect of Permitted Receivables Financings in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any one time outstanding the greater of 405,000,000 and 25 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination; (v) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock (1) arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn out or similar obligations (including contingent earn out obligations), in each case, 154 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW incurred, issued or assumed in connection with any disposition, any acquisition or Investment permitted under this Agreement or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Equity Interests, and (2) arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement described in the foregoing subclause (1), other than guarantees of Indebtedness incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition; (vi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary (1) pursuant to tenders, statutory obligations, bids, leases, governmental contracts, trade contracts, surety, completion, stay, customs, appeal, performance and/or return of money bonds or other similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including relating to any litigation not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(6)) and (2) in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments to support any of the foregoing items; (vii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Banking Services (including Indebtedness owed on a short-term basis to banks and other financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm that arises in connection with ordinary banking arrangements to manage cash balances of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) and incentive, supplier finance or similar programs; (viii) (1) guaranties by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of the obligations of suppliers, customers and licensees in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, (2) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in respect of obligations of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services, and (3) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, bank guaranties or similar instruments supporting trade payables, warehouse receipts or similar facilities entered into in the ordinary course of business, and consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (ix) guarantees of Indebtedness by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or other obligations not prohibited by this Agreement; (x) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary existing, or pursuant to commitments existing on the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness described in clause (i) or (ii) above); (xi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds 155 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 485.0 million and 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination; (xii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of obligations owing under incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xiii) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (1) the financing of insurance premiums, (2) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm, and/or (3) obligations to reacquire assets or inventory in connection with customer financing arrangements in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xiv) Indebtedness (including with respect to Financing Leases and purchase money Indebtedness), Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance or refinance the acquisition, construction, lease, expansion, development, design, installation, repair, replacement, relocation, renewal, maintenance, upgrade or improvement of property (real or personal), equipment or any other asset (whether through the direct purchase of property, equipment or other assets or Equity Interests of any Person owning such property, equipment or other assets); provided that such incurrence or issuance is in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the Borrower s past practice, used to purchase assets that are used directly or indirectly to produce, transport or deliver liquefied natural gas or power to customers (including tugs, iso containers, turbines, regasification equipment, ancillary equipment useful to ensure the proper functioning of this equipment) and is prior to, at the time of or within 270 days after the completion of such acquisition, construction, lease, expansion, development, installation, repair, replacement, relocation, renewal, maintenance, upgrade or improvement; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred in any fiscal year pursuant to this clause (xiv) shall not exceed an amount equal to the greater of 405.0 million and 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA (measured for the last day of the Test Period then most recently ended at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness); (xv) (1) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance an acquisition or Investment in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any one time outstanding the greater of 405,000,000 and 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination or (2) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of Persons that are acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or merged into, amalgamated with or consolidated with the Borrower or a 156 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including designating an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary) or that are assumed in connection with an acquisition of assets to the extent that such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock were not made in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation; (xvi) Indebtedness issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any shareholder of the Borrower or any future, current or former director, officer, employee, member of management, manager, member, partner, independent contractor or consultant (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Borrower permitted under Section 6.1; (xvii) the incurrence or issuance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued in exchange for or as a replacement of (including by entering into alternative financing arrangements in respect of such exchange or replacement (in whole or in part), by adding or replacing lenders, creditors, agents, Borrower and/or guarantors, or, after the original instrument giving rise to such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock has been terminated, by entering into any credit agreement, loan agreement, note purchase agreement, indenture or other agreement), or the net proceeds of which are to be used for the purpose of modifying, extending, refinancing, renewing, replacing, redeeming, repurchasing, defeasing, acquiring, amending, supplementing, restructuring, repaying, prepaying, retiring, extinguishing or refunding (collectively, refinance with refinances , refinanced and refinancing having a correlative meaning) any Indebtedness (or unutilized commitment in respect of Indebtedness), Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued as permitted under the first paragraph of this Section 6.3 or any of clauses (i), (ii), (x), (xi), (xiv), (xv), (xvii), (xviii), (xxi), (xxv), (xxxvi), (xli) and (xlii) of this Section 6.3(b) (in any case, including any refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof, Refinancing Indebtedness and such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being refinanced, the Refinanced Indebtedness and any subsequent Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided that: (1) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Refinanced Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of such refinancing, except by (A) an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest, dividends and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus defeasance costs, underwriting discounts and other fees, commissions and expenses (including upfront fees, closing payments, original issue discount, initial yield payments and similar fees) incurred in connection with the relevant refinancing, (B) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized and letters of credit undrawn thereunder and (C) additional amounts permitted to be incurred pursuant to this Section 6.3 (provided that (1) any additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock referenced in this clause (C) satisfies the other applicable requirements of this clause (xvii) (with additional amounts incurred in reliance on this clause (C) constituting a utilization of the relevant basket or exception pursuant to which such additional amount is permitted) and (2) if such additional 157 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Indebtedness is secured, the Lien securing such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted pursuant to Section 6.6); (2) solely in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued under Section 6.3(b)(x), (A) such Refinancing Indebtedness either (1) has a final maturity the same as or later than (and, in the case of revolving Indebtedness, does not require mandatory commitment reductions, if any, prior to) or (2) requires no or nominal payments in cash (other than interest payments) prior to, in each case, the earlier of (x) the final maturity of the Refinanced Indebtedness and (y) the Maturity Date and (B) other than with respect to revolving Indebtedness, such Refinancing Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Refinanced Indebtedness (without giving effect to any amortization or prepayments in respect of such Refinanced Indebtedness); (3) such Refinancing Indebtedness shall not include: (A) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower; (B) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Guarantor; or (C) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Borrower or Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; (4) provided that, Refinancing Indebtedness may include Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors so long as any such Refinancing Indebtedness is secured by Liens on the FLNG1 Collateral (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement), and such Refinancing Indebtedness is used (i) first, to prepay all outstanding Indebtedness under the TLB Credit Agreement and (ii) second, to prepay or offer to repurchase outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and/or the 2025 Notes; (5) in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in respect of Indebtedness that is secured by Liens on the Collateral that are equal in priority (without regard to control of remedies) with the Obligations, such Refinancing Indebtedness ranks equal or junior in right of payment with the Obligations and is secured by Liens on the Collateral on an equal or junior priority basis with respect to the Obligations or is unsecured; provided that any such Refinancing Indebtedness that is (A) secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking on an equal priority basis (but without regard to control of remedies) with the Obligations shall be subject to an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or (B) secured by Liens on the Collateral ranking junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations shall be subject to a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement; provided further, that any Refinancing Indebtedness that is secured shall have 158 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW the same or junior Lien priority of such Indebtedness that was refinanced by such Refinancing Indebtedness; (xviii) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Guarantors; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xviii) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to 100.0 of the net proceeds received by the Borrower since immediately after the Issue Date from the issue or sale of Equity Interests of the Borrower or cash contributed to the capital of the Borrower (other than proceeds of Disqualified Stock or sales of Equity Interests to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) to the extent such net proceeds have not otherwise been applied to make Restricted Payments pursuant to clause (2) of Section 6.1(a) or to make Permitted Investments (other than Permitted Investments specified in any of clauses (a), (b) and (e) of the definition thereof); (xix) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Derivative Transaction that was, at the time entered into, not for speculative purposes but (A) for the purpose of fixing or hedging interest rate risk with respect to any Indebtedness that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement to be outstanding; (B) for the purpose of fixing or hedging currency exchange rate risk with respect to any currency exchanges; or (C) for the purpose of fixing or hedging commodity price risk with respect to any commodity purchases or sales and, in each case, extensions or replacements thereof; (xx) Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary representing (1) deferred compensation to current or former directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, independent contractors and consultants of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries and (2) deferred compensation or other similar arrangements in connection with any Investment or any acquisition permitted under this Agreement; (xxi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xxi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 485.0 million and 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then most recently ended, for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xxii) [Reserved]; 159 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (xxiii) [Reserved]; (xxiv) [Reserved]; (xxv) Indebtedness (including in the form of Financing Leases) of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with Sale and Lease- Back Transactions; (xxvi) [Reserved]; (xxvii) Indebtedness (including obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds, completion bonds or similar instruments with respect to such Indebtedness) incurred by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm in respect of workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance (including premiums related thereto), other types of social security, pension obligations, vacation pay, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance compensation claims; (xxviii) [Reserved]; (xxix) [Reserved]; (xxx) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any letter of credit, bank guaranty or similar instrument issued in compliance with this Section 6.3 in a principal amount not exceeding the face amount of such instrument; (xxxi) Unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xxxii) (i) customer deposits and advance payments (including progress premiums) received in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm or (ii) obligations to pay, in each case, for goods and services purchased or sold in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice; (xxxiii) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary otherwise permitted under this Agreement; (xxxiv) [Reserved]; (xxxv) [Reserved]; (xxxvi) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for the benefit of joint ventures; provided that, at the time of incurrence or issuance thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount or 160 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW liquidation preference of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock then outstanding pursuant to this clause (xxxvi) (when aggregated with the aggregate principal amount of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(xvii) in respect of such Indebtedness then outstanding) shall not, except as contemplated by Section 6.3(b)(xvii), exceed an amount equal to the greater of 160.0 million and 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xxxvii) [Reserved]; (xxxviii) [Reserved]; (xxxix) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that the net proceeds thereof are promptly deposited with the applicable trustee in connection with a legal defeasance, covenant defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of any Indebtedness; (xl) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred through the provision of bonds, guarantees, letters of credit or similar instruments required by any maritime commission or authority or other governmental or regulatory agencies, including, without limitation, customs authorities in connection with ships owned or chartered or ordinary course business conducted by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, not to exceed the amount required by such governmental or regulatory authority; (xli) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness in relation to: (i) regular maintenance required to maintain the classification of any of the ships owned or chartered on bareboat terms by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) scheduled dry-docking of any of the ships owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary for normal maintenance purposes and (iii) any expenditures that will or reasonably may be expected to be recoverable from insurance on such ships; and (xlii) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness to finance the replacement of a marine vessel, other than any marine vessel owned by, or constituting a part of the FLNG2 Collateral, upon the total loss, destruction, condemnation, confiscation, requisition, seizure or forfeiture of, or other taking of title to or use of, such marine vessel (collectively, a Total Loss in an aggregate principal amount no greater than the amount that is equal to the contract price for such replacement marine vessel less all compensation, damages and other payments (including insurance proceeds other than in respect of business interruption insurance) received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Person in connection with such Total Loss in excess of amounts actually used to repay Indebtedness secured by the marine vessel subject to such Total Loss. (c) For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the accrual of interest or dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the accretion or amortization of original issue discount and the payment of interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness or additional Equity Interests and (b) the obligation to pay a premium in respect of Indebtedness arising in connection with the issuance of a notice of prepayment, redemption, repurchase, 161 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW defeasance, acquisition or similar payment or making of a mandatory offer to prepay, redeem, repurchase, defease, acquire, or similarly pay such Indebtedness will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness or issuance of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock for purposes of this Section 6.3. (d) For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.3, the principal amount of Indebtedness or the liquidation preference of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock outstanding under any clause of this Section 6.3 shall be determined after giving effect to the application of proceeds of any such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock to refinance any such other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock. This Agreement will not treat (1) unsecured Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to Secured Indebtedness merely because such Indebtedness is unsecured or (2) Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to any other Indebtedness solely because such Indebtedness has a junior priority with respect to shared collateral or because it is secured by different collateral or issued or guaranteed by other obligors. Section 6.4 Asset Sales. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, an Asset Sale unless: (i) the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, in connection with such Asset Sale) at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market Value (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of; and (ii) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75.0 of the consideration (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) for such Asset Sale, together with all other Asset Sales completed or contractually agreed upon since the Issue Date (on a cumulative basis), received (or to be received) by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents. (b) For purposes of Section 6.4(a)(ii) (and no other provision), the following shall be deemed to be cash or Cash Equivalents: (i) the greater of the principal amount and the carrying value of any liabilities (as reflected on the most recent balance sheet of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or in the footnotes thereto, or if incurred, accrued or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such liabilities that would have been reflected on the balance sheet of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary or in the footnotes thereto if such incurrence, accrual or increase had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets (or are otherwise extinguished in connection with the transactions relating to such Asset Sale) pursuant to a written agreement which releases or indemnifies the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such liabilities; 162 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (b) (ii) [Reserved]; (iii) any securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents or by their terms are required to be satisfied for cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received), in each case, within 180 days following the closing of such Asset Sale; and (iv) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market Value (measured at the time of contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value), taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (iv) that is outstanding at such time, not in excess of the greater of 405.0 million and 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no assetsCollateral may be transferred to any Unrestricted Subsidiary other than pursuant to the definition of Permitted Investments cash to service the Indebtedness (i) incurred in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions and not to exceed the amount required to pay principal, interest, premiums, expenses, indemnities or fees then due and payable; provided the foregoing shall not be deemed to permit regularly scheduled amortization payments other than the final payment of principal due at maturity and (ii) incurred prior to the Closing Date by NFE South Power Holdings Limited and consistent with past practice. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate, directly or indirectly, any sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction), contribution, dividend or other investment of (i) any assets that constitute FLNG2 Assets or any Reinvested Assets other than Immaterial FLNG2 Maintenance Transactions or (ii) at any time prior to the Completion Date, any Equity Interests in any FLNG2 Subsidiaries, in each case to any entity other than a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor; provided that such Guarantor satisfies the requirements of Sections 5.10. Prior to the Completion Date, each FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be, directly or indirectly, 100 owned by the Borrower. Section 6.5 Transactions with Affiliates. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with any Affiliate of the Borrower (each of the foregoing, an Affiliate Transaction involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of (at the time of the relevant transaction) the greater of 120.0 million and 7.5 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination or the FLNG2 Collateral, unless: (i) such Affiliate Transaction is on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm s-length basis or, if in the good 163 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW faith judgment of the Borrower, no comparable transaction is available with which to compare such Affiliate Transaction, such Affiliate Transaction is otherwise fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view and when such transaction is taken in its entirety; and (ii) the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent with respect to any Affiliate Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of the greater of 245.0 million and 15.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then most recently ended on or prior to such date of determination, a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving such Affiliate Transaction. (b) Section 6.5(a) shall not apply to the following unless it relates(provided, for clarity, Section 6.5(a) shall always apply to the FLNG2 Collateral): (i) any transaction between or among the Borrower, one or more Restricted Subsidiaries and/or one or more joint ventures with respect to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries holds Equity Interests (or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or a joint venture, as applicable, as a result of such transaction) to the extent not prohibited by this Agreement; (ii) any issuance, sale or grant of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment arrangements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower in good faith; (iii) transactions pursuant to the NFE Offtake Agreement; (iv) (1) Restricted Payments not prohibited by Section 6.1 (other than pursuant to Section 6.1(b)(ix)) and the definition of Permitted Investments (other than clause (ll) of such definition) and (2) issuances of Equity Interests and issuances and incurrences of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock not restricted by this Agreement; (v) transactions in existence on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous, in any material respect, to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date, in each case as determined in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower; (vi) the payment of all indemnification obligations and expenses owed to any Management Investor and any of their respective directors, officers, members of management, managers, employees, members, partners, independent contractors and consultants (or any Immediate Family Member of the foregoing) in connection with such management, monitoring, consulting, advisory or similar services provided by them, whether currently due or paid in respect of accruals from prior periods; (vii) [Reserved]; 164 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (viii) [Reserved]; (ix) guarantees not prohibited by Section 6.1, Section 6.3 or the definition of Permitted Investments (x) [Reserved]; (xi) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of- pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, members of the Board of Directors, officers, employees, members of management, managers, members, partners, consultants and independent contractors (or any Immediate Family Members of the foregoing) of the Borrower and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (xii) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, which are (1) fair to the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or the senior management thereof or (2) on terms, taken as a whole, that are not materially less favorable to the Borrower and/or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from a Person other than an Affiliate; (xiii) (1) the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, any equityholders agreement, investor rights agreement or the equivalent (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto) to which it is a party as of the Closing Date and any similar agreements which it may enter into thereafter; provided, however, that the existence of, or the performance by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of obligations under any future amendment to any such existing agreement or under any similar agreement entered into after the Closing Date shall only be permitted by this clause (xiii) to the extent that the terms of any such amendment or new agreement are not otherwise materially disadvantageous in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower to the Borrower when taken as a whole as compared to the applicable agreement as in effect on the Closing Date and (2) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating to registration rights and indemnities provided to equityholders of the Borrower pursuant to any equityholders agreement, investor rights agreement or the equivalent (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto); (xiv) [Reserved]; (xv) any transaction in which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view; (xvi) transactions in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing; 165 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (xvii) (1) Affiliate purchases of the Existing Notes and the loans under the TLB Credit Agreement to the extent permitted under the Existing Indentures or the TLB Credit Agreement, as applicable, the holding of such Existing Notes or loans under the TLB Credit Agreement, as applicable, and the payments and other related transactions in respect thereof (including any payment of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Affiliate in connection therewith), (2) other investments by Fortress, its Affiliates or Permitted Holders in securities or loans of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (and any payment of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Permitted Holders in connection therewith), including the Loans, so long as the investment is being offered generally to other investors on the same terms or on terms that are more favorable to the Borrower and (3) payments to Fortress, its Affiliates or Permitted Holders in respect of securities or loans of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries contemplated in the foregoing subclause (2) or that were acquired from Persons other than the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such securities or loans; (xviii) transactions undertaken pursuant to a shared services agreement or pursuant to a membership in a purchasing consortium; (xix) payment to any Permitted Holder of out of pocket expenses incurred by such Permitted Holder in connection with any direct or indirect Investment in the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (xx) the issuance or transfer of (1) Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower and the granting and performing of customary registration rights and (2) directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals as required by applicable law; (xxi) transactions with a Person (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary) that is an Affiliate of the Borrower arising solely because the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owns any Equity Interests in, or controls, such Person; (xxii) any lease entered into between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any Affiliate of the Borrower, on the other hand, which is approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or is entered into in the ordinary course of business; (xxiii) intellectual property licenses entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm; (xxiv) transactions between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any other Person that would constitute an Affiliate solely because a director of such other Person is also a director of the Borrower; provided, however, that such director abstains from voting as a director of the Borrower on any matter including such other Person; (xxv) (1) pledges of Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (2) in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness not prohibited by Section 6.3, pledges of equity interests of a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity to secure such Indebtedness; 166 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (xxvi) any transition services arrangement, supply arrangement or similar arrangement entered into in connection with or in contemplation of the disposition of assets or Equity Interests in any Restricted Subsidiary not in violation of Section 6.4 that the Board of Directors of the Borrower determines is either fair to the Borrower or otherwise on customary terms for such type of arrangements in connection with similar transactions; (xxvii) [Reserved]; (xxviii) payments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to tax sharing agreements among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on customary terms; provided that such payments shall not exceed the excess (if any) of the amount of taxes that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have paid on a stand-alone basis over the amount of such taxes actually paid by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries directly to governmental authorities and provided further that such agreement or arrangement is not materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders; (xxix) payments to and from, and transactions with, any joint ventures or Unrestricted Subsidiary entered into in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice or consistent with industry norm (including any cash management activities related thereto); and (xxx) transactions undertaken in good faith (as certified by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower in an Officer s Certificate) for the purposes of improving the consolidated tax efficiency of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not for the purpose of circumventing any covenant set forth in this Agreement. Section 6.6 Liens. (a) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur or assume any Lien (each, a Subject Lien that secures obligations under any Indebtedness on any asset or property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Permitted Lien. (b) In the event that a Subject Lien is or becomes a Permitted Lien, the Borrower may, at its option and without consent from the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, elect to release and discharge any Lien created for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to Section 6.6(a) in respect of such Subject Lien. (c) With respect to any Lien securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such Lien shall also be permitted to secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness. The Increased Amount of any Indebtedness shall mean any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with any accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the amortization of original issue discount, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same terms, accretion of original issue discount or liquidation preference and increases in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies or increases in the value of property securing Indebtedness. 167 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (d) The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to directly or indirectly, create, incur or assume any Lien over the FLNG2 Assets (or Reinvested Assets) or over any of the Equity Interests of any FLNG2 Subsidiary other than Permitted Liens of the type described in clauses (a)(i), (a)(ii), (b), (c)(i), (c)(ii), (mm)(I), (rr), (ss) and (uu) of the definition thereof. (e) The Borrower shall not permit any Liens to attach to the Brazilian Assets (other than Permitted Liens) unless pursuant to the 2024 Financing Transactions and the Borrower complies with Section 5.10(g) with respect to granting a junior-priority lien to secure the Obligations. Section 6.7 Financial Covenants. (a) Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio. Commencing with the later of the first full fiscal quarter ending after the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date or, if the Covenant Holiday Trigger Event occurs, June 30, 2025, the Borrower shall not permit the Debt to Total Capitalization Ratio (as defined in, and as calculated pursuant to, the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of any Test Period to exceed 0.70 to 1.00. (b) Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio. Commencing with the first full fiscal quarter ending after the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date, if, as of the last Business Day of any Test Period the Revolving Facility usage (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) is equal to or greater than 50 , the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated First Lien Debt Ratio (as defined in, and as calculated pursuant to, the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of any Test Period to exceed 4.00 to 1.00. (c) Minimum Liquidity. (i) Commencing with the first full fiscal quarter ending after the First Initial Term Loan Funding Date, the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Liquidity to be less than 100,000,000.00 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. (ii) Commencing with the calendar month ending October 31, 2024, the Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Liquidity to be less than 50,000,000.00 as of the last day of any calendar month. Section 6.8 Capital Expenditures. The Borrower shall not permit any FLNG2 Subsidiary to make or commit to make any Capital Expenditures other than (a) Permitted Capital Expenditures (b) Capital Expenditures that are to be reimbursed by a customer of a Loan Party under a principal lease, service agreement, operating agreement, maintenance agreement, spare parts agreement or other similar agreement relating to the Project pursuant to a Contractual Obligation of such customer to reimburse such expenditures, provided that (i) such Capital Expenditures are not in excess of 10.0 million in the aggregate per calendar year and (ii) the relevant customer is required to reimburse the Loan Party within a period of 12 months and (c) other Capital Expenditures of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries not in excess of 10.0 million in the aggregate per calendar year. Section 6.9 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets. (a) The Borrower shall not merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Borrower is the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: 168 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (i) the Borrower is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or winding up (if other than the Borrower) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia (the Borrower or such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the Successor Company (ii) the Successor Company (if other than the Borrower) expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents pursuant to joinders hereto and to the applicable Security Documents, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement, or other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and has provided all documentation and other information required by the Agents and the Lenders under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act; (iii) immediately after such transaction, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (iv) in the case of the Borrower, immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and any related financing transactions, as if such transactions had occurred at the beginning of the Test Period, either: (1) the Successor Company would be permitted to incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness under a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test of at least 2.00 to 1.00, or (2) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio immediately after such transaction would be equal to or greater than the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to such transaction; (v) to the extent any assets of the Person who is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Successor Company are assets of the type that would constitute Collateral under the Security Documents, the Successor Company will take such action as may be reasonably necessary to cause such property and assets to be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Security Documents in the manner and to the extent required in this Agreement or the applicable Security Documents and shall take all reasonably necessary action so that such Lien is perfected to the extent required by the applicable Security Documents. (b) The Successor Company will succeed to and be substituted for the Borrower under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the other applicable Loan Documents and the Borrower will automatically be released and discharged from its obligations under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Loan Documents, as applicable. Notwithstanding clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 6.9(a), 169 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (i) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties and assets to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the Borrower may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into an Affiliate of the Borrower solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Borrower in the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia, and (iii) the Borrower may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties and assets to any Guarantor. (c) Subject to the provisions described in this Agreement and the Security Documents governing release of a Guarantee, no Guarantor shall, and the Borrower shall not permit a Guarantor to, merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into (whether or not the Guarantor is the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its and its Restricted Subsidiaries properties or assets, taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: (i) such Guarantor is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or winding up (if other than such Guarantor) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor or any other Guarantor or the laws of the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia (such Guarantor or such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the Successor Guarantor (ii) the Successor Guarantor, if other than such Guarantor, expressly assumes all the obligations of such Guarantor under this Agreement and such Guarantor s related Guarantee pursuant to joinders hereto and to the applicable Security Documents and the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and has provided all documentation and other information required by the Agents and the Lenders under applicable know your customer and anti- money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act; and (iii) to the extent any assets of the Person who is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Successor Guarantor are assets of the type that would constitute Collateral under the Security Documents, the Successor Guarantor will take such action as may be reasonably necessary to cause such property and assets to be made subject to the Lien of the applicable Security Documents in the manner and to the extent required in this Agreement or the applicable Security Documents and shall take all reasonably necessary action so that such Lien is perfected to the extent required by the applicable Security Documents; or (iv) the transaction is not prohibited by Section 6.4. 170 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (d) The Successor Guarantor will succeed to, and be substituted for, such Guarantor under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents and such Guarantor s Guarantee and such Guarantor will automatically be released and discharged from its obligations under this Agreement, the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement and the applicable Security Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Guarantor may (i) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into, wind up into or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or part of its properties or assets to another Guarantor or the Borrower, (ii) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into or wind up into the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower solely for the purpose of reincorporating or reorganizing such Guarantor in the United States, any state or territory thereof, the District of Columbia or the jurisdiction of organization of any other Guarantor, (iii) convert into a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor or any other Guarantor, or the laws of a jurisdiction in the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia or (iv) liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Board of Directors or the senior management of the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders, in each case, without regard to the requirements set forth in Section 6.9(c). Section 6.10 Change in Business; Changes in Fiscal Year or Accounting Policies. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to (a) engage in any material line of business other than the businesses engaged in by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and any Similar Business, (b) make or permit, any change in accounting policies or reporting practices, without the consent of the Required Lenders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except changes that are permitted in accordance with GAAP (subject in each case to the provisions of Section 1.3) or (c) change its fiscal year-end or fiscal quarter-end dates. Section 6.11 Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction unless, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate outstanding amount of Indebtedness in respect of all Sale and Leaseback Transactions is permitted under Section 6.3 and the Liens in respect thereof are permitted under Section 6.6. Section 6.12 Accounts. The Borrower shall not permit any of the FLNG2 Subsidiaries to establish or maintain any deposit accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) unless, with respect to any such account located in the United States (including one or more accounts with banks selected by the Borrower or such FLNG2 Subsidiary to be funded for purposes of paying Project Costs (any such accounts for such purposes, a Project Costs Reserve Account )), the applicable FLNG2 Subsidiary has entered into and delivered to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent on or prior to the date that is sixty (60) days after the date such deposit account is established (or such later date as the Collateral Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion). Section 6.13 Amendment or Termination of Material Project Documents; Other Restrictions on Material Project Documents. The Borrower shall not permit any FLNG2 Subsidiary to: (a) amend, modify, supplement or grant a consent, approval or waiver under, or permit or consent to the amendment, modification, supplement, consent, approval or waiver of any provision of any Material Project Document (each such amendment, modification, supplement, consent, 171 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW approval or waiver, a Material Project Document Modification ), without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders (unless such Material Project Document Modification would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect); or (b) assign or transfer any interest under any Material Project Document without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders (such consent not to be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld); or (c) consent to any Material Project Counterparty assigning or transferring any interest under any Material Project Document, if such FLNG2 Subsidiary has consent rights under such Material Project Document without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders (such consent not to be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld); or (d) other than upon any expiration or termination upon its expiry in accordance with the terms of such Material Project Document and not as a result of a breach or default thereunder, consent to the full or partial termination of any Material Project Document without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders (such consent not to be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld); or (e) initiate or settle any arbitration, proceedings, claims or disputes under any Material Project Document if the amount in controversy in such arbitration, dispute or settlement is in excess of 50.0 million without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders (such consent not to be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.13, each assignment of a Material Project Document to the Borrower or any FLNG2 Subsidiary shall be permitted. Section 6.14 Establishment of New Subsidiaries by the FLNG2 Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not permit the FLNG2 Subsidiaries to establish or have any Subsidiaries that are not also FLNG2 Subsidiaries. Section 6.15 Hazardous Material. Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower shall not and shall not permit the FLNG2 Subsidiaries to Release, or permit the Release of, Hazardous Materials at the Project in violation of Environmental Laws or Required Permits. Section 6.16 Disposition of Collateral. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey, distribute or otherwise dispose, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of property or assets (including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction) of the Borrower or any Guarantor that constitute Collateral to any Affiliate of the Borrower or Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Guarantor other than (i) in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice and (ii) cash to service the Indebtedness incurred in connection with the 2024 Financing Transactions not to exceed the amount required to pay principal, interest, premiums, expenses, indemnities or fees then due and payable; provided the foregoing shall not be deemed to permit regularly scheduled amortization payments other than the final payment of principal due at maturity. SECTION 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 7.1 Events of Default. (a) Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default : 172 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (1) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, within five Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof; (2) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; (3) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in clause (i) of Section 5.4(a) (with respect to the Borrower only), Section 5.7(a), Section 5.23, Section 5.24, Section 5.26 or Section 6; (4) (A) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in Section 5.25, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party obtains knowledge of such default and (ii) the date on which the Borrower has received written notice of such default from the Administrative Agent; and (B) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (1) through (3) of this Section 7.1(a)), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party obtains knowledge of such default and (ii) the date on which the Borrower has received written notice of such default from the Administrative Agent; (5) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there is issued or by which there is secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than (i) Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any Permitted Receivables Financing, (iii) with respect to Indebtedness consisting of Hedging Obligations, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement which are not the result of any default thereunder by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and (iv) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary as to which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent an Officer s Certificate certifying a resolution adopted by the Borrower to the effect that the obligees of such Indebtedness have no recourse to the assets of the Borrower or any Guarantor), whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists or is created after the Closing Date, if both: (A) such default either results from the failure to pay any principal of such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods) or relates to an obligation other than the obligation to pay principal of any such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity and results in the holder or holders of such Indebtedness causing such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated final maturity; and 173 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (B) the principal amount of such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness in default for failure to pay principal at stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, is in the aggregate equal to 100.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent); provided that if any such acceleration is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently concluded, then the Event of Default by reason thereof would not be deemed to have occurred until the conclusion of such proceedings; (6) failure by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant Subsidiary (other than any Receivables Subsidiary) (or group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, other than any Receivables Subsidiary) to pay final non-appealable judgments aggregating in excess of 100.0 million (to the extent not covered by insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied its obligation), which final non-appealable judgments remain unpaid, undischarged and unstayed for a period of more than 60 days after such judgment becomes final and non-appealable, and, in the event such judgment is covered by insurance, an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or decree which is not promptly stayed; (7) the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary, other than a Receivables Subsidiary), pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law: (A) commences proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent; (B) consents to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under applicable Bankruptcy Law; (C) consents to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property; (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (E) makes an admission in writing of its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (8) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: 174 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (A) is for relief against the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary), in a proceeding in which the Borrower or any such Significant Subsidiary or any such group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary, is to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent; (B) appoints a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary), or for all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower or any such Significant Subsidiary or any such group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary; or (C) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Borrower or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary other than a Receivables Subsidiary); and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; (9) (i) any Person shall engage in any prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Pension Plan, (ii) any failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Pension Plan, or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Pension Plan shall arise on the assets of the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity, (iii) a Reportable Event shall occur with respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Pension Plan, which Reportable Event or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, likely to result in the termination of such Pension Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (iv) any Pension Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA or (v) the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity shall incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal from, or the Insolvency of, a Multiemployer Plan; and in each case in clauses (i) through (v) above, such event or condition results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 175 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (10) (i) the Liens created by the Security Documents shall at any time not constitute a valid and perfected Lien on any material portion of the Collateral intended to be covered thereby (unless perfection is not required by this Agreement or the Security Documents) other than (A) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Security Document and this Agreement, (B) as a result of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions or (C) any loss of perfection that results from the failure of the Controlling Authorized Representative or Collateral Agent to maintain possession of certificates delivered to it representing securities pledged under the Security Documents or to file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements; and (ii) such default continues for 30 days after receipt of written notice given by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; (11) any Guarantee of any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary (or group of Guarantors that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) ceases to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee) or such Guarantor or such group of Guarantors denies or disaffirms its obligations under its Guarantee (other than by reason of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions); (12) the Borrower or any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Guarantors that together (as determined as of the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 5.1) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall assert, in any pleading in any court of competent jurisdiction, that any security interest in any material Security Document is invalid or unenforceable (other than by reason of the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions, the release of the Guarantee of such Guarantor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the release of such security interest in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Security Documents); (13) any Change of Control shall occur; or (14) (i) any Material Project Document shall expire or terminate (other than by virtue of the scheduled expiration in accordance with its terms) or shall be declared null and void or (ii) any Material Project Counterparty, within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law (A) commences proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (B) consents to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under applicable Bankruptcy Law, (c) consents to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property, (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (E) makes an admission in writing of its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against any Material Project Counterparty in a proceeding in which such Material Project Counterparty is to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (B) appoints a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of any Material Project Counterparty, or for all or substantially all of the property of any Material Project Counterparty or (C) orders the winding up or liquidation of any Material Project Counterparty and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive days; provided that, no Event of Default shall occur under this clause (14) if (1) the 176 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW underlying termination or Bankruptcy event could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (2) within 90 days of such underlying termination or Bankruptcy event, the applicable FLNG2 Subsidiary enters into a Replacement Material Project Document, such cure period to be extended to a total of 180 days so long as such FLNG2 Subsidiary is diligently pursuing execution of a Replacement Material Project Document and such additional cure period could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (b) If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(a)(7) or Section 7.1(a)(8), with respect to the Borrower, the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans shall automatically terminate, the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, and (B) subject to clause (c) below, if such event is any other Event of Default, with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, declare (i) the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments shall be terminated and (ii) the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. (c) In the event of any Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(a)(5)), such Event of Default and all consequences thereof (excluding any resulting payment default hereunder, other than as a result of acceleration of the Obligations) shall be annulled, waived and rescinded, automatically and without any action by the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party, if within 30 days after such Event of Default arose: (i) the Indebtedness or guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged; or (ii) the requisite holders thereof have rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such Event of Default; or (iii) the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been cured; provided that the foregoing shall not apply (A) to the failure to provide notice of a Default or Event of Default resulting from taking such prohibited action, (B) following the acceleration of the Loans and all other amounts due under this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(b) or (C) following receipt by the Borrower of written notice from the Required Lenders of any Default or Event of Default in respect of which the Required Lenders have expressly reserved their rights. Section 7.2 Application of Proceeds. Subject to the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, all proceeds collected by the Collateral Agent upon any collection, sale, foreclosure or other realization upon any Collateral (including any distribution pursuant to a plan of reorganization), including any Collateral consisting of cash, shall be applied as follows: FIRST, to the payment of all costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (in their capacity as such hereunder or under any other Loan Document) in connection with such collection, sale, foreclosure or realization or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any of the Obligations, 177 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW including all court costs and the fees and expenses of its agents and legal counsel, the repayment of all advances made by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document on behalf of any Loan Party and any other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document; SECOND, to the payment in full of all Obligations (the amounts so applied to be distributed among the Secured Parties pro rata in accordance with the amounts of the Obligations owed to them on the date of any such distribution); THIRD, to the Loan Parties, their successors or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. In addition, in the event that the Collateral Agent receives any non-cash distribution upon any collection, sale, foreclosure or other realization upon any Collateral, such non-cash distribution shall be allocated in the manner described above, with the value of such non-cash distribution being reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent; provided that the Collateral Agent shall apply any cash distribution in accordance with this Section 7.2 prior to application of any such non-cash distribution. The Collateral Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the time of application of any such proceeds, moneys or balances in accordance with this Agreement. Upon any sale of Collateral by the Collateral Agent (including pursuant to a power of sale granted by statute or under a judicial proceeding), the receipt of the Collateral Agent or of the officer making the sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold and such purchaser or purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application of any part of the purchase money paid over to the Collateral Agent or such officer or be answerable in any way for the misapplication thereof. SECTION 8. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE COLLATERAL AGENT. Section 8.1 Appointment and Authority. (a) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Section 8.1 are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and none of the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions (except as provided in Section 8.6 and 8.14(d) below). (b) MSSF shall also act as the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes MSSF act as the Collateral Agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Collateral Agent, and any co- agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 8.5 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Collateral Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Section 8 and Section 9 (including Section 9.5(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 178 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (c) It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or (except as provided in any other Loan Documents) (or any other similar term) with reference to the Agents is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. Section 8.2 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. Section 8.3 Exculpatory Provisions. The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents: (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the applicable Agent or its Related Parties is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that neither Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent or such Related Party to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, provided, further, that the applicable Agent or any of its Related Parties may seek clarification or direction from Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided; (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as an Agent or any of its branches or Affiliates in any capacity; (d) shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it or its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agents shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 9.1 and 7.1) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Agents shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to such Agent in writing by the Borrower or a Lender; 179 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (e) shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, (vi) perfecting, maintaining, monitoring, preserving or protecting the security interest or Lien (including the priority thereof) granted under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, (vii) the filing, re-filing, recording, re-recording or continuing of any document, financing statement, mortgage, assignment, notice, instrument of further assurance or other instrument in any public office at any time or times, (viii) providing, maintaining, monitoring or preserving insurance on or the payment of Taxes with respect to any of the Collateral or (ix) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 3.29 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agents; (f) shall not be required to qualify in any jurisdiction in which it is not presently qualified to perform its obligations as an Agent; (g) shall not be required to (i) expend or risk its own funds or provide indemnities in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers, or (ii) otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties hereunder or the exercise of any of its rights or powers, except for such expense, indemnity or liability, if any, arising out of such Agent s gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the performance of its duties hereunder or under any other Loan Document, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; and (h) the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Institution. No requirement in any Loan Document for a Loan Party to provide evidence, opinion, information, documentation or other material requested or required by any Agent shall be construed to mean that such Agent has any responsibility to request or require such evidence, opinion, information, documentation or other material. No Lender shall assert, and each Lender hereby waives, any claim against the Agents, including any predecessor agent, its sub-agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. Section 8.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or 180 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower or any Lender), independent accountants and other experts, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Section 8.5 Delegation of Duties. Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Section 8 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agents and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as an Agent. Section 8.6 Resignation of the Agents. The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower (and upon any such resignation as Administrative Agent, shall also resign as Collateral Agent). Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) is continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States (which successor shall act as both Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent). If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, with the consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless an Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) is continuing, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Collateral Agent is appointed) and (b) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Person directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent (except for any indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent), and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Section 8 and Section 9.5 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such 181 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. Section 8.7 Non-Reliance on the Agents and Other Lenders, Etc. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Each Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of the Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under federal or state securities laws). Section 8.8 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Arranger listed on the cover page hereof shall not have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacities, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. Section 8.9 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated), by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.8 and 9.5) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.8 and 9.5. 182 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or in any such proceeding. Section 8.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. (a) Each of the Lenders irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent to release or evidence the release of any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document, to release any Guarantor from its obligations under a Guarantee or any Loan Document or to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document, in each case as provided in Section 9.20. (b) Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents pursuant to Section 9.20. Section 8.11 Withholding Taxes. To the extent required by any applicable Requirements of Law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 2.17, each Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within thirty (30) days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for the account of such Lender for any reason (including because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding Tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 8.11. The agreements in this Section 8.11 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. Section 8.12 Intercreditor and Subordination Agreements. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Agents to enter into any intercreditor or subordination agreement pertaining to any permitted subordinated debt or other debt permitted to be secured by the Collateral or any portion thereof on its behalf and to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of any such agreement. Section 8.13 Credit Bidding. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, 183 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.1 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. Section 8.14 Return of Certain Payments. (a) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (any such Lender or other recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, 184 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 8.14 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (and each of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case: (i) it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and (ii) such Lender shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.14(b). For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.14(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipient s obligations pursuant to Section 8.14(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. (c) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding clause (a). (d) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment 185 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, to the rights and interests of such Lender, as the case may be) under the Loan Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower; provided that this Section 8.14 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from, or on behalf of (including through the exercise of remedies under any Loan Document), the Borrower for the purpose of a payment on the Obligations. (e) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.14 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. Section 8.15 Certain ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement, (ii) the prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable so as to exempt from the prohibitions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 186 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84- 14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). Section 8.16 Posting of Communications (a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on the Platform. (b) Although the Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the date of this Agreement, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. (c) THE PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF 187 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWER S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE PLATFORM. (d) Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. (e) Each of the Lenders and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS Section 9.1 Amendments and Waivers. Except as provided in Section 2.12, neither this Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9.1. The Required Lenders, the Borrower and each other Loan Party which is a party to the relevant Loan Document may, or (with the written consent of the Required Lenders) the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each other Loan Party which is a party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (a) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents (including amendments and restatements hereof or thereof) for the purpose of adding or removing any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights and obligations of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as may be specified in the instrument of waiver, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only and without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender, amend, supplement or modify this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, so long as such amendment, supplement or modification does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice thereof and Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment; provided further, however, that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall: 188 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (i) forgive the principal amount of any Loan, extend the final scheduled date of maturity or scheduled payment date of any principal of any Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest, fee or premium payable under this Agreement (except in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates (which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders)) or extend the time for payment of any interest, fees or premium or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Commitment of any Lender, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 9.1 or the definition of Required Lenders to reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders or reduce the consent required under any provision pursuant to which the consent of Required Lenders is necessary, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided that certain agreements may be amended without the consent of the Required Lenders as contemplated by the last paragraph of this Section 9.1; (iii) consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents without the consent of each Lender; (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 8, or any other provision affecting the rights, duties or obligations of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable; (v) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.14 or Section 7.2 in a manner that would alter the manner in which payments are shared without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (vi) (A) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating (whether by contract, structurally or otherwise), the right of payment of all or any portion of the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or liabilities or (B) release (or subordinate (whether by contract, structurally or otherwise) the Lien of the Collateral Agent in) all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender, except (x) to the extent the release or subordination of such Collateral is permitted pursuant to Section 9.20 (in which case such release or subordination may be made without the consent of any Lender) or (y) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions; or (vii) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees, without the written consent of each Lender, except (A) to the extent the release of any Subsidiary from a Guarantee is permitted pursuant to Section 9.20 (in which case such release may be made without the consent of any Lender) or (B) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions. provided, further, that (x) any Loan Document may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent (without the consent of any Lender) solely to grant a new Lien for the benefit of the Secured Parties or extend an existing Lien over additional property, (y) to the extent a waiver 189 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW or amendment solely affects one Class of Commitments or Loans, such waiver or amendment may be accomplished with only the written consent of the Required Class Lenders of such Class (or such greater amount of such Class if otherwise required above) and without the consent of any other Person and (z) to the extent a waiver or amendment would result in the payment in full of all Loans and other amounts due to, and termination of commitments of, all non-consenting Lenders, substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of such proposed waiver or amendment, such waiver or amendment may be accomplished with only the written consent of the Borrower and the consenting Lenders and without the consent of any other Person. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and all future holders of the Loans. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Any such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall be effected by a written instrument signed by the parties required to sign pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section; provided that delivery of an executed signature page of any such instrument by facsimile transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) Security Documents and related documents executed in connection with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower only and without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered solely to the extent necessary to (i) comply with local Law or advice of local counsel or (ii) cause such Guarantee, Security Document or related document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (B) no Lender consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement that is for the purpose of adding the holders of Equal Priority Obligations, or Junior Priority Obligations, as expressly contemplated by the terms of such Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, such Junior Priority Intercreditor Agreement or such other intercreditor agreement or arrangement permitted under this Agreement, as applicable (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement are required to effectuate the foregoing and provided that such other changes are not adverse, in any respect, to the interests of the Lenders); provided, further, that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. Furthermore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower (without the need to obtain any consent of any Lender), (i) any Loan Document may be amended to add terms that are favorable to the Lenders (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) including to effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (ii) this Agreement (including by increasing the amount of amortization due and payable with respect to any Class of Term Loans) may be amended in a manner that is favorable to existing Lenders to the extent necessary to create a fungible Class of Term Loans. 190 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error (including, but not limited to, an incorrect cross-reference) or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any exhibit, schedule or other attachment to any Loan Document), then the Administrative Agent (acting in its sole discretion) and the Borrower or any other relevant Loan Party shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document (unless the Required Lenders object to such amendment within five Business Days of notification of such amendment to the Lenders). Notification of such amendment shall be made by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders on or prior to five Business Days prior to the amendment becoming effective. Section 9.2 Notices. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.6(c), all notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile notice, when received, addressed (a) in the case of the Loan Parties, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent, as follows and (b) in the case of the Lenders, at their primary address set forth below their name on Appendix A or otherwise indicated to Administrative Agent in writing or, in the case of a Lender which becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, in such Assignment and Acceptance or (c) in the case of any party, to such other address as such party may hereafter notify to the other parties hereto: the Loan Parties: C/o New Fortress Energy Inc. 111 W. 19th Street, 8th Floor New York, NY 10011 Attention: Christopher S. Guinta Chief Financial Offer Telephone: 516-268-7406 Email: cguinta@newfortressenergy.com with a copy to: Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP Attention: Seth E. Jacobson 155 N. Wacker Drive Chicago, IL 60606 Telephone: (312) 409-0889 Email: seth.jacobson@skadden.com the Administrative Agent: Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 1300 Thames Street, 4th Floor Thames Street Wharf Baltimore, MD 21231 Telephone: (917) 260-0588 Email for Borrower: agency.borrowers@morganstanley.com Email for Lenders: msagency@morganstanley.com 191 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW and the Collateral Agent: Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. 1300 Thames Street, 4th Floor Thames Street Wharf Baltimore, MD 21231 Email: docs4loans@morganstanley.com with a copy to, in each case of the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent: Linklaters LLP Attention: Danelle Le Cren 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104 Email: danelle.le_cren@linklaters.com provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Agents or any Lender shall not be effective until received. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE MATERIALS AND/OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE BORROWER HEREUNDER BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Agents or any of its Related Parties (each, an Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Agents transmission of materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder through the Platform or the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). Section 9.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise 192 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Section 9.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made herein, in the other Loan Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder. Section 9.5 Payment of Expenses; Indemnification. (a) The Borrower agrees (i) to pay or reimburse each Agent and each Arranger for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the syndication of the Term Loan Facility and the development, negotiation, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, limited in the case of counsel fees to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Agents and the Arrangers and one local counsel to the Agents, taken as a whole, in any relevant jurisdiction and the charges of any Platform, (ii) to pay or reimburse the Agents for all their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, including documentary taxes associated with the Term Loan Facility and all costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Laws, limited in the case of counsel fees to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Agents taken as a whole, and one local counsel to the Agents taken as a whole in any relevant material jurisdiction (or, with respect to enforcement, any relevant jurisdiction) and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction but excluding, in each case, Taxes except to the extent such Taxes (A) represent liabilities, obligations, penalties, demands, actions, losses, claims or damages arising from a non-Tax claim, (B) constitute Non-Excluded Taxes or (C) are otherwise indemnifiable Taxes under the Loan Documents, (iii) to pay, indemnify, or reimburse the Agents for; and hold the Agent harmless from, any and all reasonable and documented recording and filing fees, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents and (iv) to pay, indemnify or reimburse each Lender, each Agent, the Arrangers, and their respective affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, members, partners, employees, advisors, agents, controlling persons and other representatives (each, an Indemnitee for, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims (including Environmental Claims), actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (limited to, in the case of counsel, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole and one local counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole in any relevant jurisdiction and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel (plus if applicable, any additional counsel in the event of a conflict) in each relevant jurisdiction), whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, incurred by an Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (A) the execution, enforcement or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their 193 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds thereof, (C) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property owned, occupied or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any liability under any Environmental Law related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, or (D) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or their respective equity holders, affiliates, creditors or security holders, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing in this clause (iv), collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ), but excluding, in each case, Taxes other than any Taxes that (A) represent liabilities, obligations, penalties, demands, actions, losses, claims, prepayments, suits, costs, expenses, disbursements or damages arising from a non-Tax claim, (B) constitute Non-Excluded Taxes, or (C) are otherwise indemnifiable Taxes under the Loan Documents; provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities (x) are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or material breach of its obligations under this Agreement of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (y) resulted from any dispute that does not involve an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its affiliates, shareholders, partners or other equity holders and that is brought by an Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties against another Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties other than any claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an Agent or the Arranger. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unauthorized persons of information or other materials sent through electronic, telecommunications or other information transmission systems. No Indemnitee shall assert against any Loan Party and no Loan Party shall assert against any Indemnitee, and each Indemnitee and each Loan Party hereby waives, any special, punitive, indirect or consequential or exemplary damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date) provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit any Indemnitee s indemnification and reimbursement obligations to the extent such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are included in any third party claim with respect to which such Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, and to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Borrower agrees not to assert and to cause its Subsidiaries not to assert, and hereby waives and agrees to cause its Subsidiaries so to waive, all rights for contribution or any other rights of recovery with respect to all claims, demands, penalties, fines, liabilities, settlements, damages, costs and expenses of whatever kind or nature, under or related to Environmental Laws, that any of them might have by statute or otherwise against any Indemnitee. All amounts due under this Section 9.5 shall be payable not later than 30 days after written demand therefor (with backup documentation supporting such indemnity request). Statements payable by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 9.5 shall be submitted to the Borrower at the address of the Borrower set forth in Section 9.2, or to such other Person or address as may be hereafter designated by the Borrower in a notice to the Administrative Agent. Related Parties as used in this clause (a) shall only refer to the Related Parties of an Indemnitee to the extent the Indemnitee is not a natural person. The agreements in this Section 9.5 shall survive the termination of the Commitments and repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. (b) Without duplication of Section 2.17(d) or clause (a) above, Borrower agrees (i) to hold each Lender and each Agent harmless from, any and all reasonable and documented recording and filing fees and any and all reasonable liability with respect to, or from, resulting in any delays in paying Other Taxes, if any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, 194 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW the other Loan Documents and any such other documents and (ii) to hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims (including Environmental Claims), actions, judgments, suits, and reasonable and documented costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (limited to, in the case of counsel, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of a single law firm as counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole and one local counsel to the Indemnitees taken as a whole in any relevant jurisdiction and, if a conflict exists among such Persons, one additional primary counsel and, if necessary or advisable, one local counsel (plus if applicable, any additional counsel in the event of a conflict) in each relevant jurisdiction) whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, incurred by an Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (A) the execution, enforcement or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto or thereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (B) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds thereof, (C) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, under or from any property owned, occupied or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any liability under any Environmental Law related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective properties, or (D) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or their respective equity holders, affiliates creditors or security holders, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, but excluding, in each case of this clause (ii), Taxes other than any Taxes that (A) represent liabilities, losses, obligations, penalties, demands, actions, prepayments, suits, costs, expenses, disbursements, claims or damages arising from a non-Tax claim; (B) constitute Non-Excluded Taxes under the Loan Documents, or (C) are otherwise indemnifiable Taxes under the Loan Documents; provided that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities (x) are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct or material breach of its obligations under this Agreement of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (y) resulted from any dispute that does not involve an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its affiliates, shareholders, partners or other equity holders and that is brought by an Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties against another Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties other than any claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or Arranger. (c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) of this Section 9.5 to be paid by it to any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to such Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for such Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. Section 9.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments. (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arranger, all future holders of the Loans and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Loan Party may assign or transfer any of their rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrative 195 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except as described in this Section 9.6. (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, in accordance with applicable Law, at any time sell to one or more banks, financial institutions or other entities (each, a Participant participating interests in any Loan owing to such Lender or any other interest of such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided, however, that no Lender shall be permitted to sell any such participating interest to (i) any of the Permitted Holders (other than Permitted Holders described in clause (b) of the definition thereof) or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective associated investment funds, (ii) any Person that is a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Institution, (iii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural person). In the event of any such sale by a Lender of a participating interest to a Participant, such Lender s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, such Lender shall remain the holder of any such Loan for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In no event shall any Participant under any such participation have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would require the consent of all Lenders pursuant to Section 9.1. The Borrower agrees that if amounts outstanding under this Agreement and the Loans are due or unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, be deemed to have the right of setoff in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement; provided that, in purchasing such participating interest, such Participant shall be deemed to have agreed to share with the Lenders the proceeds thereof as provided in Section 2.14 as fully as if such Participant were a Lender hereunder. The Borrower also agrees that each Participant shall be entitled through the Lender granting the participation to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations of such Sections, Section 2.18 and 2.19, including the requirements of Section 2.17(f) and (g) (it being agreed that any required forms shall be provided solely to the participating Lender)) with respect to its participation in the Commitments and the Loans outstanding from time to time as if such Participant were a Lender; provided that no Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to any such Section than the transferor Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the participation transferred by such transferor Lender to such Participant had no such transfer occurred, except to the extent that entitlement to a greater amount results from a Change in Law that occurs after such Participant acquires the applicable participation, unless such transfer was made with the Borrower s prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal and stated interest amounts of each Participant s interest in the Loans held by it (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of the participation in question for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to 196 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. (c) Any Lender (an Assignor may, in accordance with applicable Law and the written consent of the Administrative Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and, so long as no Event of Default under Section 7.1(a)(1), (7) or (8) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented unless the Borrower shall have objected thereto within ten (10) Business Days after having received written notice thereof), at any time and from time to time assign to any Lender or any affiliate, Related Fund or Control Investment Affiliate thereof, or to an additional bank, financial institution or other entity (an Assignee all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Assignee and such Assignor and delivered to the Administrative Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register; provided that assignments made to any Lender, an affiliate of a Lender or a Related Fund will not be subject to the above described consents of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower provided, further, that no assignment to an Assignee (other than any Lender or any affiliate thereof) of Commitments shall be in an aggregate principal amount of less than 1,000,000 (other than in the case of an assignment of all of a Lender s interests in the Term Loan Facility under this Agreement) and, after giving effect thereto, the assigning Lender (if it shall retain any Commitment) shall have a Commitment of at least 1,000,000 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower; provided, however, no Lender shall be permitted to assign all or any part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to (i) any of the Permitted Holders (other than Permitted Holders described in clause (b) of the definition thereof) or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their respective associated investment funds, (ii) any Person that is a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Institution, (iii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural person). Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording in the Register, from and after the effective date determined pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, (x) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder with Commitments and/or Loans as set forth therein, and (y) the Assignor thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned in such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of an Assignor s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Assignor shall cease to be a party hereto, except as to Sections 2.16, 2.17 and 9.5 in respect of the period prior to such effective date). For purposes of the minimum assignment amounts set forth in this paragraph, multiple assignments by two or more Related Funds shall be aggregated. (d) Any designation of a Disqualified Institution (x) shall not have retroactive effect to disqualify an entity in respect of any prior assignment, participation, executed trade with respect to the foregoing that has not yet settled or executed commitment advice letter, in respect of any Lender or potential Lender permitted hereunder at the time of such assignment, participation, executed trade or commitment advice letter and (y) shall not take effect until one (1) Business Day after written notice to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with the Disqualified Institution list and shall have no liability for non-compliance by any Lender. (e) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an Assignor and an Assignee (and, in any case where the consent of any other Person is required by Section 9.6(c), by each such other Person) together with payment to the Administrative Agent of a registration and processing fee of 3,500 (provided, however, that (i) Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment and (ii) no such fee shall be required to 197 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW be paid in the case of an Assignee which is already a Lender or any affiliate, Related Fund or Control Investment Affiliate thereof), the Administrative Agent shall (A) promptly accept such Assignment and Acceptance and (B) on the effective date determined pursuant thereto record the information contained therein in the Register and give notice of such acceptance and recordation to the Borrower. On or prior to such effective date, the Borrower, at its own expense, upon request, shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (in exchange for the applicable Loan Notes of the assigning Lender) a new Loan Note to such Assignee in an amount equal to the Commitment assumed or acquired by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and, if the Assignor has retained a Commitment, upon request, a new Loan Note to the Assignor in an amount equal to the Commitment retained by it hereunder. Such new Loan Note or Loan Notes shall otherwise be in the form of the Loan Note or Loan Notes replaced thereby. (f) [Reserved]. (g) [Reserved]. (h) [Reserved]. (i) [Reserved]. (j) [Reserved]. (k) [Reserved]. (l) [Reserved]. (m) [Reserved]. (n) For avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 9.6 concerning assignments of Loans and Loan Notes relate only to absolute assignments and that such provisions do not prohibit assignments creating security interests in Loans and Loan Notes, including any pledge or assignment by a Lender of any Loan or Loan Note to any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with applicable Law. (o) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any state thereof. Each party hereto also agrees that each SPC shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 (subject to the requirements and 198 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW limitations of such Sections, Section 2.18 and 2.19, including the requirements of Section 2.17(f) and (g) (it being agreed that any required forms shall be provided solely to the Granting Lender)) with respect to its granted interest in the Commitments and the Loans outstanding from time to time as if such SPC were a Lender; provided that no SPC shall be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to any such Section than the Granting Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the interest granted by such Granting Lender to such SPC had no such grant occurred, except to the extent that entitlement to a greater amount results from a Change in Law that occurs after such interest was granted, unless such transfer was made with the Borrower s prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9.6(o), any SPC may (A) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee in the amount of 3,500 (which processing fee may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Lender, or with the prior written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) and with the payment of a processing fee in the amount of 3,500 (which processing fee may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) to any financial institutions providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Loans, and (B) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC; provided that non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates may be disclosed only with the Borrower s consent which will not be unreasonably withheld. This Section 9.6(o) may not be amended without the written consent of any SPC with Commitments outstanding at the time of such proposed amendment. To the extent an SPC provides a Loan, the applicable Granting Lender shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each SPC and the principal and stated interest amounts of each SPC s interest in the Loans held by it (the SPC Register ). The entries in the SPC Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and such Granting Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the SPC Register as the owner of the participation in question for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. No Granting Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a SPC Register (including the identity of any SPC or any information relating to a SPC s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. Section 9.7 Set-off (a) In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, each Lender shall have the right, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable Law, upon any amount becoming due and payable by the Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to set off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made by such Lender; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. Section 9.8 Counterparts. 199 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (a) This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (b) The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper- based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. Section 9.9 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Section 9.10 Integration. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, represent the entire agreement of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. Section 9.11 GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Section 9.12 Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) submits for itself and its Property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, in each case, in the County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, and appellate courts from any thereof; (b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; 200 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to its address set forth in Section 9.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent (or in the case of the Administrative Agent, the other parties hereto) shall have been notified pursuant thereto; (d) agrees that the Agents and the Lenders retain the right to bring proceedings against any Loan Party in the courts of any other jurisdiction in connection with the exercise of any rights under any Security Document or the enforcement of any judgment; (e) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law; and (f) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding referred to in this Section 9.12 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. Section 9.13 Acknowledgments. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (a)(i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Agents and the Arranger are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Arranger, on the other hand, (ii) each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b)(i) each of the Agents and the Arranger are and have been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (ii) none of the Agents nor the Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; (c) the Agents and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Agents nor the Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; and (d) each of the Agents and the Arranger (i) is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services, (ii) in the ordinary course of business, may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships and (iii) with respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by the Agents or the Arranger or any of their respective customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees not to assert any claim that any Agent or Arranger owes it any agency, fiduciary or similar duty and agrees no such duty is owed in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. Section 9.14 Confidentiality. Each of Agents and the Lenders agrees to keep confidential all non-public information provided to it by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement 201 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Information provided that nothing herein shall prevent any Agent, any Lender from disclosing any such information (a) to any Agent, any other Lender or any affiliate of any thereof, (b) to any Participant or Assignee (each, a Transferee or prospective Transferee that agrees to comply with the provisions of this Section 9.14 or substantially equivalent provisions, (c) to any of its or its affiliates employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants, other professional advisors and service providers, it being understood and agreed that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential, (d) to any financial institution that is a direct or indirect contractual counterparty or potential counterparty in swap agreements with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or such contractual counterparty s or potential counterparty s professional advisor (so long as such actual or potential contractual counterparty or professional advisor to such actual or potential contractual counterparty agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section or substantially equivalent provisions), (e) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it, (f) to the extent required in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or to the extent otherwise required pursuant to any Requirement of Law, (g) in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding, (h) that has been publicly disclosed other than in breach of this Section 9.14, (i) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lender s investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender, (j) to any other party hereto, (k) with the consent of the Borrower or (l) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided that, in the event a Lender receives a summons or subpoena to disclose confidential information to any party, such Lender shall, if legally permitted and practicable, endeavor to notify the Borrower thereof as soon as possible after receipt of such request, summons or subpoena and to afford the Loan Parties an opportunity to seek protective orders, or such other confidential treatment of such disclosed information, as the Loan Parties may deem reasonable. In addition, the Agents and the lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information with respect thereto to market data collectors, such as league table, or other similar service providers to the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.14 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. Section 9.15 [Reserved.] Section 9.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL. EACH LOAN PARTY, THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. Section 9.17 Conversion of Currencies. (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. (b) The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding 202 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrower contained in this Section 9.17 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. Section 9.18 USA PATRIOT ACT. Each Lender that is subject to the PATRIOT Act and each Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Agents, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by any Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that such Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. Section 9.19 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any Agent or any Lender, or any Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agents upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Agents, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. Section 9.20 Releases of Collateral and Guarantees. Each of the Lenders irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent to be the agent for and representative of the Lenders with respect to the Collateral and the Security Documents, and the Collateral Agent agrees that: (a) The Collateral Agent s Lien on any Property granted to or held by the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document shall be automatically and fully released (i) upon satisfaction of the Termination Conditions, (ii) at the time the Property subject to such Lien is sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (other than to any other Loan Party or other Person that would be required pursuant to any Security Document to grant a Lien on such Collateral to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties after giving effect to such Disposition) as part of or in connection with any Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) if the Property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guarantee pursuant to clause (b) below, (iv) to the extent (and only for so long as) such property constitutes an Excluded Asset or (v) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing in accordance with Section 9.1. 203 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (b) The Guarantee of a Guarantor shall be automatically and unconditionally released, and no further action by such Guarantor or the Administrative Agent is required for the release of such Guarantor s Guarantee under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if: (i) in connection with any sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of that Guarantor (including by way of merger, consolidation or dissolution) to a Person that is not the Borrower or a Guarantor, if the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition does not violate this Agreement; (ii) in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition of Capital Stock of that Guarantor to a Person that is not the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary and that results in such Guarantor ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary, if the sale, transfer or other disposition does not violate this Agreement; (iii) the Borrower designates any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with the provisions set forth under Section 6.1(c) and the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary in this Agreement, or upon such Guarantor becoming (A) a Qualified Liquefaction Development Entity, (B) a Receivables Subsidiary, (C) an Immaterial Subsidiary, (D) a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (E) a not-for-profit or special purpose Subsidiary, (F) an FLNG1 Subsidiary (as defined in the TLB Credit Agreement as of the date hereof) or (G) a Subsidiary with respect to which a guarantee would result in material adverse tax consequences, as reasonably determined by the Borrower, in each case in compliance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement; (iv) upon the merger, amalgamation, consolidation or winding up of such Guarantor with and into the Borrower or another Guarantor that is the surviving Person in such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or winding up, or upon the liquidation of such Guarantor; or (v) in accordance with the provisions of any Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. (c) In addition, any Lien on any Collateral may be subordinated to the holder of any Lien on such Collateral that is created, incurred, or assumed pursuant to clauses (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (i), (j), (l), (m) (with respect to any assets subject to such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction), (n) (solely to the extent such Lien related to Indebtedness incurred under Section 6.3(b)(xiv)), (o) (other than any Lien on the Equity Interests of any Guarantor), (p), (r), (u) (to the extent the relevant Lien is of the type to which the Lien of the Collateral Agent is otherwise required or, if requested by the Borrower, permitted to be subordinated pursuant to any of the other exceptions included in this clause (c)), (w), (x), (y), (z)(i), (bb), (cc), (dd) (in the case of subclause (dd)(ii), to the extent the relevant Lien covers cash collateral posted to secure the relevant obligation), (ee), (ff), (gg), (hh) (other than with respect to any Material Real Estate Asset that is subject to a Mortgage), (ii), (jj), (kk), (ll), (oo), (rr) and/or (ss) of the definition of Permitted Liens (and, in the case of each such clause, any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any thereof to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under clause (k) of the definition of Permitted Liens to the extent required by the terms of the obligations secured by such Liens. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) no Lien on any Property shall be released pursuant to clause (a) above unless any Lien on such Property securing the Secured Notes Obligations, any other Equal Priority Obligations and, if applicable, the Super Priority 204 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Obligations, is also being released substantially concurrently, (ii) no Guarantor shall be released pursuant to clause (b) above unless such Guarantor is also released substantially concurrently from any guarantee obligations of the Secured Notes Obligations, any other Equal Priority Obligations and, if applicable, the Super Priority Obligations, and (ii) no Lien on any Collateral shall be subordinated pursuant to clause (c) above unless any Lien on such Collateral securing the Secured Notes Obligations, any other Equal Priority Obligations and, if applicable, the Super Priority Obligations, is also being subordinated by the holders of such obligations substantially concurrently. (e) On the date that the Termination Conditions are satisfied, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Security Documents and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Collateral Agent and each Loan Party under the Security Documents shall terminate, all without the need to deliver any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. (f) It will promptly execute, authorize or file such documentation as may be reasonably requested by any Loan Party to release, or evidence the release (in registrable form, if applicable), its Liens with respect to any Collateral or the guarantee obligations of any Guarantor as set forth in this Section 9.20; provided that the foregoing shall be at the Borrower s expense and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. Section 9.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: liability; (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. Section 9.22 [Reserved]. 205 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW Section 9.23 Intercreditor Agreement. This Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, the terms of the Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control. Section 9.24 No Fiduciary Duty. Each Loan Party, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the Loan Parties, their respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Agents, the Lenders or their respective Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. Section 9.25 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the applicable interest rate, together with all fees and charges that are treated as interest under applicable law, as provided for herein or in any other document executed in connection herewith, or otherwise contracted for, charged, received, taken or reserved by any Lender, shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by such Lender in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable hereunder, together with all fees and charges that are treated as interest under applicable law payable to such Lender, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate, provided, that such excess amount shall be paid to such Lender on subsequent payment dates to the extent not exceeding the legal limitation. Section 9.26 Net Short Lenders. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any determination as to whether the requisite Lenders have (A) consented (or not consented) to any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, any Lender (other than any Lender that is a Regulated Bank) that, as a result of its interest in any total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract (other than any such total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract entered into pursuant to bona fide market making activities), has a net short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments (each, a Net Short Lender shall have no right to vote any of its Loans and Commitments and shall be deemed to have voted its interest as a Lender without discretion in the same proportion as the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders who are not Net Short Lenders. For purposes of determining whether a Lender has a net short position on any date of determination: (i) derivative contracts with respect to the Loans and Commitments and such contracts that are the functional equivalent thereof shall be counted at the notional amount thereof in Dollars, (ii) notional amounts in other currencies shall be converted to the Dollar Equivalent thereof by such Lender in a commercially reasonable manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and based on the prevailing conversion rate (determined on a mid-market basis) on the date of determination, (iii) derivative contracts in respect of an index that includes the Borrower or other Loan Parties or any instrument issued or guaranteed by the Borrower or other Loan Parties shall not be deemed to create a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments, so long as (x) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender and (y) the Borrower and other Loan Parties and any instrument issued or guaranteed by the Borrower or other Loan Parties, collectively, shall represent less than 5 of the components of such index, (iv) derivative transactions that are documented using either the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 206 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW (collectively, the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create (x) a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such Lender is a protection buyer or the equivalent thereof for such derivative transaction and (y) a long position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such Lender is a protection seller or the equivalent thereof for such derivative transaction and, in each case, (1) the Loans or the Commitments are a Reference Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction (whether specified by name in the related documentation, included as a Standard Reference Obligation on the most recent list published by Markit, if Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the relevant documentation or in any other manner), (2) the Loans or the Commitments would be a Deliverable Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction or (3) the Borrower or other Loan Parties (or its successor) is designated as a Reference Entity under the terms of such derivative transactions, (v) credit derivative transactions or other derivatives transactions not documented using the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create (x) a short position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such transactions are functionally equivalent to a transaction that offers the Lender protection in respect of the Loans or the Commitments, or as to the credit quality of the Borrower or other Loan Parties and (y) a long position with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments if such transactions are functionally equivalent to a transaction pursuant to which the Lender provides protection in respect of the Loans or the Commitments, or as to the credit quality of the Borrower or other Loan Parties, other than, in each case, as part of an index so long as (1) such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender and (2) the Borrower and other Loan Parties and any instrument issued or guaranteed by the Borrower or other Loan Parties, collectively, shall represent less than 5 of the components of such index, (vi) any bond, loan or other credit instrument issued or guaranteed by the Borrower or other Loan Parties and held by the relevant Lender shall be deemed to create a long position equal to the outstanding principal balance in respect of such instrument, and (vii) any ownership interest in the equity of the Borrower or other Loan Parties held by the relevant Lender shall be deemed to create a long position equal to the higher of (x) the current market value and (y) the price at which the Lender purchased such equity position. (b) In connection with any such determination, each Lender that is not a Regulated Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing that it is a Net Short Lender, or, in the absence of any such written notification to the Administrative Agent prior to the date of such determination, shall otherwise be deemed to have represented and warranted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it is not a Net Short Lender (it being understood and agreed that the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on each such representation and deemed representation). In no event shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether (x) any Lender is a Net Short Lender or (y) any prospective assignee pursuant to Section 9.6(a) is a Net Short Lender or have any liability in connection therewith. Section 9.27 Additional Borrowers. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, the Borrower may cause any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower to become a Borrower (provided that, in the case of any Additional Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary and not already a Guarantor of the Obligations (a) the Administrative Agent consents to such Foreign Subsidiary (it being understood that the Administrative Agent may decline to consent to a Foreign Subsidiary in its sole discretion including without limitation due to tax reasons applicable to itself or any Lender or any change in Guarantors and/or Collateral that may result from any such Foreign Subsidiary becoming an Additional Borrower), and (b) no Lender shall be obligated to make Loans to such Foreign Subsidiary in violation of such Lender s internal policies or any applicable Laws applicable to such Lender) hereunder by (i) executing a joinder agreement to this Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will include the agreement that the obligations of the Borrower and the Additional Borrower will be joint and several), (ii) executing and delivering such documents described in Section 5.10 (without regard 207 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW to time periods set forth therein), (iii) delivering an opinion of counsel to such Subsidiary addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (iv) delivering a certificate from such Domestic Subsidiary of the type described in Section 4.01(f) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (v) delivering good standing certificates (or equivalent evidence) and bring-down letters or facsimiles, if any, for such Domestic Subsidiary which the Administrative Agent reasonably may have requested, or, in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary, similar documents and certificates as may be reasonably requested in the jurisdiction of organization of such Person, (vi) agreeing to any related amendments to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and (vii) (x) furnishing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all documentation and other information that they reasonably determine is required by United States regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, at least five Business Days prior to the effectiveness of the joinder of such Subsidiary, and (y) delivering, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of the joinder of such Subsidiary, for any Subsidiary that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Subsidiary; provided that New Fortress Energy Inc., as a Borrower, shall not be released from any of its Obligations hereunder or any other Loan Documents, all of which shall be deemed affirmed and confirmed after giving effect to such designation. Section 9.28 Release of Additional Borrowers. If, in compliance with the terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, all of the Equity Interests of any Additional Borrower are sold or otherwise transferred to a Person or Persons none of which is (x) a Loan Party or (y) an Affiliate of Borrower (other than any sale or transfer to an Affiliate of Borrower for a bona fide business purpose of Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (the primary purpose of which is not to evade the Guarantor requirements of the Loan Documents)) and the Borrower has delivered written notice to the Administrative Agent specifying in reasonable detail to such effect, and each other Borrower shall have confirmed and reaffirmed its continuing obligations with respect to the Loans and other Obligations of such Additional Borrower, after giving effect to such release then such Additional Borrower shall be automatically released from its obligations under this Agreement and all other Loan Documents (including its obligations to pledge and grant any Collateral owned by it pursuant to any Collateral Document) without further action by any person, and the Administrative Agent shall at the sole expense of the Borrowers execute and deliver without recourse, representation or warranty all releases or other documents as are reasonably requested by the Borrowers and necessary or desirable to effect and/or evidence such release, so long as the Borrowers shall have provided the Agents such certifications or documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in order to demonstrate compliance with this Agreement. Section 9.29 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Contracts or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree that, with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the following provisions applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York or of the United States or any other state of the United States), in the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to 208 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. SECTION 10.GUARANTEES. Subject to this Section 10, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Agreement, the Loans or the Borrower Obligations, that: (a) the Borrower Obligations shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the Loans, if any, if lawful, and all other Borrower Obligations shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof; and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Loans or any of such other Borrower Obligations, that same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection. The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Loan Documents, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by the Administrative Agent with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Borrower, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the extent permitted by law) diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower, any right to require a proceeding first against the Borrower, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that this Guarantee shall not be discharged except pursuant to Section 9.20, and any rights of orden and excusi n it may have by virtue of law or otherwise, as provided in Articles 2812 (two thousand eight hundred and twelve), 2814 (two thousand eight hundred and fourteen) and 2816 (two thousand eight hundred and sixteen) of the Mexican Federal Civil Code, and its relative articles of the civil code of any state of Mexico. This Section 10 shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. Each Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or against the Borrower for liquidation or reorganization, should the Borrower become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the Borrower s assets, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Obligations are, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee on the Obligations, whether as a voidable preference , fraudulent transfer or otherwise, 209 

897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Obligations shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. In case any provision of this Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This Guarantee issued by any Guarantor shall be a general senior obligation of such Guarantor and shall be equal in right of payment with all existing and future Senior Indebtedness of such Guarantor, including the 2025 Note Guarantees, the 2026 Note Guarantees and the 2029 Note Guarantees of such Guarantor. Each payment to be made by a Guarantor in respect of its Guarantee shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, reduction or diminution of any kind or nature. Each Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Section 10, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee not constituting unlawful financial assistance, a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law. Each Guarantor that makes a payment under its Guarantee shall be entitled upon payment in full of all guaranteed Obligations under this Agreement to a contribution from each other Guarantor in an amount equal to such other Guarantor s pro rata portion of such payment based on the respective net assets of all the Guarantors at the time of such payment determined in accordance with GAAP. Any Guarantee of a Guarantor incorporated under the laws of England and Wales shall not apply to the extent that it would result in such Guarantee constituting unlawful financial assistance within the meaning of sections 678 or 679 of the Companies Act 2006. Any Guarantee of a Guarantor incorporated under the laws of Ireland shall not apply to the extent that it would result in such Guarantee constituting financial assistance as prohibited by section 82 of the Irish Companies Act 2014. No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor s obligations under this Section 10, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until the Termination Conditions have been satisfied. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the 210 897275.26-LACSR02A1256467.05C-CHISR02A - MSW later of the date the Termination Conditions are satisfied and the Maturity Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied to the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Section 10, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Obligations or other amounts payable under this Section 10 thereafter arising. If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Obligations, (ii) the Termination Conditions have been satisfied and (iii) the Maturity Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantor s request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor. For purposes of this Section 10, each Guarantor incorporated or formed under the laws of Mexico (each a Mexican Guarantor ), specifically for the purpose of receiving legal and/or judicial service of process in the United States of America in connection with this Section 10, independently from the Lenders right to make and deliver services of process to the Mexican Guarantors in any other way or form which is legally valid, hereby designates the following agent and attorney-in-fact for such purposes in the United States of America (the Mexican Process Agent ): NFE Management LLC The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801 United States of America Each Mexican Guarantor represents and warrants to the Lenders that on the date on which such entity joins this Agreement as a Guarantor (each, an Accession Date ), it has received evidence of the acceptance by the Mexican Process Agent of its appointment as such by the Mexican Guarantors. Additionally, each Mexican Guarantor covenants and agrees that it will take all necessary and appropriate action in order to grant in favor of the Mexican Process Agent, and within the fifteen (15) calendar days immediately following the applicable Accession Date, a document of authority or power of attorney granted by each Mexican Guarantor in favor of the Mexican Process Agent in full compliance with Mexican law and duly formalized for its validity in Mexico, through such corporate actions as may be required by each Mexican Guarantor s incorporation documents and bylaws in order to fully and duly formalize the designation of the Mexican Process Agent as each Mexican Guarantor s agent for service of process in the United States of America in accordance with Mexican law. Each Mexican Guarantor hereby agrees to provide a copy of the formalization of the designation of the Mexican Process Agent within the twenty-five (25) Business Day immediately following the Accession Date of such Mexican Guarantor. [Signature Pages Follow] 211 

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 5
 transactionsupportagreem.htm
 EX-10.54

transactionsupportagreem 

Execution Version THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OR ACCEPTANCE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE ON THE TERMS DESCRIBED HEREIN, NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT SHALL BE AN ADMISSION OF FACT OR LIABILITY OR DEEMED BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO. THIS TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT DOES NOT PURPORT TO SUMMARIZE ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN, WHICH TRANSACTIONS WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE COMPLETION OF DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATING THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN AND THE CLOSING OF ANY TRANSACTION SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN SUCH DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS AND THE APPROVAL RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN SUCH DEFINITIVE DOCUMENTS, IN EACH CASE, SUBJECT TO THE TERMS HEREOF. TRANSACTION SUPPORT AGREEMENT This Transaction Support Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of September 30, 2024, is entered into by and among New Fortress Energy Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and each of the undersigned holders of, or the investment advisor or manager to a beneficial or legal holder or holders of (and in such capacity having the power to direct the voting and disposition of the notes held by such holder(s)) the Notes as defined herein (each a Supporting Holder and, collectively, the Supporting Holders ). The Company, the Supporting Holders and any subsequent person that becomes a party hereto in accordance with the terms hereof are referred to herein as the Parties. WHEREAS, the Company has issued an outstanding 875,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.750 Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of September 2, 2020, by and between the Company, certain guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (the 2025 Notes Indenture ), an outstanding 1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.500 Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ), pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and between the Company, certain guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (the 2026 Notes Indenture ), and an outstanding 750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 8.750 Senior Secured Notes (the 2029 Notes and, together with the 2025 Notes and 2026 Notes, the Notes pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of March 8, 2024, by and between the Company, certain guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (the 2029 Notes Indenture and, together with the 2025 Notes Indenture and 2026 Notes Indenture, the Indentures WHEREAS, the Company and the Supporting Holders have engaged in arm s-length, good faith negotiations regarding the terms of a recapitalization of the Company s indebtedness (the Transactions on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and as 2 specified in the term sheet attached as Exhibit A hereto (the Term Sheet and as will be specified in the Definitive Documents (as defined below); WHEREAS, the Transactions shall be implemented through a series of out-of-court transactions in which (i) the Supporting Holders shall purchase 1,200,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 12.000 Senior Secured Notes (the New Notes of a newly-formed unrestricted subsidiary of the Company NewCo pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the Company shall capitalize NewCo and consummate the other intercompany transactions (the Intercompany Transactions as set forth in the Term Sheet, (iii) the Company shall use the proceeds of the New Notes and the Intercompany Transactions to (a) satisfy and discharge all outstanding 2025 Notes and (b) for general corporate purposes, (iv) the Supporting Holders shall exchange (the Private Exchange their 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes for additional New Notes at a price of 1,000 New Notes for each 1,000 of 2026 Notes or 2029 Notes so exchanged, and (v) the Company shall seek certain amendments to, or consents under, each of the Indentures that, as described in the Term Sheet (the Proposed Amendments ), will result in the subordination of the 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes that remain outstanding after giving effect to the Transactions with respect to certain specified assets and/or proceeds thereof as set forth in the Term Sheet; WHEREAS, subject to the limitations set forth herein, the Supporting Holders collectively beneficially own as of the Agreement Effective Date (as defined below) the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (and/or serve as the investment advisor or manager for the beneficial holder(s) of such Notes having the power to vote and dispose of such holdings on behalf of such beneficial holder(s)), and each Supporting Holder is hereby willing to exchange such Notes, and grant its consent to the Proposed Amendments, in the manner, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Term Sheet. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: Section 1. Interpretation. (a) in the appropriate context, each term, whether stated in the singular or the plural, shall include both the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine, and the neuter gender; (b) capitalized terms defined only in the plural or singular form shall nonetheless have their defined meanings when used in the opposite form; (c) unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to an existing document, schedule, or exhibit shall mean such document, schedule, or exhibit, as it may have been or may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time prior; provided, that, any capitalized terms herein which are defined with reference to another agreement, are defined with reference to such other agreement as of the date of this Agreement, without giving effect to any termination of such other agreement or amendments to such capitalized terms in any such other agreement following the date hereof; 

3 (d) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to Sections, Schedules, or Exhibits, respectively, are references to Sections of this Agreement; (e) the words herein, hereof, and hereto refer to this Agreement in its entirety rather than to any particular portion of this Agreement; (f) captions and headings to Sections are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the interpretation of this Agreement; (g) references to shareholders, directors, and/or officers shall also include members and/or managers, as applicable, as such terms are defined under the applicable limited liability company Laws; (h) the use of include or including is without limitation, whether stated or not; and (i) unless otherwise specified, when calculating the period of time before which, within which, or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded and, if the last day of such period is not a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the State of New York (a Business Day ), the period in question shall end on the next succeeding Business Day. Section 2. Commitments. (a) Supporting Holder Commitments. Each Supporting Holder, severally (and not jointly), further agrees and covenants, with respect to all Notes held by or beneficially owned by such Supporting Holder, that: (1) it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to consent, submit, or tender, or cause to be tendered on its behalf (and not withdraw or cause to be withdrawn) its 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes in the Private Exchange on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Definitive Documents and in accordance with the Term Sheet, and subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 5(b)); (2) it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to vote its 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes in favor of the Proposed Amendments (and not withdraw such vote), subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 5(b)); (3) it shall fund its New Money Commitment Amount in accordance with Section 9 hereof; (4) it will take no actions inconsistent with this Agreement or the Term Sheet or the consummation of the Transactions, and shall use 4 commercially reasonable efforts to take such additional actions reasonably necessary to effect the agreements contained herein; (5) it will, to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, hinder, or delay the consummation of the Transactions contemplated herein and in the Term Sheet, use commercially reasonable efforts to take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to address any such impediment; (6) it will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify counsel to the Company within one (1) Business Day after obtaining knowledge thereof of (i) any breach by the Company and/or any Supporting Holder in any respect of any of their respective obligations, representations, warranties, or covenants set forth in this Agreement or (ii) the occurrence of a Termination Event (as defined below); (7) it shall not (i) object to, delay, impede or take any other action to interfere with acceptance or implementation of the Transactions or (ii) encourage any person or entity (including, without limitation, the trustee under each of the Indentures) to do any of the foregoing; and (8) except as expressly provided herein, it shall not take any actions inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the Term Sheet or the consummation of the Transactions, and shall take such additional actions reasonably necessary to effect the agreements contained herein. (b) Additional Provisions Regarding Supporting Holder Commitments. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained herein, nothing in this Agreement shall: (1) impair or prevent any Supporting Holder from (i) enforcing this Agreement or any Definitive Document or contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement or any Definitive Document, including, without limitation, by exercising its rights or remedies reserved herein or in the Definitive Documents or (ii) exercising any right or remedy for the enforcement, collection, or recovery under one or more of the Indentures upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under and as defined in one or more of the Indentures; (2) prevent any Supporting Holder from taking any action that is required by applicable law (as determined by such Supporting Holder), provided that if such Supporting Holder proposes to take any action that is otherwise materially inconsistent with this Agreement in order to comply with applicable law, such Supporting Holder shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law and 

5 reasonably practicable, provide at least two (2) Business Days advance written notice to the other Parties prior to taking any such action; (3) require any Supporting Holder to take any action that is prohibited by applicable law or to waive or forego the benefit of any applicable legal privilege (as determined by such Supporting Holder in good faith), provided that if such Supporting Holder plans to refuse to take any action in a manner that is otherwise inconsistent with this Agreement in order to comply with applicable law, such Supporting Holder shall provide at least two (2) Business Days advance written notice to the other Parties prior to taking such action; (4) be construed to prevent the Supporting Holders from exercising any consent rights or their rights or remedies specifically reserved herein or in the Definitive Documents; or (5) except as expressly provided herein, require any Supporting Holder to incur any expenses, liabilities, or other obligations, or to agree to any commitments, undertakings, concessions, indemnities, or other arrangements that could result in expenses, liabilities, or other obligations. (c) Company Commitments. The Company agrees and covenants, subject to its obligations under applicable law and regulations, that, from the Agreement Effective Date through any Termination Date: (1) it will use commercially reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken all actions necessary to consummate the Transactions on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Term Sheet and the Definitive Documents (as defined below); (2) it shall comply in all respects with the obligations set forth in Section 10, Exclusivity, hereof; (3) it will negotiate in good faith and use commercially reasonable efforts to execute, deliver, perform its obligations under, and consummate the transactions contemplated by, the Definitive Documents, the terms of which shall be in accordance with the Term Sheet; (4) it will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all consents, regulatory (including self-regulatory) approvals, and third-party approvals that are necessary and/or advisable for the implementation or consummation of any part of the Transactions; (5) it will take no actions inconsistent with this Agreement or the Term Sheet or the consummation of the Transactions, and shall take such 6 additional actions reasonably necessary to effect the agreements contained herein; (6) it will, to the extent any legal or structural impediment arises that would prevent, hinder, or delay the consummation of the Transactions contemplated herein and in the Term Sheet, take all steps reasonably necessary and desirable to address any such impediment; (7) it will satisfy and discharge, in accordance with the Term Sheet and the Definitive Documents, all 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes held by the Company or its Subsidiaries after giving effect to the Transactions; (8) it will (i) complete the preparation, as soon as practicable after the Agreement Effective Date, of each of the Definitive Documents necessary to implement the Transactions, (ii) provide each of the Definitive Documents to, and afford reasonable opportunity for comment and review of each of the Definitive Documents by, counsel to the Supporting Holders, and (iii) in accordance with Section 8, obtain the written consent (with email from counsel being sufficient) of the Majority Supporting Holders (as defined below) to the form and substance of each of the Definitive Documents; (9) it will execute a supplemental indenture, intercreditor agreement and/or a subordination agreement (each, a Supplemental Indenture with respect to each of the 2026 Indenture and 2029 Indenture to effect the Proposed Amendments, so that each is operative concurrently with the settlement of the consummation of the Transactions in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Term Sheet; (10) it will maintain the good standing and legal existence of the Company and any joint ventures or other entity (including NewCo, once formed) in which the Company has a direct or indirect equity interest under the laws of the state or jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, organized or formed, excluding any dormant or immaterial subsidiaries; (11) it will, except for such matters that are approved by the Majority Supporting Holders (including by counsel to the Majority Supporting Holders on their behalf) in writing from time to time, conduct its businesses and operations in the ordinary course and in compliance with applicable law; (12) it will promptly provide any Supporting Holder with any documentation or information related to the Transactions that is 

7 reasonably requested by such Supporting Holder or is reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions, including know your customer and like materials, which documentation and information shall be subject to any confidentiality restrictions to which the Supporting Holder may be subject; (13) it will, upon reasonable request by the Majority Supporting Holders (which, in each case, may be through the counsel), cause management and advisors of the Company to inform and/or confer with the Supporting Holders or their advisors as to (i) the status and progress of the Transactions, including progress in relation to the negotiations of the Definitive Documents; (ii) the status of obtaining any necessary authorizations (including any consents) with respect to the Transactions from each Supporting Holder, any competent judicial body, governmental authority, banking, taxation, supervisory, regulatory body, or any stock exchange; (iii) operational and financial performance matters (including liquidity), collateral matters, and the general status of ongoing operations, and (iv), reasonable responses to all reasonable diligence requests, subject to any applicable restrictions and limitations set forth in any Confidentiality Agreements then in effect, which the Company agrees to provide in a timely manner; it being understood that any confidential information provided hereunder shall be governed by the non-disclosure agreement or other confidentiality obligations then in effect between the Company and each Supporting Holder receiving such information; (14) it will promptly notify counsel to the Supporting Holders, and in any event within one (1) Business Day after obtaining knowledge thereof, of (i) any breach by the Company and/or any Supporting Holder in any respect of any of their respective obligations, representations, warranties, or covenants set forth in this Agreement or (ii) the occurrence of a Termination Event (as defined below); (15) it will not: (i) consummate the Transactions unless each of the conditions to the consummation of such transactions set forth in this Agreement and/or the Definitive Documents has been satisfied (or waived by the applicable Parties as required herein or in the applicable Definitive Document); (ii) object to, delay, impede, or take any other action to interfere with acceptance, implementation, or consummation of the Transactions; 8 (iii) solicit, initiate, encourage, or propose any Alternative Transaction (as defined below); (iv) amend the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other similar organizational documents (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) of it or Newco in a manner that would be adverse to the Supporting Holders, other than in connection with any amendment of the terms of the Company s existing Series A convertible preferred stock, or the issuance of new convertible preferred stock in exchange for Company s existing Series A convertible preferred stock, with such terms that would not be materially adverse to the Supporting Holders; (v) other than as contemplated by the Transactions, make any payment in satisfaction of any existing funded indebtedness other than regularly scheduled payments of interest and any required principal payment required under a finance or capital lease and as would otherwise be permitted under the Indentures; (vi) other than pursuant to an agreement in effect as of the date hereof pursuant to the Company s executive compensation plans, (i) issue, deliver or sell, or authorize the issuance, delivery or sale of, any Company securities, repurchase, redeem or retire any Company securities (except pursuant to the Transactions, the Equity Raise and/or as contemplated in the Term Sheet, or any issuance of convertible preferred stock as described in clause (iv) above or any shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon conversion of the Company s convertible preferred stock) or (ii) amend any term of any Company security (in each case, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise) in a manner that would be adverse to the Supporting Holders; (vii) enter into any agreement or arrangement that waives, releases or assigns, or modifies in any material respect, any of its material rights, claims or benefits, other than in the ordinary course of business substantially consistent with past practice or in furtherance of the Transactions; (viii) sell, lease or otherwise transfer, or create or incur any lien on, any of its assets, securities, properties, interests or businesses, other than in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or in furtherance of the Transactions; 

9 (ix) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person or entity, other than in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or in furtherance of the Transactions; (x) (1) execute or file any agreement, instrument, form, or other document that is utilized to implement or effectuate, or that otherwise relates to, this Agreement and/or the Transactions that, in whole or in part, is not consistent in all material respects with this Agreement or the Definitive Documents, as applicable, including the consent rights of the Supporting Holders set forth herein or (2) waive, amend, or modify any of the Definitive Documents, which waiver, amendment, modification, or filing contains any provision that is not consistent in all material respects with this Agreement, including the consent rights set forth herein; or (xi) (1) seek discovery in connection with, prepare, or commence any proceeding or other action that challenges (A) the amount, validity, allowance, character, enforceability, or priority of any claims of the Supporting Holders arising under the Notes or the Indentures, or (B) the validity, enforceability, or perfection of any lien or other encumbrance securing any such claims or (2) support any Person in connection with any of the acts described this Section 2(c)(15)(xi). (d) Additional Provisions Regarding Company Commitments. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained herein, nothing in this Agreement shall: (1) impair or prevent the Company from enforcing this Agreement or any Definitive Document or contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement or any Definitive Document, including, without limitation, by exercising its rights or remedies reserved herein or in the Definitive Documents; or (2) be construed to prevent the Company from exercising any consent rights or its rights or remedies specifically reserved herein or in the Definitive Documents. Section 3. Effectiveness. (a) Agreement Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective and binding upon each of the Parties that has executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this Agreement at 11:59 p.m., prevailing Eastern Time, on the date on which all of the following 10 conditions have been satisfied or waived in accordance with this Agreement (the Agreement Effective Date ): (1) the Company shall have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages of this Agreement to counsel to each of the Parties as specified in Section 21; (2) each Supporting Holder listed on Schedule 1 hereof shall have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages of this Agreement to counsel to each of the Parties specified in Section 22; (3) the Company shall have sold equity of the Company yielding gross cash proceeds to the Company of not less than 250,000,000 upon terms satisfactory to the Majority Supporting Holders (the Equity Raise and (4) the Company shall have obtained amendments to each of (i) that certain Credit Agreement, entered into on April 15, 2021, among the Company, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent and as collateral agent (as amended, restated, and otherwise modified from time to time, the Revolving Credit Agreement ), (ii) that certain Credit Agreement entered into on July 19, 2024, among the Company, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent (as amended, restated, and otherwise modified from time to time, the Term Loan A Credit Agreement ), and (iii) that certain Uncommitted Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, entered into on July 16, 2021, among the Company, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the issuing banks from time to time party thereto, and Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent and as collateral agent (as amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the LC Credit Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit C attached hereto. (b) Termination Date. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Agreement Effective Date until validly terminated in accordance with the terms hereof (the date on which such termination occurs, the Termination Date ). Section 4. Representations and Warranties of Each Party. Each of the Parties severally (and not jointly) represents and warrants as to itself only to each of the other Parties hereto that the following statements are true and correct as of the Agreement Effective Date: 

11 (a) Power and Authority. It has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under, this Agreement. (b) Authorization. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary action on its part. (c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement do not and shall not (i) violate any provision of law, rule or regulation applicable to it or its certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or other organizational documents) or (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material contractual obligations to which it is a party. (d) Governmental Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement do not and shall not require any registration or filing with, consent or approval of, or notice to, or other action to, with or by, any federal, state or other governmental authority or regulatory body, assuming the accuracy of the Supporting Holders representations in Section 5 hereof. (e) Binding Obligation. Upon the occurrence of the Agreement Effective Date, this Agreement is the legally valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. (f) Alternative Transaction Negotiations. It is not a party to, or in discussions regarding, any contract, agreement, commitment, understanding or other binding agreement or obligation (written or oral) with any other person with respect to an Alternative Transaction (as defined below). (g) Good Standing. It is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization. Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Supporting Holders. Each of the Supporting Holders severally (and not jointly) represents and warrants as to itself only to each of the other Parties hereto that the following statements are true and correct as of the Agreement Effective Date: that it: (a) Nature of Purchase. Each Supporting Holder acknowledges and agrees (1) is either a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or, for a Supporting Holder located outside the United States, a non-U.S. person as defined in Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act; 12 (2) is acquiring the New Notes for its own account, for investment, and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof in violation of the registration provisions of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (3) is aware that an investment in the New Notes involves economic risk and that it may lose its entire investment in the New Notes and that the New Notes will be restricted securities under the federal securities laws, will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be sold except pursuant to an effective registration statement thereunder or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and; (4) has adequate information concerning the business and affairs of the Company to make an informed decision regarding the exchange by it of the 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes for the New Notes, and has independently and without reliance upon the Company (other than reliance on the accuracy of the Company s representations and warranties set forth herein), and based upon such information such Supporting Holder has deemed appropriate, made its own analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. provided, however it is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties (whether set forth in Section 4 above or this Section 5) made by a Supporting Holder that is an investment manager, advisor, or subadvisor of a beneficial owner of Notes are made with respect to, and on behalf of, such beneficial owner and not such investment manager, advisor, or subadvisor, and, if applicable, are made severally (and not jointly) with respect to the investment funds, accounts, and other investment vehicles managed by such investment manager, advisor, or subadvisor, (b) Ownership of the Notes. Each Supporting Holder severally (and not jointly) represents and warrants as to itself only that it beneficially owns (and/or (i) serves as the investment advisor or manager for the beneficial holder(s) of such Notes having the power to vote and dispose of such holdings on behalf of such beneficial holder(s) or (ii) to the extent it has loaned or transferred any Notes to any third-party on a temporary basis pursuant to any loan or repurchase agreement (any such notes, Loaned Notes ), it has recalled any Loaned Notes to the extent possible, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to beneficially own any such Notes as of the closing date of the Transactions) as of the Agreement Effective Date the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth opposite its name on Schedule 1 hereto, which represent all the Notes beneficially owned (or recalled or managed as set forth above) by such Supporting Holder as of the Agreement Effective Date, and such Notes, and any Additional Notes (defined below) acquired by the Supporting Holder following the Agreement Effective Date, in each case, shall be owned by the Supporting Holder free and clear of any pledge, security interest, claim, lien or other encumbrance of any kind or, with respect to any recalled notes as set forth above, shall be so owned if such Notes are successfully recalled prior to the consummation of the Transactions. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any Supporting Holder s inability to participate in the Private Exchange or consent to 

13 the Proposed Amendments with respect to any Notes on account of an inability to recall Loaned Notes, if any, prior to consummation of the Transactions, or on account of applicable internal and external guidelines and restrictions, shall not be a default with respect to such Supporting Holder s obligations under this Agreement or any Definitive Document. Section 6. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to each of the other Parties hereto that the following statements are true and correct as of the Agreement Effective Date, that: (a) Diligence Materials. The diligence materials and other information concerning the Company that the Company or its advisors provided to any other Party are true and correct in all material respects. (b) Fiduciary Duties. The Company believes that entry into this Agreement is consistent with the exercise of the Company s fiduciary duties. Section 7. Transfer Restrictions; Joinder. Each Supporting Holder severally (and not jointly) covenants that, from the Agreement Effective Date until the earlier of (i) the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 12, Section 13, Section 14 or Section 15 hereof or (ii) the consummation of the Transactions, such Supporting Holder shall be bound by the following transfer restrictions provisions set forth in this Section 7 (including with respect to any Additional Notes (as defined below) acquired by the Supporting Holder following the Agreement Effective Date): (a) from the Agreement Effective Date through any Termination Date, no Supporting Holder shall sell, resell, reallocate, use, pledge, assign, transfer, loan, grant, hypothecate, participate, donate, or otherwise encumber or dispose of, directly or indirectly (including through derivatives, options, swaps, pledges, forward sales, or other transactions) (each of the foregoing transactions, a Transfer any ownership (including any beneficial ownership as defined in the Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) in any 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, or 2029 Notes to any Affiliated1 or unaffiliated party (a Transferee ), including any party in which it may hold a direct or indirect beneficial interest, unless either (i) the Transferee executes and delivers to counsel to the Company and counsel to the Supporting Holders, at or before the time of the proposed Transfer, an executed form of joinder, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, providing that, among other things, that such Person signatory thereto is bound by the terms of this Agreement, and following such execution, shall be a Party under this Agreement (a Joinder ), (ii) the Transferee is a Supporting Holder or an Affiliate thereof that has executed a Joinder at or before the time of the proposed Transfer and the Transferee provides notice of such Transfer (including the amount and type of Notes Transferred) to counsel to the Company and counsel to the Supporting Holders within three (3) Business Days after the time of the Transfer, 1 Affiliate means any other entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, such specified entity. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled by, and under common control with as used with respect to any entity shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the right or power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement, or otherwise. 14 or (iii) such Transfer is in connection with the bona fide liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or wind-down of a collateralized loan obligation, collateralized debt obligation or similar investment vehicle for which the underlying Notes serve as collateral and the Transferee in connection therewith has executed a Joinder at or before the time of the proposed Transfer. (b) Upon compliance with the requirements of Section 7(a) above, the Transferee shall be deemed a Supporting Holder and a Party under this Agreement and the transferor shall be deemed to relinquish its rights (and be released from its obligations) under this Agreement to the extent of the rights and obligations in respect of such transferred Notes; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt and as set forth in Section 9(c) of this Agreement, no Transfer of Notes to any third party, regardless of whether such transfer is permitted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, shall result in the transfer of any transferor s obligations to fund the New Money Commitment Amount, nor shall any Transfer release any Supporting Holder of its commitments or obligations hereunder with respect to its obligation fund its New Money Commitment Amount. Any Transfer in violation of Section 7(a) above shall be void ab initio and of no force or effect until such a Joinder is executed and effective. (c) Except as expressly provided in this Section 7(c), this Agreement shall in no way be construed to preclude the Supporting Holders from acquiring additional Notes Additional Notes provided, however, that (i) such additional Notes shall automatically and immediately upon acquisition by a Supporting Holder be deemed subject to the terms of this Agreement (regardless of when or whether notice of such acquisition is given to counsel to the Company or counsel to the Supporting Holders), (ii) such Supporting Holders must provide notice of such acquisition (including the amount and type of Notes acquired) to counsel to the Company and counsel to the Supporting Holders within five (5) Business Days of such acquisition, and (iii) any acquisition of Additional Notes which are 2026 Notes or 2029 Notes shall require the consent of the Majority Supporting Holders (with such consent not to be unreasonably withheld by any individual Supporting Holder). For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, all Transfers of Notes shall remain subject to the terms of the Indentures. (d) Notwithstanding Section 7(a), any entity that (a) holds itself out to the public or the applicable private markets as standing ready in the ordinary course of business to purchase from customers and sell to customers Notes (or enter with customers into long and/or short positions in Notes), in its capacity as a dealer or market maker in Notes and (b) is, in fact, regularly in the business of making a market in claims against issuers or borrowers (including debt securities or other debt) (a Qualified Marketmaker that acquires any Notes with the purpose and intent of acting as a Qualified Marketmaker for such Notes shall not be required to execute and deliver a Joinder in respect of such notes if (i) such Qualified Marketmaker subsequently transfers such Notes (by purchase, sale, assignment, participation, or otherwise) within ten (10) Business Days of its acquisition to a Transferee that is an entity that is not an Affiliate, Affiliated fund, or Affiliated entity with a common investment advisor; and (ii) such transferee has executed a Joinder at or before the time of the proposed Transfer; and (iii) the Transfer otherwise is permitted under Section 7(a). To the extent that a Supporting Holder is acting in its capacity as a Qualified Marketmaker, it may Transfer (by purchase, sale, assignment, participation, or otherwise) any right, title, or interests in Notes that the Qualified Marketmaker acquires from a holder of the Notes who is not a Supporting Holder without the requirement that the Transferee be a permitted Transferee pursuant to Section 7(a). 

15 (e) The Company understands that the Supporting Holders are engaged in a wide range of financial services and businesses, and, in furtherance of the foregoing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligations set forth in this Agreement shall only apply to the trading desk(s) and/or business group(s) of the Supporting Holders that principally manage and/or supervise each Supporting Holder s investment in the Company as set forth in the signature pages hereto, and shall not apply to any other trading desk or business group of each Supporting Holder, so long as they are not acting at the direction or for the benefit of such Supporting Holder or in connection with such Supporting Holder s investment in the Company. (f) Further, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Parties agree that, in connection with the delivery of signature pages to this Agreement by a Supporting Holder that is a Qualified Marketmaker before the occurrence of conditions giving rise to the effective date for the obligations and the support hereunder, such Supporting Holder shall be a Supporting Holder hereunder solely with respect to the Notes listed on such signature pages and shall not be required to comply with this Agreement for any other Notes it may hold from time to time in its role as a Qualified Marketmaker. (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7, the restrictions on Transfer set forth in this Section 7 shall not apply to the grant of any liens or encumbrances on any Notes in favor of a bank or broker-dealer holding custody of such Notes in the ordinary course of business and which lien or encumbrance is released upon the Transfer of such Notes (h) Any holder of 2026 Notes or 2029 Notes may, subject to the consent of the Majority Supporting Holders (with such consent not to be unreasonably withheld by any individual Supporting Holder), become a Supporting Holder (any such Supporting Holder, a Subsequent Supporting Holder party to this Agreement by executing and delivering a Joinder to the Supporting Holders and the Company pursuant to Section 21 hereof. Section 8. Definitive Documents. (a) The Definitive Documents governing the Transactions shall include this Agreement, the Term Sheet, the Supplemental Indentures, intercreditor agreement, subordination agreement and or other documents effectuating the Proposed Amendments, the definitive documents governing the New Notes (including an indenture and guarantee and security documents), the definitive documents governing all intercompany loans contemplated by the Term Sheet (including loan or credit agreements and guarantee and security documents), a notes purchase agreement or similar document with respect to the purchase of the New Notes, the corporate governance documents of NewCo, and all other documents (including all exhibits, schedules, supplements, appendices, annexes, instructions and attachments thereto) that are utilized to implement or effectuate, or that otherwise relate to, the Transactions. (b) Each of the Definitive Documents not executed or in a form attached to this Agreement as of the Agreement Effective Date remains subject to negotiation and completion. Upon completion, the Definitive Documents and every other document, deed, agreement, filing, notification, letter, or instrument related to the Transactions shall each contain terms, conditions, representations, warranties, and covenants consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the 16 Term Sheet. The Definitive Documents not otherwise executed as of the Agreement Effective Date or attached hereto shall be, to the extent permitted by law, consistent with this Agreement in all respects and otherwise acceptable in form and substance to the Majority Supporting Holders (as defined below). (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any change after the Agreement Effective Date, the Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) as of the consummation of the transactions, the Company s corporate organizational structure and compliance with its corporate governance documents and applicable law shall be satisfactory to the Majority Supporting Holders, and that the Definitive Documents shall contain, as applicable, conditions precedent providing that each of the foregoing is reasonably acceptable to each Supporting Holder as of the consummation of the Transactions, and (ii) any corporate organizational or other restructuring steps taken for any reason, including, without limitation, in connection with the tax consequences of the Transactions, shall be reasonably acceptable to the Majority Supporting Holders, irrespective of whether the agreements pursuant to which such steps are taken are Definitive Documents. Section 9. New Money Commitment. (a) Each Supporting Holder hereby commits, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Definitive Documents, to fund, via purchase for cash on the closing date of the Transactions, its respective portion of the aggregate principal amount of the New Notes as set forth on Schedule 2 (the New Money Commitment Percentage and each Supporting Holder s portion its New Money Commitment Amount ). The commitments of the Supporting Holders to fund their respective New Money Commitment Amounts are several, not joint, such that no Supporting Holder shall be liable or otherwise responsible for the New Money Commitment Amount of any other Supporting Holder. (b) Each Supporting Holder shall have the right to employ the services of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, funds, entities, accounts and clients managed or advised by such Supporting Holders) in providing all or a portion of its New Money Commitment Amount; provided, the foregoing shall not release any Supporting Holder of its commitments or obligations hereunder. Each Supporting Holder shall also have the right to allocate all or a portion of any fees (in the form of cash, additional New Notes or other securities) due with respect to its New Money Commitment to its Affiliates (including, without limitation, funds, entities, accounts and clients managed or advised by such Supporting Holders) as it may designate. Except as expressly provided in this Section 9(b), no Holder may Transfer any portion of its obligation to fund its New Money Commitment Amount and any attempted Transfer in violation of this provision shall be ineffective and void ab initio. (c) In the event that any Supporting Holder fails to timely fund its New Money Commitment Amount (a Funding Default and such holder, a Funding Default Holder ), the Supporting Holders (other than any Funding Default Holder) shall have the right, but not the obligation, within five (5) Business Days after receipt of written notice from the Company to all Supporting Holders of such Funding Default, which notice shall be given within one (1) Business Day following the occurrence of such Funding Default and to all Supporting Holders substantially concurrently (such five (5) Business Day period, the Replacement Period ), to elect, by written 

17 notice to the Company, to fund all or any portion of such Funding Default Holder s unfunded New Money Commitment Amount (such funding, a Replacement Funding, and any Supporting Holders providing Replacement Funding, the Replacing Funding Holders on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in such amounts as may be agreed upon by all of the non-defaulting Supporting Holders that elect to fund all or any portion of such Funding Default Holder s New Money Commitment Amount, or, if no such agreement is reached by the date upon which the Replacement Period expires, based upon each such electing Supporting Holder s pro rata share of such unfunded New Money Commitment Amount, determined based on the New Money Commitment Amounts of the applicable Replacing Funding Holders. Within one (1) Business Day following the expiration of the Replacement Period, the Company shall provide each Replacing Funding Holder with a written notice (the Replacement Funding Notice of the additional New Money Commitment Amount it shall fund with respect to the Replacement Funding. Within one (1) Business Day from receipt of the Replacement Funding Notice, each Replacing Funding Holder will fund its allocated portion of the Replacement Funding, with any failure to do so being treating as a Funding Default in accordance with this Section 9(c). If a Funding Default occurs, the closing date of the Transactions shall be delayed only to the extent necessary to allow for the Replacement Funding to be completed within the Replacement Period. (d) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall require any Supporting Holder to fund more of the New Money Commitment Amount than its New Money Commitment Percentage as of the Agreement Effective Date, except as agreed otherwise pursuant to Section 9(c) above. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 16, no provision of this Agreement shall relieve any Funding Default Holder from liability hereunder, or limit the availability of the remedies available to the non-defaulting parties hereto, in connection with any such Funding Default Holder s Funding Default. (f) The commitment fee contemplated in the Term Sheet (the Commitment Fee shall be paid to the Supporting Holders in accordance therewith; provided that (i) no Subsequent Supporting Holder shall receive any Commitment Fee on account of the Private Exchange and (ii) except with the consent of the Majority Supporting Holders, no Commitment Fee shall be paid with respect to the exchange of any Additional Notes. Section 10. Exclusivity. The Company agrees that, from the Agreement Effective Date through November 30, 2024 (the Exclusivity Period ), the Company will not and will direct its Affiliates, representatives or agents not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage the initiation of, facilitate or cooperate with any inquiry, proposal, indication of interest or offer from any person or entity relating to any debt financing transaction to recapitalize the Company s corporate indebtedness in lieu of the Transaction (other than any refinancing of the Company s Term Loan B loans subject to the right of first offer for the Supporting Holders, including without limitation any debt financing that refinances any of the Notes (any such inquiry, proposal, indication of interest or offer, an Alternative Transaction (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations (or continue discussions) with any third party regarding, or furnish to any third party (other than the Company s own representatives) any information in connection with, any Alternative Transaction or potential Alternative Transaction; or (iii) enter into any 18 agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding any Alternative Transaction or potential Alternative Transaction. The Company further agrees to, and shall direct its representatives to, immediately cease (i) existing discussions or negotiations with any person or entity regarding any Alternative Transaction and (ii) the sharing of any Confidential Information to any other person or entity regarding any Alternative Transaction. The Company shall notify counsel to the Supporting Holders of the receipt of any Alternative Transaction proposal by the Company during the Exclusivity Period within two (2) Business Days of such receipt, with such notice to a copy of such proposed Alternative Transaction (including the identity of the proposing party). The Company s obligations under this Section 10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect for the remaining duration of the Exclusivity Period thereafter, if any, unless such termination is a result of a Company Termination Event (as defined below) pursuant to Section 13, an automatic termination pursuant to Section 14 or by mutual consent pursuant to Section 15. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10 shall not apply to, nor restrict in any way, the Company s ability to continue to access financing to fund Brazil construction, solely with respect to amounts consistent with the Company s financial projections provided to the Supporting Holders as of the date hereof. Section 11. [Reserved]. Section 12. Termination of Obligations by Supporting Holders. Upon the occurrence of a Termination Event (as defined below), this Agreement may be terminated by, and such termination shall be effective upon, delivery of a written notice executed by the Supporting Holders holding a majority in principal amount of each individual series of the Notes (the Majority Supporting Holders in accordance with Section 21 hereof to the other Parties and the obligations of each of the Parties hereunder shall thereupon terminate and be of no further force or effect with respect to each Party. Termination Event means that: (a) the Company shall have publicly announced its intention to terminate the pursuit of consummation of the Transactions (which announcement may, for the avoidance of doubt, also constitute a breach of this Agreement by the Company); (b) the Transactions have not been consummated or before November 30, 2024 (the Outside Date (c) the Company (A) breaches in any material respect (without giving effect to any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) any of the representations, warranties, or covenants of the Company set forth in this Agreement that, to the extent curable, remains uncured for five (5) Business Days after the Majority Supporting Holders transmit a written notice in accordance with Section 21 detailing any such breach or (B) amends or modifies any of (or consents to any amendment or modification of any of) the Definitive Documents other than, in each case, in a non-material or ministerial respect, unless such amendment or modification is otherwise consented to in accordance with the terms hereof; (d) the issuance by any governmental entity, including any regulatory authority or court of competent jurisdiction, of any final, non-appealable ruling or order that (i) enjoins the consummation of a material portion of Transactions and (ii) remains in effect for ten (10) Business Days after the Majority Supporting Holders transmit a written notice in 

19 accordance with Section 21 detailing any such issuance; provided, that, this termination right may not be exercised by any Party that sought or requested such ruling or order in contravention of any obligation set out in this Agreement; (e) without the prior consent of the Majority Supporting Holders, the Company (A) voluntarily commences any case or files any petition seeking bankruptcy, winding up, dissolution, liquidation, administration, moratorium, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state, or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, administrative receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect except consistent with this Agreement, (B) consents to the institution of, or fails to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any involuntary proceeding or petition described above, (C) makes a general assignment or arrangement for the benefit of creditors or (D) takes any corporate action for the purpose of authorizing any of the foregoing; or (f) any of the conditions set forth herein or in the Term Sheet to be satisfied by the Company have not been satisfied or, as permitted herein or in the Term Sheet, waived on or prior to the Outside Date. At any time after a Termination Event has occurred, the Majority Supporting Holders may waive the occurrence of the Termination Event. No such waiver of a Termination Event shall affect any subsequent Termination Event or impair any right consequent thereon and such Supporting Holders shall have no liability to the other Parties or each other in respect of any termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any termination pursuant to this Section 12 shall not be effective with respect to a given Supporting Holder if such Supporting Holder failed to perform or comply in all material respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, with such failure to perform or comply causing, or resulting in, the occurrence of the Termination Event giving rise to such termination. Section 13. Termination of Obligations by the Company. Upon the occurrence of a Company Termination Event (as defined below), this Agreement may be terminated by delivery of a written notice in accordance with Section 21 below by the Company to the other Parties and the obligations of each of the Parties hereunder shall thereupon terminate and be of no further force or effect with respect to each Party. Company Termination Event means: (a) the consummation of the Transactions has not occurred on or prior to the Outside Date; (b) any of the conditions set forth herein or in the Term Sheet to be satisfied by the Supporting Holders have not been satisfied or, as permitted herein or in the Term Sheet, waived on or prior to the Outside Date; (c) any Supporting Holder breaches in any material respect (without giving effect to any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) any of the representations, warranties, or covenants of the Supporting Holders set forth in this Agreement that, to the extent curable, remains uncured for five (5) Business Days after the Company transmits a written notice in accordance with Section 21 detailing any such breach; provided, however, that the Company may terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 13(c) only as to the breaching Supporting Holder, unless such breach would or would reasonably be expected to (i) materially delay or 20 materially impair the consummation of the Transactions or (ii) materially and adversely affect the rights and benefits available to the Company as a result of the Transactions, in which case the Company may terminate this Agreement as to all Parties; or (d) either (i) the occurrence of one or more Funding Defaults, for which Replacement Funding is not obtained during the Replacement Period, or (ii) the Private Exchange results in the exchange of less than 50 of the 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes outstanding, on a per- series basis and in aggregate principal amount. At any time after a Company Termination Event has occurred, the Company in its sole discretion may waive the occurrence of the Company Termination Event. No such waiver shall affect any Supporting Holder s rights with respect to any Termination Event or the Company s rights with respect to any subsequent Company Termination Event or impair any right consequent thereon and the Company shall have no liability to the other Parties or each other in respect of any termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this section if prior to a material breach by a Supporting Holder the Company failed to perform or comply in all material respects with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, with such failure to perform or comply causing, or resulting in, the occurrence of the Termination Event giving rise to such termination. Section 14. Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall, except as expressly provided herein, automatically terminate without any further required action or notice upon the consummation of the Transactions and the obligations of each of the Parties hereunder shall thereupon terminate and be of no further force or effect with respect to each Party. Section 15. Termination by Mutual Consent. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the consummation of the Transactions by mutual written consent of the Company and the Majority Supporting Holders. Section 16. Effect of Termination. Except as set forth herein, upon the occurrence of the Termination Date as to a Party, this Agreement shall be of no further force and effect as to such Party and each Party subject to such termination shall be released from its commitments, undertakings, and agreements under or related to this Agreement and shall have the rights and remedies that it would have had, had it not entered into this Agreement, and shall be entitled to take all actions, whether with respect to the Transactions or otherwise, that it would have been entitled to take had it not entered into this Agreement, including with respect to any and all claims; provided, however, that in no event shall any such termination relieve any Party from (a) liability for its breach or non-performance of its obligations under this Agreement prior to the Termination Date or (b) obligations under this Agreement which by their terms expressly survive termination of this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of the Termination Date prior to the Settlement Date, any and all tendering of any Notes and consents given by the Parties subject to such termination with respect to the Transactions, in each case before the Termination Date, shall be deemed, for all purposes, to be null and void from the first instance and shall not be considered or otherwise used in any manner by the Parties in connection with the Transactions, this Agreement, or otherwise (without the need to seek an order of a court of competent jurisdiction or consent from the Company or any other applicable Party allowing such change). Nothing in this Agreement shall 

21 be construed as prohibiting the Company or any of the Supporting Holders from contesting whether any such termination is in accordance with its terms or to seek enforcement of any rights under this Agreement that arose or existed before the Termination Date. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing herein is intended to, or does, in any manner waive, limit, impair, or restrict any right of any Supporting Holder, or the ability of any Supporting Holder, to protect and preserve its rights (including rights under this Agreement), remedies, and interests, including its claims against any other Party. For the avoidance of doubt, no purported termination of this Agreement shall be effective if the Party seeking to terminate this Agreement is in material breach of this Agreement. This Section 16 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect. Section 17. Specific Performance; Damages. Each Party hereto recognizes and acknowledges that a breach by it of any covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement will cause the other Parties to sustain damages for which such Parties shall not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages, and therefore each Party hereto agrees that in the event of any such breach the other Parties shall be entitled to the remedy of specific performance of such covenants and agreements and injunctive and other equitable relief in addition to any other remedy to which such Parties may be entitled, at law or in equity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Party or its representatives will be liable to any other Party for any punitive, incidental, consequential, special, or indirect damages, including the loss of future revenue or income or opportunity, relating to a breach or alleged breach of this Agreement; provided, that any consequential or indirect damages arising out of any Alternative Transaction entered into by the Company in violation of this Agreement including, without limitation, Section 10, shall not be waived. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence nor anything to the contrary in this Agreement and for the avoidance of doubt, no Party shall be precluded from seeking actual damages arising out of or relating to any breach or alleged breach of this Agreement. Section 18. Amendments. (a) This Agreement may not be modified, amended or supplemented, and compliance with any provision may not be waived (each of the foregoing, an Amendment ), except in a writing signed by the Company and the Majority Supporting Holders; provided, however, that (i) any such modification, amendment, waiver or supplement that relates solely to a specific Supporting Holder or group of Supporting Holders and does not adversely affect any other Supporting Holder shall require only a writing signed by the Company and such specific Supporting Holder or group of Supporting Holders, and (ii) if the proposed modification, amendment, waiver or supplement adversely affects any of the Supporting Holders in a manner that is disproportionately adverse in any material respect from the effect such modification, amendment, supplement or waiver has on the other Supporting Holders, other than in proportion to the amount of such Notes held by such Supporting Holder, then the consent of each such disproportionately affected Supporting Holder shall also be required to effectuate such modification, amendment, waiver or supplement. (b) Any (i) Amendment to this Agreement that affects the New Money Commitment Percentage of any Supporting Holder shall require the consent of such Supporting 22 Holder or (ii) change, modification, or amendment to this Agreement or any Definitive Document which extends the maturity, decrease interest rate or call protection, adversely modifies collateralization, or decreases the fees payable in connection with the issuance of the New Notes, or materially affects the outcome of the Intercompany Transactions, in each case as set forth in the Term Sheet, shall require the consent of each Supporting Holder and, if such consent is withheld by a given Supporting Holder, such Supporting Holder may terminate its obligations hereunder. (c) Any Amendment to this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 18 shall be ineffective and void ab initio. Section 19. No Waiver. The failure of any Party hereto to exercise any right, power or remedy provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity, or to insist upon compliance by any other Party hereto with its obligations hereunder, and any custom or practice of the Parties at variance with the terms hereof, shall not constitute a waiver by such Party of its right to exercise any such or other right, power or remedy or to demand such compliance. The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a further or continuing waiver of such breach or as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. Section 20. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to such state s choice of law provisions which would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. By its execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Parties irrevocably and unconditionally agrees for itself that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to any matter arising under or arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment rendered in any such action, suit or proceeding, may be brought in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, located in the Borough of Manhattan, and by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the Parties irrevocably accepts and submits itself to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court, generally and unconditionally, with respect to any such action, suit or proceeding. EACH PARTY HERETO UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING REFERRED TO ABOVE. Section 21. Notices. All demands, notices, requests, consents, and communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, transmitted by facsimile or e-mail (and confirmed), mailed by registered or certified mail with postage prepaid and return receipt requested, or sent by commercial overnight courier, courier fees prepaid (if available; otherwise, by the next best class of service available), to the parties at the following addresses, or such other addresses as may be furnished hereafter by notice in writing, to the following parties: (a) if to the Company, to: New Fortress Energy Inc. 111 W. 19th Street, 8th Floor New York, New York 10011 

23 Attention: Cameron D. MacDougall, Esq. Email: cmacdougall@fortress.com with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP One Manhattan West New York, New York 10001 Telephone: (212) 735-3694 Attention: Michael J. Schwartz (b) if to any Supporting Holder, to: such Supporting Holder at the address shown for such Supporting Holder on the applicable signature page hereto or to the attention of the person who has signed this Agreement on behalf of such Supporting Holder with a copy to: with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton Garrison LLP 1285 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10019 Telephone: (212) 373-3158 Attention: Andrew N. Rosenberg Email: arosenberg@paulweiss.com Cc: spak@paulweiss.com alongenbach@paulweiss.com tzelinger@paulweiss.com Section 22. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the exhibits hereto) constitutes the entire understanding and agreement among the Parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements with respect thereto. Section 23. Headings. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Agreement. Section 24. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of each of the Parties and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and representatives. Section 25. Several, Not Joint, Obligations. The agreements, representations and obligations of the Parties (including, for the avoidance of doubt, each Supporting Holder) under this Agreement are, in all respects, several and not joint. Section 26. Remedies Cumulative. All rights, powers and remedies provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity shall be cumulative and not 24 alternative, and the exercise of any right, power or remedy thereof by any Party shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any other such right, power or remedy by such Party. Section 27. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by email shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed signature page of this Agreement. Section 28. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Unless expressly stated herein, this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of the Parties hereto, and no other person or entity shall be a third party beneficiary hereof. Section 29. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. Section 30. Additional Parties. Without in any way limiting the provisions hereof, additional holders of Notes may elect to become Parties by executing and delivering to the Company a counterpart hereof. Such additional holders shall become a party to this Agreement as a Supporting Holder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Section 31. Public Disclosure. Each of the Supporting Holders hereby consents to the disclosure of the entry into this Agreement to the extent required by law or regulation, including in any so-required filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC provided, that it is expressly understood by the Parties that none of the Supporting Holders consent to any disclosure of their identities or individual holdings of the Notes and the Company hereby agrees to keep such information confidential, unless such disclosure is required by applicable law or regulations of any applicable stock exchange or governmental authority (each, an Authority ), in which case, the Company shall (x) provide each of the Supporting Holders with notice of the intent to disclose and provide such Supporting Holders with the reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the proposed disclosure to be provided by the Company in advance of such disclosure (if permitted by the applicable Authority), (y) take all reasonable measures to limit such disclosure to the extent permitted by applicable law and only disclose such information as is required to be disclosed by the applicable Authority and (z) to the extent this Agreement will be filed publicly with the SEC by the Company, the Company shall either (i) file with the SEC a form of this Agreement that does not include the identities and individual holdings of the Supporting Holders in lieu of filing an executed version or (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment with respect to the identities and individual holdings of the Supporting Holders included in this Agreement at or prior to filing the executed version of this Agreement with the SEC. The Company shall submit drafts to counsel to the Supporting Holders of any press releases and/or public filings announcing or related to this Agreement, the Transactions, and the Definitive Documents, and shall afford them a reasonable opportunity under the circumstances to review and comment on such documents and disclosures and shall incorporate any such reasonable comments in good faith. 

25 Section 32. Interpretation. This Agreement is the product of negotiations among the Parties, and the enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement is to be interpreted in a neutral manner; and any presumption with regard to interpretation for or against any Party by reason of that Party having drafted or caused to be drafted this Agreement or any portion of this Agreement, shall not be effective in regard to the interpretation of this Agreement. Section 33. Relationship Among Parties. It is understood and agreed that no Supporting Holder owes any fiduciary duty or duty of trust or confidence of any kind or form to any other Party. In this regard, it is understood and agreed that any Supporting Holder may trade in Notes without the consent of the Company or any other Supporting Holder, subject to applicable securities laws and the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that no Supporting Holder shall have any responsibility for any such trading to any other person by virtue of this Agreement. No prior history, pattern, or practice of sharing confidences among or between the Parties shall in any way affect or negate this understanding and agreement. No Supporting Holder shall, as a result of its entering into and performing its obligations under this Agreement, be deemed to be part of a group (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) with any other Party. For the avoidance of doubt, no action taken by a Supporting Holder pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute or to create a presumption by any of the Parties that the Supporting Holders are in any way acting in concert or as such a group. Section 34. FRE 408. Pursuant to Federal Rule of Evidence 408 and any other applicable rules of evidence in any applicable jurisdiction, this Agreement and all negotiations relating hereto shall not be admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce its terms. Section 35. Email Consents. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, where a written consent, acceptance, approval, notice or waiver is required pursuant to or contemplated by this Agreement, including a written approval by any Party, such written consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver shall be deemed to have occurred if, by agreement between counsel identified in Section 21 to the applicable Parties submitting and receiving such consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver, it is conveyed in writing (including electronic mail) between each such counsel. Section 36. Transaction Expenses. (a) The Company shall, with (2) Business Days following the Agreement Effective Date, pay (i) all accrued and unpaid fees, costs, and expenses of the advisors to the Supporting Holders party to this Agreement as of the Agreement Effective Date (such Supporting Holders, the Ad Hoc Committee (including legal counsel) incurred in connection with the negotiation, formulation, preparation, execution, delivery, implementation, consummation, and/or enforcement of this Agreement and/or any of the other Definitive Documents, and/or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and/or any amendments, waivers, consents, supplements, or other modifications to any of the foregoing (the Fees ), and (ii) a go-forward retainer in the amount of 400,000 to be applied towards the fees and expenses of one outside counsel (the Retainer and, collectively with the Fees, the Transaction Expenses ), to the Ad Hoc Committee (or directly to such advisors on the Ad Hoc Committee s behalf) by wire transfer 26 in immediately available funds, for which an invoice has been received by the Company on or prior to the Agreement Effective Date. (b) Whether or not the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Definitive Documents are consummated, the Company hereby agrees to pay in cash the Transaction Expenses as follows: (i) all accrued and unpaid Transaction Expenses of the Supporting Holders advisors incurred up to (and including) the Agreement Effective Date shall be paid in full in cash on the Agreement Effective Date hereof, (ii) upon termination of this Agreement, all accrued and unpaid Transaction Expenses of the Supporting Holders advisors incurred up to (and including) the Termination Date shall be paid in full in cash promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business Days) following receipt of reasonably detailed invoices, and (iii) subject to and upon consummation of the Transactions, all accrued and unpaid Transaction Expenses incurred up to (and including) such date shall be paid in full in cash following receipt of reasonably detailed invoices. (c) The terms set forth in this Section 36 shall survive termination of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of whether the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Definitive Documents are consummated. Section 37. No Solicitation. Each Party acknowledges that this Agreement is not, and is not intended to be, an offer for the purchase, sale, exchange, hypothecation, or other transfer of securities for purposes of any federal or local securities laws. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date set forth above. THE COMPANY: NEW FORTRESS ENERGY INC. By: /s/Christopher Guinta Name: Christopher Guinta Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC MULTI-STRATEGY FUND OF BLACKROCK FUNDS IV, By: BlackRock Advisors, LLC, in its capacity as adviser By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ENHANCED PASSIVE GLOBAL HIGH YIELD BOND PORTFOLIO, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Sub-Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF HIGH YIELD CREDIT SCREENED FUND, By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF ALPHACREDIT HIGH YIELD BOND PORTFOLIO, By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF ALPHACREDIT HIGH YIELD BOND PORTFOLIO II, By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK BALANCED CAPITAL PORTFOLIO OF BLACKROCK SERIES FUND, INC., By: BlackRock Advisors, LLC, in its capacity as adviser By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK SUSTAINABLE BALANCED FUND, INC., By: BlackRock Advisors, LLC, in its capacity as adviser By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYSTEM, By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC MULTI-STRATEGY ALPHA MASTER FUND LTD., , By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

STICHTING DELA DEPOSITARY MANAGEMENT, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Manager By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK DIVERSIFIED FIXED INCOME FUND OF BLACKROCK FUNDS III, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com STICHTING BEDRIJFSTAKPENSIOENFONDS VOOR DE DETAILHANDEL, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Manager By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF SYSTEMATIC ENHANCED HIGH YIELD BOND FUND, as a Consenting Party By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ENTE NAZIONALE DI PREVIDENZA ED ASSISTENZA DEI MEDICI E DEGLI ODONTOIATRI, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Manager By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF BLACKROCK FIXED INCOME GLOBAL ALPHA MASTER FUND LTD., as a Consenting Party By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF FISCO DE LA REPUBLICA DE CHILE, as a Consenting Party By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK GLOBAL HIGH YIELD SUSTAINABLE CREDIT SCREENED FUND, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Manager By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF THE U.S. HIGH YIELD BOND INDEX NON-LENDABLE FUND B, By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com IBM GLOBAL STRATEGY FUND , By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com IMCO GLOBAL CREDIT LP, By: BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited, by its affiliated investment sub-advisor, BlackRock Financial Management, Inc. By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES II PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES USD HIGH YIELD CORP BOND ESG UCITS ETF, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

ISHARES VI PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES GLOBAL HIGH YIELD CORP BOND CHF HEDGED UCITS ETF (DIST), By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES VI PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES GLOBAL HIGH YIELD CORP BOND GBP HEDGED UCITS ETF (DIST), By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES US FIXED INCOME BALANCED RISK FACTOR ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES US INTL HIGH YIELD CORP BOND ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES IBOXX HIGH YIELD CORPORATE BOND ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES IBONDS 2025 TERM HIGH YIELD AND INCOME ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

ISHARES IBONDS 2026 TERM HIGH YIELD AND INCOME ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES IBONDS 2029 TERM HIGH YIELD AND INCOME ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES CORE 1-5 YEAR USD BOND ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES CORE TOTAL USD BOND MARKET ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES 0-5 YEAR HIGH YIELD CORPORATE BOND ETF, as a Consenting Party By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES BROAD USD HIGH YIELD CORPORATE BOND ETF, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

ISHARES PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES GLOBAL HIGH YIELD CORP BOND UCITS ETF USD (DIST), By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES III PLC - ISHARES BROAD HIGH YIELD CORPORATE BOND UCITS ETF, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES II PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES USD HIGH YIELD CORP BOND UCITS ETF USD (DIST), By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ISHARES IV PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES USD SHORT DURATION HIGH YIELD CORP BOND UCITS ETF USD (DIST), By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF THE LOS ANGELES COUNTY EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION, as a Consenting Party By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com COREALPHA BOND MASTER PORTFOLIO OF MASTER INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO II, By: BlackRock Fund Advisors, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

BALDR BAYES FUND INC, By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com RENAISSANCE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LTD., By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com RENAISSANCE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LTD., By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC MULTI ALLOCATION CREDIT FUND HIGH YIELD, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Adviser By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com GLOBAL ATLANTIC INVESTMENT ADVISORS, LLC, By: BlackRock Investment Management, its Investment Advisor By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com MORNINGSTAR ALTERNATIVES FUND A SERIES OF MORNINGSTAR FUNDS TRUST, By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., its Subadviser By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

STICHTING PENSIOENFONDS MEDISCH SPECIALISTEN, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Investment Manager By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC TOTAL ALPHA MASTER FUND LTD., By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., its Subadviser By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com UBS FUND MANAGEMENT (SWITZERLAND) AG ON BEHALF OF KYBURG INSTITUTIONAL FUND OBLIGATIONEN FREMDWAHRUNGEN, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Sub-Adviser By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF US CORE FIXED INCOME BALANCED RISK FUND, as a Consenting Party By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF US HIGH YIELD BOND INDEX FUND, as a Consenting Party By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com US HIGH YIELD PASSIVE PORTFOLIO, By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Jonathan Graves Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

BLACKROCK FUNDS I ICAV - BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC MULTI-STRATEGY ESG SCREENED FUND, By: BlackRock Advisors LLC, in its capacity as Investment Advisor By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com AMERIGROUP MARYLAND, INC., By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com ANTHEM HEALTHCHOICE ASSURANCE, INC, By: BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., as Investment Manager By: /s/Scott Radell Name: Scott Radell Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS INVESTMENT SUB-ADVISOR OF ISHARES U.S. HIGH YIELD BOND INDEX ETF (CAD-HEDGED), as a Consenting Party By: Name: Jonathan Graves Title: Authorized Signatory Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com BLACKROCK GLOBAL FUNDS SYSTEMATIC ESG MULTI ALLOCATION CREDIT FUND HIGH YIELD, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Sub-Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com PENSIONSKASSE STADT ZURICH, By: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, its Sub-Advisor By: /s/Alex Claringbull Name: Alex Claringbull Title: Managing Director Address: 400 Howard Street San Franciso, Ca. 94105 E-mail address(es): David.Dulski@Blackrock.com / Jonathan.Graves@BlackRock.com 

SUPPORTING HOLDERS: ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P., AS ADVISOR TO AND ON BEHALF OF THOSE FUNDS LISTED IN ANNEX I By:/s/Sara A. Murphy Name: Sara A. Murphy Title: Assistant Secretary Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: AllianceBernstein L.P. Address: 1345 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10105 Attention: Nathan Rubin Email: nathan.rubin@alliancebernstein.com Telephone: 212 969 2252 With a copy sent to: Attn: Legal Compliance Dept. - 22nd Floor 501 Commerce Street Nashville, TN 37203 Email: advisory.legal@alliancebernstein.com [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] Annex I to AllianceBernstein L.P. Signature Page NFE Support Agreement Page 1 of 2 Short Name Legal Name CUSIP Principal Amount ABHI AB High Income Fund, Inc. 644393AA8 4,202,000.00 ABHI AB High Income Fund, Inc. 644393AB6 7,070,000.00 ABHI AB High Income Fund, Inc. 644393AC4 7,202,000.00 ACMAT AB Bond Fund, Inc. - AB Income Fund 644393AA8 1,156,000.00 ACMAT AB Bond Fund, Inc. - AB Income Fund 644393AB6 5,164,000.00 ACMAT AB Bond Fund, Inc. - AB Income Fund 644393AC4 4,524,000.00 AHYOFEM Custody Bank of Japan Ltd. - Account - AHYO 644393AA8 178,000.00 AHYOFEM Custody Bank of Japan Ltd. - Account - AHYO 644393AB6 117,000.00 AHYOFEM Custody Bank of Japan Ltd. - Account - AHYO 644393AC4 204,000.00 AIP AllianceBernstein(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., in its capacity as management company, for and on behalf of AB FCP I - American Income Portfolio 644393AA8 15,932,000.00 AIP AllianceBernstein(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., in its capacity as management company, for and on behalf of AB FCP I - American Income Portfolio 644393AB6 54,910,000.00 AIP AllianceBernstein(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., in its capacity as management company, for and on behalf of AB FCP I - American Income Portfolio 644393AC4 25,899,000.00 AWF2 AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. 644393AA8 698,000.00 AWF2 AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. 644393AB6 2,893,000.00 AWF2 AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. 644393AC4 1,582,000.00 COMPA1 The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. - Account - COMPA1 644393AA8 82,000.00 COMPA1 The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. - Account - COMPA1 644393AB6 147,000.00 COMPA1 The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. - Account - COMPA1 644393AC4 155,000.00 COMPBNIG The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. - Account - COMPBNIG 644393AA8 10,000.00 COMPBNIG The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. - Account - COMPBNIG 644393AB6 9,000.00 COMPBNIG The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. - Account - COMPBNIG 644393AC4 17,000.00 DESJHY2 Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company 644393AA8 635,000.00 DESJHY2 Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company 644393AB6 426,000.00 DESJHY2 Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company 644393AC4 874,000.00 DESJHYSM Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company 644393AA8 156,000.00 DESJHYSM Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company 644393AB6 72,000.00 DESJHYSM Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company 644393AC4 150,000.00 DMAIGHY AB SICAV I - All Market Income Portfolio 644393AA8 549,000.00 DMAIGHY AB SICAV I - All Market Income Portfolio 644393AB6 613,000.00 DMAIGHY AB SICAV I - All Market Income Portfolio 644393AC4 1,028,000.00 FMPCITI AB SICAV III - Fixed Maturity Bond 2025 Portfolio 644393AA8 218,000.00 FRRUSHY Fonds de Reserve pour les Retraites 644393AA8 605,000.00 FRRUSHY Fonds de Reserve pour les Retraites 644393AB6 1,049,000.00 FRRUSHY Fonds de Reserve pour les Retraites 644393AC4 878,000.00 GHY AllianceBernstein(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., in its capacity as management company, for and on behalf of AB FCP I - Global High Yield Portfolio 644393AA8 14,623,000.00 GHY AllianceBernstein(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., in its capacity as management company, for and on behalf of AB FCP I - Global High Yield Portfolio 644393AB6 32,092,000.00 GHY AllianceBernstein(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., in its capacity as management company, for and on behalf of AB FCP I - Global High Yield Portfolio 644393AC4 20,410,000.00 GIPMAX AB SICAV I - Global Income Portfolio 644393AA8 29,000.00 GIPMAX AB SICAV I - Global Income Portfolio 644393AB6 209,000.00 GIPMAX AB SICAV I - Global Income Portfolio 644393AC4 155,000.00 HYFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB High Yield ETF 644393AA8 245,000.00 HYFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB High Yield ETF 644393AB6 204,000.00 HYFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB High Yield ETF 644393AC4 313,000.00 HYLUXOR AB SICAV I - US High Yield Portfolio 644393AA8 231,000.00 HYLUXOR AB SICAV I - US High Yield Portfolio 644393AB6 432,000.00 HYLUXOR AB SICAV I - US High Yield Portfolio 644393AC4 439,000.00 JACMAT G.A.S. (Cayman) Limited in its capacity as trustee of Amadeus Fund - AB Income Strategy Fund 644393AA8 50,000.00 JACMAT G.A.S. (Cayman) Limited in its capacity as trustee of Amadeus Fund - AB Income Strategy Fund 644393AB6 218,000.00 JACMAT G.A.S. (Cayman) Limited in its capacity as trustee of Amadeus Fund - AB Income Strategy Fund 644393AC4 143,000.00 MEMUSHY Mizuho AB Trust Series - Mizuho US High Income Bond Fund 644393AA8 76,000.00 MEMUSHY Mizuho AB Trust Series - Mizuho US High Income Bond Fund 644393AB6 11,000.00 

Annex I to AllianceBernstein L.P. Signature Page NFE Support Agreement Page 2 of 2 Short Name Legal Name CUSIP Principal Amount MEMUSHY Mizuho AB Trust Series - Mizuho US High Income Bond Fund 644393AC4 61,000.00 NJHY State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D 644393AA8 278,000.00 NJHY State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D 644393AB6 643,000.00 NJHY State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D 644393AC4 480,000.00 NMSICHY State of New Mexico State Investment Council 644393AA8 1,495,000.00 NMSICHY State of New Mexico State Investment Council 644393AB6 9,073,000.00 NMSICHY State of New Mexico State Investment Council 644393AC4 292,000.00 RWE1INKA PTV2 644393AA8 408,000.00 RWE1INKA PTV2 644393AB6 821,000.00 RWE1INKA PTV2 644393AC4 202,000.00 SDFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB Short Duration Income ETF 644393AA8 56,000.00 SDFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB Short Duration Income ETF 644393AB6 112,000.00 SDFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB Short Duration Income ETF 644393AC4 93,000.00 SDHY AB SICAV I - Short Duration High Yield Portfolio 644393AA8 2,500,000.00 SDHY AB SICAV I - Short Duration High Yield Portfolio 644393AB6 5,713,000.00 SDHY AB SICAV I - Short Duration High Yield Portfolio 644393AC4 3,241,000.00 SYFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB Short Duration High Yield ETF 644393AA8 651,000.00 SYFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB Short Duration High Yield ETF 644393AB6 2,690,000.00 SYFI AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB Short Duration High Yield ETF 644393AC4 2,454,000.00 TGHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL Global High Yield Fund 644393AA8 1,136,000.00 TGHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL Global High Yield Fund 644393AB6 3,381,000.00 TGHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL Global High Yield Fund 644393AC4 834,000.00 TGHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL Global High Yield Fund BMZ71F1 2,000.00 TGHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL Global High Yield Fund BR4ZG45 1,381,000.00 TUSHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US High Yield Fund 644393AA8 2,000.00 TUSHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US High Yield Fund 644393AB6 17,000.00 TUSHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US High Yield Fund 644393AC4 8,000.00 TUSHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US High Yield Fund BMZ71F1 68,000.00 TUSHYB AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US High Yield Fund BR4ZG45 8,000.00 USHYCIT AB Collective Investment Trust Series - AB US High Yield Collective Trust 644393AA8 478,000.00 USHYCIT AB Collective Investment Trust Series - AB US High Yield Collective Trust 644393AB6 664,000.00 USHYCIT AB Collective Investment Trust Series - AB US High Yield Collective Trust 644393AC4 726,000.00 USMAIHY AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US Umbrella Fund - ABITL US Multi-Asset Income Fund 644393AA8 6,000.00 USMAIHY AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US Umbrella Fund - ABITL US Multi-Asset Income Fund 644393AB6 136,000.00 USMAIHY AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US Umbrella Fund - ABITL US Multi-Asset Income Fund 644393AC4 78,000.00 USMAIHY AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US Umbrella Fund - ABITL US Multi-Asset Income Fund BMZ71F1 405,000.00 USMAIHY AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US Umbrella Fund - ABITL US Multi-Asset Income Fund BR4ZG45 269,000.00 : SUPPORTING HOLDERS: EACH SUPPORTING HOLDER LISTED IN ANNEX A1 By: Pacific Investment Management Company LLC, as investment manager, adviser or sub-adviser By /s/David A. Forgash Name: David A. Forgash Title: Managing Director Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Control Group NB / Sajeel Bhagwanjee Address: 650 Newport Center Drive Newport Beach, CA 92660 Telephone: (949) 720-6000 Facsimile: (949) 720-1376 1 The obligations arising out of this agreement are several and not joint with respect to each Supporting Holder, in accordance with its proportionate interest hereunder, and the parties agree not to proceed against any Supporting Holder for the obligations of another. To the extent a Supporting Holder is a registered investment company Trust or a series thereof, a copy of the Declaration of Trust of such Trust is on file with the Secretary of State of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts or Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The obligations of or arising out of this agreement are not binding upon any of such Trust's trustees, officers, employees, agents or shareholders individually, but are binding solely upon the assets and property of the Trust in accordance with its proportionate interest hereunder. If this agreement is executed by or on behalf of a Trust on behalf of one or more series of the Trust, the assets and liabilities of each series of the Trust are separate and distinct and the obligations of or arising out of this agreement are binding solely upon the assets or property of the series on whose behalf this agreement is executed. If this agreement is being executed on behalf of more than one series of a Trust, the obligations of each series hereunder shall be several and not joint, in accordance with its proportionate interest hereunder, and the parties agree not to proceed against any series for the obligations of another. PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc and PIMCO Fixed Income Source ETFs plc are Irish umbrella companies with segregated liability between sub-funds. As a result, as a matter of Irish law, any liability attributable to a particular sub-fund may only be discharged out of the assets of that sub-fund and the assets of other sub-funds may not be used to satisfy the limited liability of that sub-fund. To the extent a Supporting Holder is a trust established under the laws of a province or territory of Canada (a Canadian Trust ), the obligations of or arising out of this agreement are not binding upon (i) the Canadian Trust s trustee or investment fund manager, (ii) any officer, director, employee or agent of the Canadian Trust s trustee or investment fund manager, or (iii) any unitholder of the Canadian Trust, but are binding solely upon the property of the Canadian Trust in accordance with its proportionate interest hereunder. The obligations of or arising out of this agreement are not binding upon the trustee of PIMCO Bermuda Trust II, PIMCO Bermuda Trust IV (the Bermuda Trusts ), PIMCO Cayman Trust Cayman Trust or any officer, director, employee, agent or servant or any other person appointed by the trustee, or unitholders individually, but are binding solely upon the assets and property of the Bermuda Trusts and Cayman Trust in accordance with their proportionate interest hereunder. If this agreement is executed by or on behalf of the Bermuda Trusts and Cayman Trust on behalf of one or more series of the Bermuda Trusts and Cayman Trust, the assets and liabilities of each series of the Bermuda Trusts and Cayman Trust are separate and distinct and the obligations of or arising out of this agreement are binding solely upon the assets or property of the series on whose behalf this agreement is executed. [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] 

Annex A PIMCO Variable Insurance Trust: PIMCO High Yield Portfolio PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc, US High Yield Bond Fund PIMCO Funds: PIMCO High Yield Fund PIMCO Funds: Private Account Portfolio Series PIMCO High Yield and Short-Term Investments Portfolio The State Teachers Retirement System of Ohio Nova Scotia Teachers' Pension Fund Nova Scotia Public Service Superannuation Fund Tucson Supplemental Retirement System PIMCO Cayman Trust: PIMCO Cayman Global High Income Fund PIMCO Bermuda Trust II: PIMCO Bermuda U.S. High Yield Fund (M) PIMCO Bermuda Trust II: PIMCO Bermuda U.S. High Yield Fund II (M) PIMCO Bermuda Trust IV: PIMCO Global High Yield Strategy Fund PIMCO Funds: PIMCO Low Duration Credit Fund PIMCO High Yield Collective Trust PIMCO Dynamic Income Strategy Fund PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc, Global High Yield Bond Fund PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc, Diversified Income Fund PIMCO Funds: PIMCO High Yield Spectrum Fund PIMCO ETF Trust: PIMCO Multisector Bond Active Exchange-Traded Fund PIMCO ETF Trust: PIMCO 0-5 Year High Yield Corporate Bond Index Exchange-Traded Fund PIMCO Funds: PIMCO Sector Fund Series H Universal-Investment-Gesellschaft mbH acting for the account of APT-UNIVERSAL-FONDS/ HYB Deka Investment GmbH acting for the account of PIMCO-RAB Employees' Retirement System of the State of Rhode Island Aon Collective Investment Trust PIMCO Offshore Funds: PIMCO U.S. Crossover Corporate Bond Fund Lehigh Valley Hospital, Inc. Deka Investment GmbH acting for the account of Dekafonds-RA-HH Pimco HY Universal-Investment-Gesellschaft mbH acting for account of VStBH-Universal-Fonds (Segment Pimco US-HY) California Public Employees' Retirement System NORTHERN IRELAND LOCAL GOVERNMENT OFFICERS' SUPERANNUATION COMMITTEE Koch Financial Assets V, LLC Obligations Haut Rendement a sub-fund of RP Fonds institutionnel LCIV MAC FUND Mizuho Global Target Yield Bond Fund 2022-06 (limited Open Type) PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc, Diversified Income Duration Hedged Fund PIMCO ETFs plc, PIMCO US Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Index UCITS ETF UI BVK Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH acting for the account of BAYVK R2 PIMCO Nursing Homes and Related Industries Pension Plan CIBC Global Credit Fund AIA Investment Funds AIA US High Yield Bond Fund ODDO BHF Asset Management GmbH acting on behalf of RZVK Segment 15 Global High Yield Allianz Global Investors GmbH acting for CBP Growth Segment Global High Yield By: /s/Jim Dudnick JOINDER PARTY: 9/30/24 Address: 600 W Broadway Suite 2900 San Diego, CA 92101 Title: Lead Portfolio Manager VOYA Investment Management 

Docusign Envelope ID: 6E084EB0-570F-44C2-9F9A-A3EA888E743F SUPPORTING HOLDERS: BRANDYWINE GLOBAL INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC1 in its capacity as investment adviser on behalf of managed funds and separate accounts: By: Name: Title: /s/Sue Wilchusky Sue Wilchusky Chief Operating Officer Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Kerri Goodwin Address: 1735 Market Street Suite 1800 Philadelphia, PA 19103 Telephone: 215.609.3582 Facsimile: 1 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Brandywine Global Investment Management, LLC has entered into this agreement solely in its own capacity as investment manager for the beneficial owners of the Notes and has no authority nor intention to bind any affiliates or related entities. Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Advisor Series I: Fidelity Advisor Floating Rate High Income Fund By:/s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: AFR Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: AZL Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Multi- Strategy Fund By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager or as otherwise authorized By:/s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: ALMSHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Central Investment Portfolios LLC: Fidelity Specialized High Income Central Fund By:/s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: BBCIP Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Sustainable Core Plus Bond Fund By:/s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: ESGCPHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Advisor Series II: Fidelity Advisor Limited Term Bond Fund By:/s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FALTHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Total Bond ETF By:/s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FBNDFR Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Total Bond ETF - High Income Subportfolio By:/s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FBNDHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Floating Rate High Income Multi-Asset Base Fund By: Fidelity Investments Canada ULC, its manager By:/s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FCFLTHI Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Floating Rate High Income Fund By: Fidelity Investments Canada ULC, its manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FCFRIT Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Global High Yield Multi-Asset Base Fund By: Fidelity Investments Canada ULC, its manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FCGHYIT Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity U.S. High Yield Institutional Trust By: Fidelity Investments Canada ULC, its Manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FCUSHYT Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Covington Trust: Fidelity High Yield Factor ETF By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FDHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Investments Life Insurance - High Yield Bond Account By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FILIHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Central Investment Portfolios LLC: Fidelity Floating Rate Central Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FLCIP Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Limited Term Bond ETF By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FLTBHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity Focused High Income Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FOCHI Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Sustainable Core Plus Bond ETF By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FSBDHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Covington Trust: Fidelity Sustainable High Yield ETF By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FSYDETF Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Tactical Bond ETF By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FTBETFHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Income Fund: Fidelity Total Bond K6 Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: FTBKFHI Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: FMR Capital, Inc. High Yield Analyst 2 Pilot Portfolio By: Fidelity Management Research Company LLC, as Manager or otherwise authorized By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: HY2PLT Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Master Trust Bank of Japan Ltd. Re: Fidelity US High Yield Open Mother Fund By: FIAM LLC, as Sub-Advisor or as otherwise authorized By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: HYJPY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: FIAM High Yield Bond Commingled Pool By: Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company, as Trustee By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: HYPOOL Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: JNL/Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Total Bond Fund - Floating Rate Securities By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager or as otherwise authorized By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: JNLFR Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: JNL/PPM America Floating Rate Income Fund By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: JNLFRSA Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: JNL/Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Total Bond Fund - High Income By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager or as otherwise authorized By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: JNLHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.co Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: FIAM Floating Rate High Income Commingled Pool By: Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company, as Trustee By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: PYFLRHIN Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: FIAM Leveraged Loan LP By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: PYLLP Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Strategic Advisers Core Income Fund - FIAM Core Investment Grade Group By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: PYRCHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity SAI Sustainable Core Plus Bond Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SAESCPHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Strategic Advisers Fidelity Core Income Fund - FIAM Core Investment Grade Group By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SAFCHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity SAI High Income Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SAHI Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Strategic Advisers Income Opportunities Fund - FIAM High Income Subportfolio By: FIAM LLC, as Investment Manager By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SAIOPHI Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity SAI Total Bond Fund - Floating Rate Securities Sub-portfolio By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SATLBFR Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity SAI Total Bond Fund - High Income Sub-portfolio By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SATLBHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity Series Floating Rate High Income Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SFRHI Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity Short Duration High Income Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SHDURHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity Series High Income Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SHINC Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity High Income Fund By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: SPHIGHIN Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Income Fund: Fidelity Total Bond Fund - Floating Rate Securities Subportfolio By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: TLBFR Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Income Fund: Fidelity Total Bond High Income Sub By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: TLBHY Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Fidelity Qualifying Investor Funds - Fidelity US Loan Fund By: FIAM LLC, as Sub-Advisor By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: USLOT Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Variable Insurance Products Fund: VIP Floating Rate High Income Portfolio By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: VIPFRHI Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com 

Docusign Envelope ID: 69FFCA0F-906D-4FEE-B613-338D84F7FDFF [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: Variable Insurance Products Fund: VIP Floating Rate High Income Portfolio By: /s/Chris Maher Name: Chris Maher Title: Authorized Signatory Fidelity ID: VIPHIGH Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Nate Van Duzer Address: Fidelity Investments, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02110 Telephone: 617-392-8129 Email: Nate.VanDuzer@fmr.com Docusign Envelope ID: 0A5CCAEC-0AF2-453C-BFEC-E907A7FA1CD5 [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] SUPPORTING HOLDERS: CAPITAL RESEARCH AND MANAGEMENT COMPANY, in its capacity as investment adviser to each of: AMERICAN FUNDS INSURANCE SERIES - AMERICAN HIGH-INCOME TRUST; AMERICAN FUNDS INSURANCE SERIES - ASSET ALLOCATION FUND; AMERICAN FUNDS INSURANCE SERIES - CAPITAL INCOME BUILDER; AMERICAN FUNDS INSURANCE SERIES - CAPITAL WORLD BOND FUND; AMERICAN FUNDS MULTI-SECTOR INCOME FUND; AMERICAN FUNDS STRATEGIC BOND FUND; AMERICAN HIGH-INCOME TRUST; CAPITAL INCOME BUILDER; CAPITAL GROUP GLOBAL HIGH INCOME OPPORTUNITIES (LUX); CAPITAL GROUP MULTI-SECTOR INCOME FUND (CANADA); CAPITAL GROUP MULTI-SECTOR INCOME FUND (LUX); CAPITAL WORLD BOND FUND; THE BOND FUND OF AMERICA; THE INCOME FUND OF AMERICA; CAPITAL GROUP UK - GLOBAL HIGH INCOME OPPORTUNITIES; CAPITAL GROUP U.S. HIGH-YIELD TRUST (US); CAPITAL GROUP CORE PLUS TOTAL RETURN TRUST (US); CAPITAL GROUP US HIGH YIELD FUND (LUX); CAPITAL GROUP GLOBAL TOTAL RETURN BOND FUND (LUX); 

Docusign Envelope ID: 0A5CCAEC-0AF2-453C-BFEC-E907A7FA1CD5 [Signature Page to NFE Support Agreement] CAPITAL GROUP CORE PLUS INCOME ETF; AND CAPITAL GROUP U.S. MULTI-SECTOR INCOME ETF; By: /s/Kristine M. Nishiyama (cenk / arak) Name: Kristine M. Nishiyama Title: Authorized Signatory Name and Address of Contact for Notices: Name: Charlene Kim / David Daigle / Gaurav Bana Address: 333 South Hope Street, 55th floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071 Telephone: (213) 615-4618 Email: cenk@capgroup.com / dad@capgroup.com / gaub@capgroup.com Exhibit A TERM SHEET Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Transaction Term Sheet (this Term Sheet shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Transaction Support Agreement to which this Term Sheet is an exhibit. Issuance New Notes issued under a senior secured first lien indenture (the First Lien Indenture ), in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 2.6 billion, comprised of 1.2 billion of New Notes issued in respect of new money financing (the New Money Notes and approximately 1.4 billion of New Notes issued in connection with the Private Exchange (the Exchange Notes ). The New Notes shall be issued as a single tranche of notes pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act that will allow the New Notes to be DTC-eligible and traded immediately under Rule 144A and Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. The First Lien Indenture will contain a standard reporting covenant for Rule 144A market indentures. The New Notes shall be issued in minimum denominations of 1.00. New Money The purchase of the full amount of the New Money Notes for cash at par shall be committed to, severally and not jointly, by the Supporting Holders, as set forth in Section 9 of the Transaction Support Agreement. Private Exchange The Supporting Holders will exchange their 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes for Exchange Notes at a price of 1,000 in principal amount of New Notes for each 1,000 in principal amount of 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes exchanged pursuant to a private exchange under an applicable exemption to registration under the Securities Act that will allow the New Notes to be traded immediately under Rule 144A and Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. Issuer NewCo, a newly-formed direct wholly owned Subsidiary of a non-guarantor Restricted Subsidiary under each of the Credit Agreements (as defined below), the 2026 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture, as further described in Intercompany Transactions below. Unless otherwise approved by the Majority Supporting Holders, each of NewCo and NewCo Parent (as defined below) shall (i) be formed or organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and (ii) be a bankruptcy remote vehicle, with customary separateness provisions in such entity s governing documents. Guarantors All subsidiaries of NewCo, subject to exceptions customary for transactions of this type and acceptable to Majority Supporting Holders. Collateral Substantially all assets of NewCo and its subsidiaries, subject to exceptions customary for transactions of this type and acceptable to Majority Supporting Holders, including the intercompany loans described in Intercompany Transactions below. Purchasers Supporting Holders 

Commitment Fee At the election of each Supporting Holder, a commitment fee payable to such Supporting Holder equal to either (i) 5.00 of such Supporting Holder s New Notes, payable in common stock of the Company at the price of the Equity Raise (the Equity Commitment Fee ), (ii) 2.00 of such Supporting Holder s New Notes, payable in kind in the form of additional New Notes (the PIK Commitment Fee or (iii) a combination of the foregoing. In the event any Supporting Holder elects to receive the PIK Commitment Fee, the Equity Commitment Fee that would have been payable to such Supporting Holder shall be ratably reallocated among each Supporting Holder that elects the Equity Commitment Fee. All shares issued pursuant to the Equity Commitment Fee shall be subject to customary registration rights and covenants as to legend removal when permitted under securities laws. Any common stock of the Company received as an Equity Commitment Fee shall be subject to a 6-month lockup period. Trustee A financial institution reasonably acceptable to the Majority Supporting Holder and the Company. Collateral Agent A financial institution reasonably acceptable to the Majority Supporting Holder and the Company. Interest Rate 12.00 cash per annum; computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Default Rate 2.00 Maturity Date September [ ], 2029 (the Scheduled Maturity Date provided that the Maturity Date shall be accelerated to the date (each, a Springing Maturity Date that is ninety-one (91) days prior to the stated maturity date of any other indebtedness of the Company if more than 100 million aggregate principal amount of such other indebtedness remains outstanding on such date. Call Protection Any optional prepayment from the date of issuance of the New Notes (the Issue Date until the maturity date will be accompanied by the following prepayment premium (the New Notes Prepayment Premium as set forth below opposite the relevant period from the Closing Date as indicated below: Period New Notes Prepayment Premium Months 1 24 Make-Whole Amount (to be defined in the Definitive Documents) Months 25 36 106 Months 37 48 103 ; and Thereafter 100 The prepayment premium for any change of control offer will be 101 . There will be no prepayment premium in connection with any mandatory prepayment in connection with an asset sale offer. For the avoidance of doubt, no make-whole premium will be payable in connection with any change of control offer or asset sale offer. The New Notes will also be subject to a par repurchase offer in connection with any mandatory prepayments of the Intercompany Loans held by NewCo that are not declined. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, the New Notes Prepayment Premium will be payable in the event of a bankruptcy filing or other insolvency event by the Issuer or any of the Guarantors, any foreclosure, exercise of remedies and/or sale of the Collateral following an Event of Default, the sale of Collateral in an insolvency proceeding, any restructuring, reorganization or compromise of the obligations under the New Notes or any other termination of the New Notes documentation, pursuant to language satisfactory to the Majority Supporting Holders. OID None. Definitive Documents Definitive documentation will be in form and substance satisfactory to the Company and the Majority Supporting Holders, based on what is customary for 144A senior secured bonds. Covenants: Customary for 144A senior secured notes as adjusted for transactions of this type; provided that, the First Lien Indenture shall include (i) customary LME protections and (ii) debt and lien baskets to permit (A) pari debt in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 200 million subject to (a) the holders of the New Notes having a customary right of first refusal and (b) the proceeds of any such debt being applied to repay and permanently reduce the commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement; and (B) debt and lien baskets for refinancing indebtedness, subject to the holders of the New Notes having a customary right of first offer. The First Lien Indenture will also include an event of default or other similar protection relating to any amendments to transfer pricing or other intercompany arrangements between the Brazil operations and other portions of the Company that are adverse to the interests of the holders of the New Notes in any material respect (other than amendments that are required by law or applicable regulations). No financial maintenance covenants. Ratings Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affirmative covenants will include a requirement to (i) use reasonable best efforts to obtain a public corporate rating from both S P and Moody s on the Issue Date and (ii) obtain a public corporate rating from both S P and Moody s within thirty (30) days after the Issue Date. Use of Proceeds Proceeds of the New Money Notes shall be used to (i) refinance the 2025 Notes in full via the Intercompany Loans (as defined below in Intercompany Transactions below) and (ii) make a distribution of 327 million to NewCo Parent (as defined below). Intercompany Transactions NewCo shall be formed as a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of NFE Brazil Investments LLC or another entity to be mutually agreed NewCo Parent and shall be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary under the Credit Agreements, the 2026 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture prior to the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Term Sheet. Prior to, or substantially concurrently with, the issuance of the New Notes, the Company will cause (i) up to 49 of the equity interests of NFE Brazil Holdings 

Ltd. or another entity which directly or indirectly owns all of the Company s Brazilian operations BrazilCo ), and such amount of equity to be no greater in value than 1.025 billion (or a lesser amount acceptable to the Majority Supporting Holders), to be contributed to NewCo, and (ii) all other equity interests of BrazilCo to be directly owned by NewCo Parent. No later than five (5) business days after the Issue Date, and solely to the extent permitted under the Restricted Payments and Investments covenants of the Credit Agreement, the 2026 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture, the Company will cause (i) all equity interests in an entity which directly or indirectly owns the Company s land in Bradford County, Pennsylvania and directly or indirectly owns all development rights relating to such land to be contributed to NewCo and (ii) through an irrevocable funding instruction, lock box arrangement, or in another manner satisfactory to the Majority Supporting Holders, any transferrable portion of the economic benefit of any ship charters or FSRU rechartering opportunity providing for below market rate to be contributed or transferred to NewCo; provided, that to the extent the Credit Agreements, the 2026 Notes Indenture or the 2029 Notes Indenture prohibit NewCo from receiving such assets, such assets shall be contributed or transferred, as applicable to NewCo Parent. Substantially concurrently with the issuance of the New Notes, (i) NewCo shall make a first lien secured intercompany loan in an amount equal to 873.0 million to NewCo Parent (the NewCo Parent Intercompany Tranche A Loan ), (ii) NewCo shall make a dividend to its direct parent in an amount equal to 327.0 million, (iii) NewCo Parent will make a loan to the Company constituting Refinancing Indebtedness which refinances the 2025 Notes in full in cash (the 2025 Refinancing Intercompany Loan ), (iv) NewCo shall issue (x) a portion of the Exchange Notes to NewCo Parent in exchange for a first lien secured intercompany loan (the NewCo Parent Intercompany Tranche B Loan and, together with the NewCo Parent Intercompany Tranche A Loan, the NewCo Parent Intercompany Loan in an amount up to the maximum amount of such intercompany loan that can be incurred in compliance with the Credit Agreements, the 2026 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture and (y) the remainder of the Exchange Notes to the Company in exchange for a first lien secured intercompany loan constituting Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the 2026 Notes and/or the 2029 Notes of the Supporting Holders (the 2026/2029 Refinancing Intercompany Tranche A Loan ), (v) NewCo Parent transfers its Exchange Notes from step (iv) above to the Company in exchange for a first lien secured intercompany loan constituting Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the remaining 2026 Notes and/or the 2029 Notes of the Supporting Holders (the 2026/2029 Refinancing Intercompany Tranche B Loan and, together with the 2026/2029 Refinancing Intercompany Tranche A Loan, the 2026/2029 Refinancing Intercompany Loan and, collectively with the 2025 Refinancing Intercompany Loan, the Refinancing Intercompany Loans and (vi) the Supporting Holders tender their 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes in the Private Exchange. The foregoing intercompany transactions may be implemented in an alternative manner that preserves the intended economic and legal benefits of such transactions to the Supporting Holders to the extent any modifications are reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Majority Supporting Holders; provided further, that any corporate organizational or other restructuring steps taken for any reason, including in connection with the tax consequences of the intercompany transaction or any other Transactions contemplated herein, are reasonably acceptable to the Majority Supporting Holders, irrespective of whether the agreements pursuant to which such steps are taken are Definitive Documents. The NewCo Parent Intercompany Loan shall be secured by all assets of NewcCo Parent, including the 2025 Refinancing Intercompany Loan. The Refinancing Intercompany Loans shall be guaranteed by all guarantors of the 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes and secured on a pari passu basis with the Credit Agreements and the remaining 2026 Notes and 2029 Notes. Each Intercompany Loan shall (i) bear cash interest set equal to the amount and frequency equivalent to that which is set forth in the First Lien Indenture, with an additional 2 payment-in-kind interest, (ii) have the same Scheduled Maturity Date as the New Notes (and shall include a cross default to the payment of the 2026 Notes, the 2029 Notes or any other Indebtedness of the Company with more than 100 million in outstanding principal amount, in each case at maturity, but shall not be subject to any Springing Maturity Dates), (iii) have the same call protection as the New Notes, (iv) include customary covenants for intercompany loans in transactions of this type, including a negative pledge with respect to the FLNG 1 and FLNG 2 assets and (iv) be in form and substance satisfactory to the Supporting Holders, including prohibitions on liability management transactions; provided that the terms thereof will include (i) the ability to incur, subject to the terms thereof, the accordion provided under that certain credit agreement, dated October 30, 2023, among the Company, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the issuing banks from time to time party thereto and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent and as collateral agent (as amended, restated, and otherwise modified from time to time, the Term Loan B Credit Agreement , and together with the Term Loan A Credit Agreement, Revolving Credit Agreement and the LC Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreements as in effect on the date hereof, subject to a right of first offer in favor of the holders of the New Notes and (ii) debt and lien baskets to permit (A) pari passu debt at NewCo in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 200 million subject to (a) the holders of the New Notes having a customary right of first offer and (b) the proceeds of any such debt being applied to, or the issuance of such debt being made in exchange for, to repayment of, and permanent reduction of the commitments under, the Revolving Credit Agreement and (B) refinancing indebtedness, subject to the holders of the New Notes having a customary right of first offer. The Refinancing Intercompany Loans will be subject to mandatory prepayments consistent with the Term Loan B Credit Agreement, which may be declined. Each Intercompany Loan will include step-in rights providing for requisite holders (holders of at least 50.1 of outstanding principal amount) under the First Lien Indenture to instruct the lenders thereunder to take voting, amendments, waivers and other discretionary actions at the direction of such requisite holders. Any event of default under any Intercompany Loan (including any breach of any negative covenant) and any failure of such step-in rights to be enforced shall constitute an event of default under the New Notes. Fronting Agent Fronting agents, placement agents, initial purchasers or underwriters shall be engaged on terms reasonably acceptable to the Company for any New Notes at the request of any purchasers of such debt to the extent necessary in order to enable immediate trading under Rule 144A and Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Board Representation A representative designated by the Majority Supporting Holders (or by holders of more than 50 of the principal amount of New Notes after the Closing Date) and reasonably acceptable to Wes Edens shall be appointed to be director on the board of directors of the Company. Conditions Precedent to Closing The conditions to closing the First Lien Indenture will include customary conditions including, without limitation: a. The consummation of the transactions contemplated in Intercompany Transactions above, either prior to or substantially concurrently with the closing; b. The consummation of the Equity Raise; c. The consummation of the transactions contemplated in Intercompany Transactions above, either prior to or substantially concurrently with the closing; d. The Company shall have used commercially reasonable efforts to extend the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Agreement to April 15, 2027; e. To the extent the Supporting Holders constitute the requisite required holders under each of the 2026 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture, the Company shall have entered into supplemental indenture to the 2026 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Supporting Holders and providing for (i) the removal of all covenants and events of default that may be removed in compliance with terms of such indentures and (ii) the subordination of the liens securing the 2026 and 2029 Notes with respect to the indirect equity value or residual value of FLNG 1 and FLNG 2 (via subordination of liens in proceeds, equity interests or otherwise) to the liens securing the Refinancing Intercompany Loans; f. The Company shall have executed and delivered advisor fee reimbursement letters, in each case, in form and substance to the Supporting Holders; g. The entity or entities holding the Santa Catarina business shall have entered into a long term LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement with NFE North Trading LLC on arms-length terms and not in violation of the Credit Agreements, the 2026 Notes Indenture and the 2029 Notes Indenture; h. The satisfaction and discharge of all outstanding 2025 Notes substantially concurrently with the closing; i. Customary closing deliverables; j. Payment of all fees and expenses; and k. Other closing conditions customary for transactions of this type set forth in the Definitive Documents Exhibit B Form of Joinder The undersigned Joinder Party hereby acknowledges that it has read and understands the Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of [ ], 2024 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement ),1 by and among the Company and the Supporting Holders. 1. Agreement to be Bound. The Joinder Party hereby agrees to be bound by all of the terms of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Annex I (as the same has been or may hereafter be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof). The Joinder Party shall hereafter be deemed to be a Supporting Holder and a Party for all purposes under the Agreement and with respect to all Company Claims held by the Joinder Party. 2. Representations and Warranties. The Joinder Party hereby (i) represents and warrants that it is a permitted Transferee pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and (ii) makes the representations and warranties of the Supporting Holder set forth in the Agreement, in each case to each other Party, effective as of the date hereof. 3. Governing Law. This Joinder to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions which would require the application of the Law of any other jurisdiction. [Signature Page Follows] 1 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall having the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Agreement. 

JOINDER PARTY: Date Executed: By: Name: Title: Address: E-mail address(es): Amounts Beneficially Owned or Managed on Account of: 2025 Notes 2026 Notes 2029 Notes Exhibit C Credit Agreement Amendments 

Schedule 1 As of: 10/1/2024 Private Confidential Institution 2025 Notes 2026 Notes 2029 Notes Blackrock 47,011,600.00 121,996,000.00 50,535,000.00 Brandywine 71,866,000.00 88,475,000.00 98,964,000.00 AllianceBernstein 46,882,000.00 128,243,000.00 73,620,000.00 CapRe 78,476,000.00 397,857,000.00 170,291,000.00 PIMCO 18,880,000.00 56,400,000.00 34,557,000.00 Fidelity 63,718,000.00 109,427,000.00 - Voya 65,957,000.00 65,550,000.00 42,950,000.00 Total 392,790,600.00 967,948,000.00 470,917,000.00 Schedule 2 As of: 10/1/2024 Private Confidential Fund Sub Fund New Money Commitment Percentage AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock AB High Income Fund, Inc. 0.9 AB Bond Fund, Inc. - AB Income Fund 0.6 Custody Bank of Japan Ltd. - Account - AHYO 0.0 AllianceBernstein(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., in its capacity as management company, for and on behalf of AB FCP I - American Income Portfolio 5.0 AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund, Inc. 0.3 The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. - Account - COMPA1 0.0 The Nomura Trust and Banking Co., Ltd. - Account - COMPBNIG 0.0 Desjardins Financial Security Life Assurance Company 0.1 AB SICAV I - All Market Income Portfolio 0.1 Fonds de Reserve pour les Retraites 0.1 AllianceBernstein(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l., in its capacity as management company, for and on behalf of AB FCP I - Global High Yield Portfolio 3.3 AB SICAV I - Global Income Portfolio 0.0 AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB High Yield ETF 0.0 AB SICAV I - US High Yield Portfolio 0.1 G.A.S. (Cayman) Limited in its capacity as trustee of Amadeus Fund - AB Income Strategy Fund 0.0 Mizuho AB Trust Series - Mizuho US High Income Bond Fund 0.0 State of New Mexico State Investment Council 0.6 PTV2 0.1 AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB Short Duration Income ETF 0.0 AB SICAV I - Short Duration High Yield Portfolio 0.6 AB Active ETFs, Inc. - AB Short Duration High Yield ETF 0.3 AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL Global High Yield Fund 0.3 AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US High Yield Fund 0.0 AB Collective Investment Trust Series - AB US High Yield Collective Trust 0.1 AllianceBernstein Investments Taiwan Limited acting as agent and in its capacity as fund manager on behalf of ABITL US Umbrella Fund - ABITL US Multi-Asset Income Fund 0.0 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF BLACKROCK FIXED INCOME GLOBAL ALPHA MASTER FUND LTD. 0.1 BALDR BAYES FUND INC 0.1 BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC TOTAL ALPHA MASTER FUND LTD. 0.1 STICHTING DELA DEPOSITARY MANAGEMENT 0.0 STICHTING BEDRIJFSTAKPENSIOENFONDS VOOR DE DETAILHANDEL 0.0 ENTE NAZIONALE DI PREVIDENZA ED ASSISTENZA DEI MEDICI E DEGLI ODONTOIATRI 0.0 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF THE U.S. HIGH YIELD BOND INDEX NON-LENDABLE FUND B 0.1 IMCO GLOBAL CREDIT LP 0.0 ISHARES II PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES USD HIGH YIELD CORP BOND ESG UCITS ETF 0.3 ISHARES VI PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES GLOBAL HIGH YIELD CORP BOND CHF HEDGED UCITS ETF (DIST) 0.0 ISHARES VI PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES GLOBAL HIGH YIELD CORP BOND GBP HEDGED UCITS ETF (DIST) 0.0 ISHARES US INTL HIGH YIELD CORP BOND ETF 0.0 

Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock ISHARES IBOXX HIGH YIELD CORPORATE BOND ETF 2.5 ISHARES IBONDS 2025 TERM HIGH YIELD AND INCOME ETF 0.0 ISHARES IBONDS 2026 TERM HIGH YIELD AND INCOME ETF 0.4 ISHARES IBONDS 2029 TERM HIGH YIELD AND INCOME ETF 0.0 ISHARES CORE 1-5 YEAR USD BOND ETF 0.0 ISHARES CORE TOTAL USD BOND MARKET ETF 0.2 ISHARES 0-5 YEAR HIGH YIELD CORPORATE BOND ETF 1.3 ISHARES BROAD USD HIGH YIELD CORPORATE BOND ETF 2.1 ISHARES PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES GLOBAL HIGH YIELD CORP BOND UCITS ETF USD (DIST) 0.0 ISHARES III PLC - ISHARES BROAD HIGH YIELD CORPORATE BOND UCITS ETF 0.1 ISHARES II PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES USD HIGH YIELD CORP BOND UCITS ETF USD (DIST) 0.1 ISHARES IV PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY - ISHARES USD SHORT DURATION HIGH YIELD CORP BOND UCITS ETF USD (DIST) 0.0 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF THE LOS ANGELES COUNTY EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION 0.0 RENAISSANCE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LTD. 0.0 UBS FUND MANAGEMENT (SWITZERLAND) AG ON BEHALF OF KYBURG INSTITUTIONAL FUND OBLIGATIONEN FREMDWAHRUNGEN 0.1 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF US HIGH YIELD BOND INDEX FUND 0.0 US HIGH YIELD PASSIVE PORTFOLIO 0.0 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS INVESTMENT SUB-ADVISOR OF ISHARES U.S. HIGH YIELD BOND INDEX ETF (CAD-HEDGED) 0.0 BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC MULTI-STRATEGY FUND OF BLACKROCK FUNDS IV 0.9 ENHANCED PASSIVE GLOBAL HIGH YIELD BOND PORTFOLIO 0.3 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF HIGH YIELD CREDIT SCREENED FUND 0.1 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF ALPHACREDIT HIGH YIELD BOND PORTFOLIO 0.4 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF ALPHACREDIT HIGH YIELD BOND PORTFOLIO II 0.9 BLACKROCK BALANCED CAPITAL PORTFOLIO OF BLACKROCK SERIES FUND, INC. 0.0 BLACKROCK SUSTAINABLE BALANCED FUND, INC. 0.1 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYSTEM 0.1 BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC MULTI-STRATEGY ALPHA MASTER FUND LTD. 0.0 BLACKROCK DIVERSIFIED FIXED INCOME FUND OF BLACKROCK FUNDS III 0.0 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF SYSTEMATIC ENHANCED HIGH YIELD BOND FUND 0.1 BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF FISCO DE LA REPUBLICA DE CHILE 0.1 BLACKROCK GLOBAL HIGH YIELD SUSTAINABLE CREDIT SCREENED FUND 0.2 IBM GLOBAL STRATEGY FUND 0.0 ISHARES US FIXED INCOME BALANCED RISK FACTOR ETF 0.0 COREALPHA BOND MASTER PORTFOLIO OF MASTER INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO II 0.0 RENAISSANCE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LTD. 0.2 BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC MULTI ALLOCATION CREDIT FUND HIGH YIELD 0.0 GLOBAL ATLANTIC INVESTMENT ADVISORS, LLC 0.0 MORNINGSTAR ALTERNATIVES FUND A SERIES OF MORNINGSTAR FUNDS TRUST 0.0 STICHTING PENSIOENFONDS MEDISCH SPECIALISTEN 0.0 Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Blackrock Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY, NA, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT AS TRUSTEE OF US CORE FIXED INCOME BALANCED RISK FUND 0.0 BLACKROCK FUNDS I ICAV - BLACKROCK SYSTEMATIC MULTI-STRATEGY ESG SCREENED FUND 0.0 AMERIGROUP MARYLAND, INC. 0.1 ANTHEM HEALTHCHOICE ASSURANCE, INC 0.4 BLACKROCK GLOBAL FUNDS SYSTEMATIC ESG MULTI ALLOCATION CREDIT FUND HIGH YIELD 0.0 PENSIONSKASSE STADT ZURICH 0.0 Brandywine Global Multi-Sector Income Fund BGIMT 0.4 Franklin Global Fundamental Strategies Fund 0.1 Ailis Brandywine Global IM Bond Optimiser 0.1 Brandywine Global Income 0.2 Franklin Brandywine Global Sustainable Income Optimiser Fund 0.1 Colonial First State Specialist Fund 38 (AUD) 0.0 FTGF Global Multi Sector Impact Fund 0.0 Franklin Templeton Funds - FTF Brandywine Global Income Optimiser Fund 0.4 Atlantic Health System Inc. 0.1 Police and Firemen's Retirement System of New Jersey 0.3 7601 0.1 Canada Life Pathways Global Multi Sector Bond Fund 0.2 VALIC Company I - Global Strategy Fund 0.0 WM Pool - Fixed Interest Trust No. 13 (AUD) 0.3 Franklin Brandywine Global Sustainable Balanced Fund (GAB Sleeve) 0.0 BrandywineGLOBAL - High Yield Fund 2.4 BrandywineGLOBAL - Corporate Credit Fund 1.7 BrandywineGLOBAL - Alternative Credit Fund 0.0 FTGF Brandywine Global Credit Opportunities Fund 0.0 Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana (MAC) 0.2 Global Multi Sector Impact Portfolio - BIT 0.0 Brandywine Emerging Markets Debt Opportunities Fund - BGIMT 0.0 FTGF Brandywine Global High Yield Fund 0.0 Pepper, L.P. 0.0 BrandywineGLOBAL - Global Income Opportunities Fund Inc. 0.1 FTGF Brandywine Global Income Optimiser Fund 0.7 BrandywineGLOBAL - Flexible Bond Fund 0.2 ENPAM 1.4 MultiMix Wholesale Diversified Fixed Interest Trust 0.1 Brandywine Global Income Optimiser Fund 0.1 Multi Series Wholesale Fixed Income Trust 0.1 Saudi National Bank 0.2 Brandywine Global U.S. High Yield Opportunities Fund - BGIMT 0.0 

Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine Brandywine CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe CapRe Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Makena Long-Short Master Fund B, L.P. 0.1 JPAS - Credit-A S.P. 0.0 Green Wadi Investment Holdings RSC Limited 0.2 HI-Stiftung H-Fonds 0.0 INKA Luck Fonds Brandywine 0.1 Motion Picture Industry Health Plan 0.1 AFIS American High-Income Trust 0.7 AFIS Asset Allocation Fund 0.9 AFIS Capital Income Builder 0.0 AFIS Capital World Bond Fund 0.0 American Funds Multi-Sector Income Fund 6.7 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund 2.0 American High-Income Trust 16.0 Capital Group Core Plus Income ETF 0.6 Capital Group Multi-Sector Income Fund (Canada) 0.1 Capital Group U.S. Multi-Sector Income ETF 0.6 Capital Income Builder 1.0 Capital World Bond Fund 0.2 CG Core Plus Total Return Trust (US) 0.0 CG U.S. High-Yield Trust (US) 0.1 CISA - CG Global High Inc Opps LUX 0.7 CISA - CG GTRB (LUX) 0.0 CISA - CG US High Yield Fund (LUX) 0.1 CISA - EMBO-BOCA, 312510 0.2 CRMC - CG GHIO (UK) 0.0 CRMC - CG MSI (LUX) 0.5 DWP - Employees' Retirement Plan 0.2 DWP - Retiree Health Benefits Fund 0.0 The Bond Fund of America 0.9 The Income Fund of America 12.3 WS ACCESS Global Income Opportunities Fund 0.1 Fidelity Advisor Series I: Fidelity Advisor Floating Rate High Income Fund 1.3 Master Trust Bank of Japan Ltd. Re: Fidelity US High Yield Open Mother Fund 1.2 Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity High Income Fund 0.9 Fidelity Income Fund: Fidelity Total Bond High Income Sub 0.6 Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity SAI High Income Fund 0.5 Fidelity Income Fund: Fidelity Total Bond Fund - Floating Rate Securities Subportfolio 0.3 Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity Series High Income Fund 0.3 Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity SAI Total Bond Fund - High Income Sub-portfolio 0.3 Fidelity PIMCO Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity Fidelity PIMCO PIMCO Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Total Bond ETF - High Income Subportfolio 0.2 Fidelity Central Investment Portfolios LLC: Fidelity Floating Rate Central Fund 0.2 Fidelity Floating Rate High Income Multi-Asset Base Fund 0.2 Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity SAI Total Bond Fund - Floating Rate Securities Sub-portfolio 0.2 FIAM High Yield Bond Commingled Pool 0.2 Variable Insurance Products Fund: VIP Floating Rate High Income Portfolio 0.2 Fidelity Income Fund: Fidelity Total Bond K6 Fund 0.1 Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Total Bond ETF 0.1 Fidelity U.S. High Yield Institutional Trust 0.1 Fidelity Covington Trust: Fidelity High Yield Factor ETF 0.1 Strategic Advisers Income Opportunities Fund - FIAM High Income Subportfolio 0.1 FIAM Floating Rate High Income Commingled Pool 0.1 JNL/PPM America Floating Rate Income Fund 0.0 Variable Insurance Products Fund: VIP Floating Rate High Income Portfolio 0.2 Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity Short Duration High Income Fund 0.0 Strategic Advisers Fidelity Core Income Fund - FIAM Core Investment Grade Group 0.0 Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity Series Floating Rate High Income Fund 0.0 Fidelity Global High Yield Multi-Asset Base Fund 0.0 FIAM Leveraged Loan LP 0.0 Fidelity Qualifying Investor Funds - Fidelity US Loan Fund 0.0 Fidelity Advisor Series II: Fidelity Advisor Limited Term Bond Fund 0.0 Fidelity Floating Rate High Income Fund 0.0 JNL/Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Total Bond Fund - High Income 0.0 Fidelity Central Investment Portfolios LLC: Fidelity Specialized High Income Central Fund 0.0 AZL Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Multi-Strategy Fund 0.0 Fidelity Summer Street Trust: Fidelity Focused High Income Fund 0.0 JNL/Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Total Bond Fund - Floating Rate Securities 0.0 Fidelity Covington Trust: Fidelity Sustainable High Yield ETF 0.0 Strategic Advisers Core Income Fund - FIAM Core Investment Grade Group 0.0 Fidelity Investments Life Insurance - High Yield Bond Account 0.0 Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity SAI Sustainable Core Plus Bond Fund 0.0 FMR Capital, Inc. High Yield Analyst 2 Pilot Portfolio 0.0 Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Limited Term Bond ETF 0.0 Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Sustainable Core Plus Bond Fund 0.0 Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Tactical Bond ETF 0.0 Fidelity Merrimack Street Trust: Fidelity Sustainable Core Plus Bond ETF 0.0 PIMCO Funds: PIMCO Low Duration Credit Fund 0.0 The State Teachers Retirement System of Ohio 0.0 PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc, US High Yield Bond Fund 0.3 

PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO PIMCO ETFs plc, PIMCO US Short-Term High Yield Corporate Bond Index UCITS ETF 0.4 PIMCO ETF Trust: PIMCO Multisector Bond Active Exchange-Traded Fund 0.1 Koch Financial Assets V, LLC 0.1 PIMCO ETF Trust: PIMCO 0-5 Year High Yield Corporate Bond Index Exchange-Traded Fund 0.4 ODDO BHF Asset Management GmbH acting on behalf of RZVK Segment 15 Global High Yield 0.0 PIMCO Funds: PIMCO High Yield Spectrum Fund 0.1 Nova Scotia Teachers' Pension Fund 0.0 Aon Collective Investment Trust 0.0 Obligations Haut Rendement a sub-fund of RP Fonds institutionnel 0.0 PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc, Diversified Income Duration Hedged Fund 0.0 LCIV MAC FUND 0.1 Lehigh Valley Hospital, Inc. 0.0 PIMCO Dynamic Income Strategy Fund 0.2 UI BVK Kapitalverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH acting for the account of BAYVK R2 PIMCO 0.1 PIMCO Funds: PIMCO High Yield Fund 1.7 Deka Investment GmbH acting for the account of Dekafonds-RA-HH Pimco HY 0.0 PIMCO Cayman Trust: PIMCO Cayman Global High Income Fund 0.1 PIMCO Funds: Private Account Portfolio Series PIMCO High Yield and Short-Term Investments Portfolio 0.0 PIMCO Funds: PIMCO Sector Fund Series ? H 0.0 PIMCO Offshore Funds: PIMCO U.S. Crossover Corporate Bond Fund 0.0 NORTHERN IRELAND LOCAL GOVERNMENT OFFICERS' SUPERANNUATION COMMITTEE 0.0 Employees' Retirement System of the State of Rhode Island 0.0 PIMCO Bermuda Trust II: PIMCO Bermuda U.S. High Yield Fund II (M) 0.0 PIMCO High Yield Collective Trust 0.0 Universal-Investment-Gesellschaft mbH acting for the account of APT-UNIVERSAL-FONDS/ HYB 0.0 Universal-Investment-Gesellschaft mbH acting for account of VStBH-Universal-Fonds (Segment Pimco US-HY) 0.0 PIMCO Bermuda Trust IV: PIMCO Global High Yield Strategy Fund 0.0 PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc, Global High Yield Bond Fund 0.4 AIA Investment Funds AIA US High Yield Bond Fund 0.0 Deka Investment GmbH acting for the account of PIMCO-RAB 0.0 Allianz Global Investors GmbH acting for CBP Growth Segment Global High Yield 0.0 Nova Scotia Public Service Superannuation Fund 0.0 California Public Employees' Retirement System 1.6 CIBC Global Credit Fund 0.0 Nursing Homes and Related Industries Pension Plan 0.0 PIMCO Bermuda Trust II: PIMCO Bermuda U.S. High Yield Fund (M) 0.1 PIMCO Variable Insurance Trust: PIMCO High Yield Portfolio 0.1 PIMCO Funds: Global Investors Series plc, Diversified Income Fund 0.1 Tucson Supplemental Retirement System 0.0 Voya Voya Voya Voya Voya Voya Voya Voya Voya Voya U-1883 3.7 U-2020 1.4 U-1891 0.1 U-2028 0.7 U-1887 0.6 U-2074 0.5 U-210 0.3 U-2038 0.2 U-2076 0.0 U-2082 0.0 Total 100.00 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 nfe-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Wesley R. Edens, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the report of New Fortress Energy Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Wesley R. Edens Wesley R. Edens Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 nfe-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christopher S. Guinta, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the report of New Fortress Energy Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Christopher S. Guinta Christopher S. Guinta Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 nfe-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of New Fortress Energy Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Wesley R. Edens, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Wesley R. Edens Wesley R. Edens Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 nfe-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER UNDER SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of New Fortress Energy Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Christopher S. Guinta, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Christopher S. Guinta Christopher S. Guinta Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 nfe-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 nfe-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 nfe-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 nfe-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 nfe-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

