<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241122_10-Q_edgar_data_1093636_0001065949-24-000128.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2329754</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59727</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>648355</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>379791</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>517923</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>681275</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001065949-24-000128.hdr.sgml : 20241122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241122103915
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001065949-24-000128
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Saxon Capital Group, Inc./DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001093636
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				943370795
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28675
		FILM NUMBER:		241487209

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 147165
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-323-4896

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 147165
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Atlas Technology Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRIBEWORKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001065949-24-000128.txt : 20241122

10-Q
 1
 atyg-20240930.htm.htm

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly
period ended 

OR 

TRANSACTION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from ________ to _________ 

Commission File Number:

SAXON CAPITAL
GROUP, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

- 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

_________________________________________________________ 

(Former
Name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, "non-accelerated
filer ," smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large, accelerated filer [_] Accelerated filer [_] 
 [X] Smaller reporting company [ ] 
 Emerging growth company [ ] 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

As of November 20,
2024, there were shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1 . 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 
 Item 2 . 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item 3 . 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item 4 . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1 . 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors 
 21 
 
 Item 2 . 
 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 21 
 
 Item 3 . 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 21 
 
 Item 4 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 
 Item 5 . 
 Other Information 
 21 
 
 Item 6 . 
 Exhibits 
 21 

SIGNATURES 
 22 

PART I 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

SAXON CAPITAL GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable and Accruals 

Accruals - Related Parties 

Note Payable - Related Party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7) 

Shareholders' Deficit 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Series A Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional Paid In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements. 

1 

SAXON CAPITAL GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 
 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

REVENUE 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

LOSS BEFORE TAXES 

TAXES 

NET LOSS 

Net Loss per Common Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements. 

2 

SAXON CAPITAL GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

Series A Preferred Shares 
 Common Shares 
 Additional Paid-In 
 (Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 THREE MONTHS 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Net loss for the period 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Net loss for the period 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

NINE MONTHS 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

Net loss for the period 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Net loss for the period 

Balance at September, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements. 

3 

SAXON CAPITAL GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED 

SEPTEMBER 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in working capital items: 

Accounts Payable and Accruals 

Accruals - Related Parties 

Net Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities 

Net Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Note Payable - Related Party 

Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash: 

Beginning Cash: 

Ending Cash: 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for tax 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements. 

4 

SAXON CAPITAL GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 2023 

of all voteable preferred and common shares issued and outstanding, 
 - We issued a new share of Series A Preferred Stock, carrying the same super preferred voting rights described above, to Mr. Cutler. As a consequence of this issuance, Mr. Cutler became our new controlling shareholder, 
 - Mr. Cutler was appointed as a director of ours and as our Chief Financial Officer, 
 - Mr. Cutler paid to CECI on our behalf as a partial repayment of the outstanding fees due by us to CECI, 
 - Mr. Cutler undertook to pay a further on our behalf as a full and final settlement of the outstanding fees due by us to CECI, such payment to be made on the approval by FINRA of a proposed name change and reverse stock split, 
 - CECI agreed to accept the to be paid to them by Mr. Cutler on our behalf in full and final settlement of the outstanding fees due by us to CECI. 

The initial payment of to CECI was made
by Mr. Cutler as agreed. 

There is no guarantee that it will be possible
to complete the remaining terms of the Agreement. 

Effective November 10, 2021, the Board of directors
recommended, and the holder of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock voted, to approve the following items: 

5 

(This action requires an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation and requires the approval of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA )), and 

- 

Effective November 17, 2022 Board of Director
approved the following actions to: 

- Cancel all shares of authorized unissued shares of Series
B Preferred Stock. 

- Increase the number of shares authorized Series A Preferred Stock
from to . 

- , such that each old share represents new shares. 

- Convert post-split shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 
shares of our common stock leaving shares of post-split Series A stock issued and outstanding. 

History 

Saxon Capital Inc. was incorporated in the
state of Nevada in August 1996 under the name Pan World Corporation. In November 1999, the Company changed its name to Tribeworks,
Inc. and redomiciled to the state of Delaware. In August 2007, the Company changed its name to Atlas Technology Group, Inc. In
August 2015, the Company redomiciled to the State of Florida. In December 2015, the Company changed its name to Moxie Motion Pictures,
Inc. In November 2018, the Company changed its name back to Atlas Technology Group, Inc. On August 30, 2022, Atlas Technology Group,
Inc. merged into Saxon Capital Group, Inc. and redomiciled from State of Florida to State of Delaware. Now the surviving corporation
is Saxon Capital Group, Inc. On September 19, 2023, shareholder notice of corporate pursuant to Section 204 of the Delaware General
Corporation Laws, on July 31, 2023, the company, as approved by the Board of Directors and the written consent of a majority of
the shareholders, ratified a redomicile which was effective July 27, 2015. 

Since its Inception in August 1996, the Company
has at various times been involved in the following business activities: software sales, provision of information technology application
support services, distribution of energy efficient lighting products and movie production and talent management. 

By December 31, 2018, the Company had ceased
all operations and had disposed of all its former operating subsidiaries. 

Impact
of the Ukrainian and Israeli Conflicts 

We believe that the conflicts involving Ukraine
and Israel do not have any direct impact on our operations, financial condition, or financial reporting. We believe the conflicts
will have only a general impact on our operations in the same manner as it is having a general impact on all businesses that have
their operations limited to North America resulting from international sanction and embargo regulations, possible shortages of
goods and goods incorporating parts that may be supplied from countries involved in the conflicts, supply chain challenges, and
the international and US domestic inflation resulting from the conflict and government spending in relation to the conflicts. As
our operations are related only to the small business loans in North America, we do not believe we will be targeted for cyber-attacks
related to the conflicts. We have no operations in the countries directly involved in the conflict or are specifically impacted
by any of the sanctions and embargoes, as we principally operate solely in the United States. We do not believe that the conflicts
will have any impact on our internal control over financial reporting. Other than general securities market trends, we do
not have reason to believe that investors will evaluate the company as having special risks or exposures related to the conflicts. 

6 

and had an accumulated deficit
of as of September 30, 2024. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification
of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Our ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional debt or equity funding to meet our ongoing operating
expenses and ultimately in merging with another entity with experienced management and profitable operations. No assurances can
be given that we will be successful in achieving these objectives. 

7 

or more of our membership interests including such person's immediate families, (ii) our management,
(iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with us, or (iv) any
person who is or was (since the beginning of the last fiscal year, even if such person does not presently serve in that role) an
executive officer, director or nominee for director of the Company, or (v) anyone who can significantly influence our financial
and operating decisions. A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or
obligations between related parties. See Notes 5 and 6 below for details of related party transactions in the period presented. 

8 

9 

and , respectively.
The balance owed as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was principally due to the Company s share transfer agent. 

and respectively. 

These accruals relate to consulting fees due
to our current controlling shareholder, director and chief financial officer and , respectively) and our former
controlling shareholder and , respectively). 

and , respectively. 

During the nine months period ended September
30, 2024, our controlling shareholder, director and chief financial officer, advanced to us (2023 - ), by way of
a promissory note to finance our working capital requirements. 

The promissory note is unsecured, due on demand
and interest free. 

shares
of preferred stock with a par value of , with such relative rights, preferences and designations as may be determined by
our Board of Directors in its sole discretion upon the issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock. 

share of Series A Preferred Stock and 
shares of Series B Preferred Stock were designated effective July 27, 2015. 

10 

shares of authorized but unissued shares of
Series B Preferred Stock. 

- Increase the number of shares authorized Series A Preferred Stock
from to . 

As on September 30, 2024, there are 
shares of preferred stock available for designation. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

As of September 30, 2024, we were authorized
to issue shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a par value of . 

share of Series A Preferred Stock was issued
and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

The share of Series A Preferred Stock carried
super majority voting rights such that it can vote the equivalent of of all votable preferred and common stock at all times. 

The share of Series A Preferred Stock was convertible
into shares of common stock at the option of the Holder. 

As described above, effective May 29, 2021,
the existing issued share of Series A Preferred Stock was returned to us by our former controlling shareholder and cancelled
by us. 

Further on May 29, 2021, we issued a new share
of Series A Preferred Stock, valued by an independent, third party valuation company at , as compensation to our new controlling
shareholder, director and Chief Financial Officer. 

However, effective November 25, 2022, the single
share of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was forward split in the ratio of : , such that the single outstanding
old share was replaced with new shares. 

The single share of Series A Preferred Stock
originally carried super majority voting rights such that it could vote the equivalent of of all votable preferred and common
stock at all times. 

Subsequently
the super majority voting power of the single share of Series A Preferred Stock was increased from to . 

effective
November 25, 2022, each of the post forward split shares of Series A Preferred Stock is now convertible into 
shares of common stock with total voting rights equal to ownership of the common stock of the Company at the option of the
Holder. 

Effective November 25, 2022, shares of
Series A Preferred Stock was converted into shares of common stock and the remaining shares are issued and outstanding
as on September 30, 2024. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding respectively. 

Common Stock 

As of
September 30, 2024 , we were authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of . 

No shares of common stock were issued during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

Effective November 10, 2021, the Company s controlling shareholder and the Board approved 

11 

reverse
share split, followed by a forward share split. This change in the number of common shares issued
and outstanding is pending FINRA approval. 

Effective November 25, 2022, Series A Preferred
Stock was converted into shares of common stock. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 
shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. 

Warrants 

warrants were issued or outstanding during the nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Stock Options 

We currently have no stock option plan. 

stock options were issued or outstanding
during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

12 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements
made in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995) in regard to the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of the registrant
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
The Company s plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of business. Assumptions
relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions
and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the
control of the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included
in this quarterly report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements
included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the registrant or any other person
that the objectives and plans of the registrant will be achieved. 

Substantial risks exist with respect
to an investment in the Company. These risks include but are not limited to, those factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Commission on April 15, 2024. More broadly, these factors include, but are not limited to: 

We have incurred significant losses and expect to incur future losses; 

Our current financial condition and immediate need for capital; 

Potential significant dilution resulting
 from the issuance of new securities for any funding, debt conversion 
 or any business combination; and 

We are a penny stock company. 

OVERVIEW 

Saxon Capital Group,
Inc., formerly Atlas Technology Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Company , We", "Us"
or Our is a SEC reporting shell company. There is no established public trading market for our shares which are
quoted on the OTC Markets platform and are eligible for Unsolicited Quotes Only. We believe this is due to there being no broker
dealers willing to quote our stock. We intend to seek approval for our shares of common stock to be traded on the Pink Sheets again.
Once relisted on the Pink Sheets, we will then seek to merge with an entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth
in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There is no guarantee that we will be successful
in becoming relisted on the Pink Sheets and no potential merger candidate has been identified at this time. 

Saxon Capital Group Inc. the Company, 
 We," "Us," or Our was incorporated under the laws of State of Delaware as on July 12, 2022. 

Atlas Technology Group, Inc., a Florida corporation,
merged into Saxon Capital Group, Inc effective from August 30, 2022. Now the surviving entity is Saxon Capital Group, Inc. 

PLAN
OF OPERATION 

Our plan of operation
is to obtain debt or equity finance to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to relist our shares of common stock on
the Pink Sheets and then merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares
of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance that any of the events can be successfully
completed, that our shares of common stock will be relisted on the Pink Sheets, any such business will be identified or that any
stockholder will realize any return on 

13 

their shares after
such a transaction has been completed. In particular, there is no assurance that any such business will be located or that any
stockholder will realize any return on their shares after such a transaction. Any merger or acquisition completed by us can be
expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by our current stockholders. 

As of September 30,
2024, we had no cash on hand and committed resources of debt or equity to fund these losses. We will be reliant, potentially, on
advances from our principal shareholders or our directors and officers. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to obtain
sufficient funding these sources. 

Our
principal shareholder has indicated his intention to provide such funds as may be required for the Company to become, and remain,
a fully reporting public company while seeking to create value for shareholders by merging with another entity with experienced
management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of its common stock. Such intentions do not represent a binding commitment
by the principal shareholder and there is no guarantee that our two principal shareholders will be able to provide the funding
necessary to achieve this objective. 

We
currently believe that our principal shareholder will be able to provide us with the funding necessary to effect our business plan
to merge with another entity. However, while our principal shareholder has indicated his intention to provide us with sufficient
funding to achieve this objective, there is no guarantee that he will be able to provide funding necessary to enable us to merge
with another entity. 

If
we are unable to obtain the necessary funding from our principal shareholder, we anticipate facing major challenges in raising
the necessary funding to effect our business plan to merge with another entity. Raising debt or equity funding for small publicly
quoted, penny stock, shell companies is always extremely challenging. 

We
may face a number of obstacles in our attempt to raise funding to achieve our objective of merging with a yet to be identified
company or group. One of those is Rule 419, under the Securities Act of 1933. 

Rule
419 defines a "blank check company" as a company that: i. Is a development stage company that has no specific business
plan or purpose or has indicated that its business plan is to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company or
companies, or other entity or person; and ii. Is issuing "penny stock," as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. 

We
are a blank check company and therefore, in order to raise public or private funds, we must comply with the requirements
of Rule 419 which includes restrictive escrow and other provisions. These provisions will make it difficult, if not impossible,
for us to raise funds for the company. 

Therefore,
because of these difficulties in raising funding in penny stock or shell companies, if our principal shareholder is unable to provide
us with the funding required to merge with another entity, it is very likely that we will be unable to implement our business plan
to merge with another entity to create value for all of our shareholders . 

We
believe we are an insignificant participant among the firms which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are
many established venture capital and financial concerns that have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical
expertise than we have. In view of our limited financial resources and limited management availability, we will continue to be
at a significant competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. 

We
intend to seek, investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities presented to us
by persons or firms which desire to seek the advantages of an issuer who has complied with the Securities Act of 1934 (the 1934
Act ). We will not restrict our search to any specific business, industry or geographical location, and we may participate
in business ventures of virtually any nature. This discussion of our proposed business is purposefully general and is not meant
to be restrictive of our virtually unlimited discretion to search for and enter into potential business opportunities. We anticipate
that we may be able to participate in only one potential business venture because of our lack of financial resources. 

14 

We
may seek a business opportunity with entities which have recently commenced operations, or that desire to utilize the public marketplace
in order to raise additional capital in order to expand into new products or markets, to develop a new product or service, or for
other corporate purposes. We may acquire assets and establish wholly owned subsidiaries in various businesses or acquire existing
businesses as subsidiaries. 

We
expect that the selection of a business opportunity will be complex and risky. Due to general economic conditions, rapid technological
advances being made in some industries and shortages of available capital, we believe that there are numerous firms seeking the
benefits of an issuer who has complied with the 1934 Act. Such benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which
additional equity financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees,
providing liquidity (subject to restrictions of applicable statutes) for all stockholders and other factors. Potentially, available
business opportunities may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the
task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. We have, and will
continue to have, essentially no assets to provide the owners of business opportunities. However, we will be able to offer owners
of acquisition candidates the opportunity to acquire a controlling ownership interest in an issuer who has complied with the 1934
Act without incurring the cost and time required to conduct an initial public offering. 

The
analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by, or under the supervision of, our sole director. We intend to concentrate
on identifying preliminary prospective business opportunities which may be brought to our attention through present associations
of our director, professional advisors or by our stockholders. In analyzing prospective business opportunities, we will consider
such matters as (i) available technical, financial and managerial
resources; (ii) working capital and other financial requirements; (iii) history of operations, if any, and prospects for the future;
(iv) nature of present and expected competition; (v) quality, experience and depth of management services; (vi) potential for further
research, development or exploration; (vii) specific risk factors not now foreseeable but that may be anticipated to impact the
proposed activities of the company; (viii) potential for growth or expansion; (ix) potential for profit; (x) public recognition
and acceptance of products, services or trades; (xi) name identification; and (xii) other factors that we consider relevant. As
part of our investigation of the business opportunity, we expect to meet personally with management and key personnel. To the extent
possible, we intend to utilize written reports and personal investigation to evaluate the above factors. 

We
will not acquire or merge with any company for which audited financial statements cannot be obtained within a reasonable period
of time after closing of the proposed transaction. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Our plan of operation
is to obtain debt or equity finance to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to relist our shares of common stock on
the Pink Sheets and then merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares
of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance that any of the events can be successfully
completed, that our shares of common stock will be relisted on the Pink Sheets, any such business will be identified or that any
stockholder will realize any return on their shares after such a transaction has been completed. In particular, there is no assurance
that any such business will be located or that any stockholder will realize any return on their shares after such a transaction.
Any merger or acquisition completed by us can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held
by our current stockholders. 

THREE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 COMPARED TO THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Revenue 

We recognized
no revenue during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 as we had no revenue generating activities during these
periods. 

15 

G eneral
and Administrative Expenses 

During
the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, we incurred general and administrative expenses of 16,710, comprising director s
fees of 15,000, EDGAR filing fees of 1,320, accounting fees of 240 and share transfer agent fees of 150. 

By comparison,
during the three-months period ended September 30, 2023, we incurred general and administrative expenses of 19,942, comprising
directors fees of 15,000, Edgar filing fees of 2,205, auditing fees of 1,500, Legal fees of 1,087 and share transfer
agent fees of 150. 

Operating loss 

During
the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred operating losses of 16,710 and 19,942, respectively, due
to the factors described above. 

Other
income expense 

During
the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized no other income (expense). 

Loss before Income Tax 

During
the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized losses before income taxes of 16,710 and 19,942, respectively,
due to the factors discussed above. 

Provision for Income Tax 

No provision
for income taxes was recorded during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as we incurred taxable losses in
both periods. 

Net Loss 

During
the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized net losses of 16,710 and 19,942, respectively, due to
the factors discussed above. 

NINE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 COMPARED TO THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Revenue 

We recognized
no revenue during the nine months periods ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 as we had no revenue generating activities during these
periods. 

G eneral
and Administrative Expenses 

During
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, we incurred general and administrative expenses of 57,640, comprising consulting
fees of 45,000, auditing fees of 6,500, Edgar filing fees of 4,220, accounting fees of 1,395, and share transfer agent fees
of 525. 

By comparison,
during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, we incurred general and administrative expenses of 66,659, comprising consulting
fees of 45,000, accounting fees of 8,000, director s fees of 5,000, state filing fees of 4,694, Edgar filling fees of
 3,240, share transfer agent fees of 525 and FINRA fees of 200. 

Operating loss 

During
the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred operating losses of 57,640 and 66,659, respectively, due
to the factors described above. 

16 

Ot her
income expense 

During
the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized no other income (expense). 

Loss before Income Tax 

During
the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized losses before income taxes of 57,640 and 66,659, respectively,
due to the factors discussed above. 

Provision for Income Tax 

No provision
for income taxes was required during the nine month periods ended September, 2024 and 2023 as we incurred taxable losses in both
periods. 

Net Loss 

During
the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized net losses of 57,640 and 66,659, respectively, due to
the factors discussed above. 

CASH
FLOW 

As of September
30 , 2024, we did not have any cash or cash equivalents, no assets, no revenue generating activities or other source of income
and we had outstanding liabilities of 397,746 and a shareholders deficit of 397,746. 

By comparison, as of December 31, 2023, we
did not have any cash or cash equivalents, no assets, no revenue generating activities or other source of income and we had outstanding
liabilities of 340,106 and a shareholders deficit of 340,106. 

Consequently, we are now dependent on raising additional equity and/or debt to meet our ongoing operating expenses. There is no
assurance that we will be able to raise the necessary equity and/or debt that we will need to fund our ongoing operating expenses. 

It is our current
intention is to obtain debt or equity finance to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to relist our shares of common
stock on the Pink Sheets and then merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return
for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance that any of the events can be successfully
completed, that our shares of common stock will be relisted on the Pink Sheets, any such business will be identified or that any
stockholder will realize any return on their shares after such a transaction has been completed. In particular, there is no assurance
that any such business will be located or that any stockholder will realize any return on their shares after such a transaction.
Any merger or acquisition completed by us can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held
by our current stockholders. 

Future losses
are likely to occur as, until we are able to merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth
in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders, we have no sources of income to meet our operating
expenses. As a result of these, among other factors, we received from our registered independent public accountants in their report
for the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 ,
an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 

The following is a
summary of the Company s cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities for the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

17 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (8,270 
 (24,610 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 8,270 
 24,610 
 
 Net Change in Cash 

Operating Activities 

During
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 , we recognized a net loss 57,640 which was reduced for cash flow purposes
by a 4,370 increase in accounts payable and accruals and a 45,000 increase in accruals related parties resulting in net
cash of 8,270 being used in operating activities. 

By comparison, during
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023 , we recognized a net loss 66,659 which was increased for cash flow purposes
by a 2,951 decrease in accounts payable and accruals, partially offset by a 45,000 increase in accruals related parties
resulting in net cash of 24,610 being used in operating activities. 

Investing Activities 

We
did not engage in any investing activities during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and
2023. 

Financing Activities 

During
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 , we received 8,270 by way of loan from our chief financial officer, director
and controlling shareholder resulting in a total of 8,270 being generated from financing operations. 

By
comparison, during the nine-months period ended September 30, 2023, we received 24,610 by way of loan from our chief financial
officer, director and controlling shareholder resulting in a total of 24,610 generated from financing operations. 

We are dependent upon
the receipt of capital investment or other financing to fund our ongoing operations and to execute our business plan to merge with
another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value
for our shareholders. In addition, we are dependent upon our controlling shareholder to provide continued funding and capital resources.
If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms, we may not be able to implement our plan of operations. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

All companies are required to include a discussion
of critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of their financial statements. On an on-going basis, we evaluate
our critical accounting policies and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. 

Our significant accounting policies are described
in Note 3 of our Condensed Unaudited Financial Statements above. These policies were selected because they represent the more significant
accounting policies and methods that are broadly applied in the preparation of our financial statements. 

18 

Inflation 

To date inflation has not been a major factor
in our proposed business plan. However, there are significant inflationary pressures in the larger economy. The impact of
inflation is being reflected in higher wages, increased pricing of equipment and products and generally higher prices across all
sectors of the economy. We plan on carefully evaluating the impact of inflation and price increase pressures on our proposed
business plan. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Per SEC regulations, we are required to disclose
our off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
such as changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to investors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Share-based Compensation 

The cost of equity instruments issued to non-employees
in return for goods and services is measured by the fair value of the equity instruments issued in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation
- Stock Compensation. Measurement date for non-employees is the grant date of the stock-based compensation. The cost of
employee services received in exchange for equity instruments is based on the grant date fair value of the equity instruments issued. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We have reviewed all the recently issued, but
not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on our
financial statements. 

Contractual Obligations 

None. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

Our management conducted an evaluation, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer, and our
Chief Financial Officer, who is our principal financial and accounting officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Form
10-Q. Based on that evaluation, we concluded
that because of the material weakness and significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting described below,
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for the preparation
of our financial statements and related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure that the financial statements
present accurately, in material respects, our financial position and results
of operations in fairness and conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles. 

19 

Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange Act. These internal controls are
designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate,
and that the assumptions and opinions in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations
in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls, including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently,
an ineffective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial
information. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
that the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance
with our management s and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and published in 2013, and
subsequent guidance prepared by COSO specifically for smaller public companies. Based on that evaluation, management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2024 for the reasons discussed below. 

A significant deficiency is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, that adversely affects the entity s ability
to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report financial data reliably in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the entity s
financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected by the entity s internal control.
A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal
control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim
consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management identified the following material
weakness and significant deficiencies in its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024: 

Lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures ; 

Inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; 

Insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and 

Ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. 

There are no assurances that the material weaknesses
and significant deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will not result in errors in our
financial statements, which could lead to a restatement of those financial
statements. Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all
error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and maintained, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must account for resource
constraints. In addition, the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
can and will be detected. 

This Form 10-Q does not include an attestation
report from our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Commission that
permit us to provide only management s report in this Form 10-Q. 

20 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II 

OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

There are presently
no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company, any executive officer, any owner of record or beneficially of more
than five percent of any class of voting securities is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings
are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller
reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information required by
this Item. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults
Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable to
our Company. 

Item 5. Other
Information. 

. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as an Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 

21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 20, 2024 
 SAXON CAPITAL GROUP, INC. 

/s/
 Redgie Green 

Redgie Green 

Director and CEO 

(Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 David Cutler 

David Cutler 

Director and CFO 

(Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

I, Redgie Green, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of Saxon Capital Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 20, 2024 

/s/ Redgie Green 

Redgie Green 

(Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

I, David Cutler, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of Saxon Capital Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 20, 2024 

/s/
 David Cutler 

David Cutler 

(Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Saxon Capital Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Redgie Green, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 20, 2024 

/s/
 Redgie Green 

Redgie Green 

(Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32_2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Saxon Capital Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, David Cutler, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 20, 2024 

/s/
 David Cutler 

David Cutler 

(Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 atyg-20240930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 atyg-20240930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 atyg-20240930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 atyg-20240930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 atyg-20240930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

