<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1355848_0001683168-24-008023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8554424</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148437</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1564421</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2113400</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2200040</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2353032</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008023.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114085532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kartoon Studios, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001355848
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				204118216
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37950
		FILM NUMBER:		241457503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		190 N. CANON
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-273-4222

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		190 N. CANON
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Genius Brands International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PACIFIC ENTERTAINMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008023.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 kartoon_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

KARTOON STUDIOS, INC. Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission File Number:

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive
offices and zip code) 

 Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: - 

______________________________ 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Exchange where registered 

The 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) 
 x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 
 
 x 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 

As of November 13, 2024, the registrant had
 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

 FORM 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Page Number 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Condensed
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 30 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 39 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 39 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 41 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 43 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 46 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 46 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 46 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 46 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 48 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (in thousands, except share and par value data) 

As of 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Investments in Marketable Securities (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Accounts Receivable (net of allowance of and , respectively) 

Tax Credits Receivable (net of allowance of and , respectively) 

Notes and Accounts Receivable from Related Party 

Other Receivable 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 

Total Current Assets 

Noncurrent Assets: 

Property and Equipment, net 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets, net 

Finance Lease Right-of-Use Assets, net 

Film and Television Costs, net 

Investment in Your Family Entertainment AG 

Intangible Assets, net 

Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 

Participations Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued Salaries and Wages 

Deferred Revenue 

Margin Loan 

Production Facilities 

Bank Indebtedness 

Current Portion of Operating Lease Liabilities 

Current Portion of Finance Lease Liabilities 

Warrant Liability 

Due to Related Party 

Other Current Liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities: 

Deferred Revenue 

Operating Lease Liabilities, Net Current Portion 

Finance Lease Liabilities, Net Current Portion 

Deferred Tax Liability, net 

Other Noncurrent Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 19) 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

0 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Series B Preferred Stock, par value, share authorized, share issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Series C Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Treasury Stock at Cost, and , shares of common stock as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total Kartoon Studios, Inc. Stockholders' Equity 

Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

 (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues: 

Production Services 

Content Distribution 

Licensing Royalties 

Media Advisory Advertising Services 

Total Revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Marketing and Sales 

Direct Operating Costs 

General and Administrative 

Impairment of Property and Equipment 

Impairment of Intangible Assets 

Impairment of Goodwill 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Interest Expense 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Loss Before Income Tax Benefit 

Income Tax Benefit 

Net Loss 

Net Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests 

Net Loss Attributable to Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

Net Loss per Share (Basic) 

Net Loss per Share (Diluted) 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (Basic) 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (Diluted) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss 

 (in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net Loss 

Change in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): 

Change in Unrealized Gain on Marketable Securities 

Realized Losses on Marketable Securities Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 

Total Change in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total Comprehensive Net Loss 

Net Loss Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests 

Total Comprehensive Net Loss Attributable to Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity 

 (Unaudited) 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Non- Controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 

Issuance of Common Stock for Services 

Issuance of Common Stock for Vested Restricted Stock Units, Net of Shares Withheld for Taxes 

Share Based Compensation 

Realized Loss Reclassified from AOCI to Earnings, net change in Unrealized Loss 

Currency Translation Adjustment 

Net Loss 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Issuance of Common Stock for Services 

Issuance of Common Stock for Vested Restricted Stock Units, Net of Shares Withheld for Taxes 

Proceeds from Securities Purchase Agreement, Net 

Share Based Compensation 

Realized Loss Reclassified from AOCI to Earnings, net change in Unrealized Loss 

Currency Translation Adjustment 

Net Loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Issuance of Common Stock for Services 

Reclassification Related to Reverse Stock Split 

Share Based Compensation 

Realized Loss Reclassified from AOCI to Earnings, net change in Unrealized Loss 

Currency Translation Adjustment 

Net Loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

6 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity (Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Non- Controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Issuance of Common Stock for Vested Restricted Stock Units, Net of Shares Withheld for Taxes 

Fractional Shares Issued Upon Reverse Stock Split 

Share Based Compensation 

Realized Loss Reclassified from AOCI to Earnings, net change in Unrealized Loss 

Currency Translation Adjustment 

Net Loss 

Balance, March 31. 2023 

Issuance of Common Stock for Services 

Issuance of Common Stock for Vested Restricted Stock Units, Net of Shares Withheld for Taxes 

Proceeds From Warrant Exchange, net 

Share Based Compensation 

Realized Loss Reclassified from AOCI to Earnings, net change in Unrealized Loss 

Currency Translation Adjustment 

Net Loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Issuance of Common Stock for Services 

Issuance of Common Stock for Vested Restricted Stock Units, Net of Shares Withheld for Taxes 

Share Based Compensation 

Realized Loss Reclassified from AOCI to Earnings, net change in Unrealized Loss 

Currency Translation Adjustment 

Net Loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash Used in Operating Activities: 

Amortization of Film and Television Costs 

Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Equipment Intangible Assets 

Amortization of Right-of-Use Asset 

Amortization of Premium on Marketable Securities 

Share-Based Compensation Expense 

Impairment of Film and Television Costs 

Impairment of Intangible Assets 

Impairment of Goodwill 

Impairment of Property and Equipment 

Deferred Income Taxes 

Loss on Early Lease Termination 

Marketing Expenses in Exchange for Stock 

(Gain) Loss on Revaluation of Equity Investments in Your Family Entertainment AG 

Unrealized (Gain) Loss on Foreign Currency of Equity Investments in Your Family Entertainment AG 

Gain on Revaluation of Warrants 

Realized Loss on Marketable Securities 

Warrant Incentive Expense 

Stock Issued for Services 

Credit Loss Expense 

Other Non-Cash Items 

Decrease (Increase) in Operating Assets: 

Accounts Receivable 

Other Receivable 

Tax Credits Earned (less capitalized) 

Tax Credits Received 

Film and Television Costs, net 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 

Increase (Decrease) in Operating Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Salaries Wages 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued Production Costs 

Participations Payable 

Deferred Revenue 

Lease Liability 

Due to Related Party 

Other Liabilities 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Repayments from/(Loans to) Related Party for Note Receivables 

Proceeds from Principal Collections on Marketable Securities 

Proceeds from Sales and Maturities of Marketable Securities 

Purchase of Property Equipment 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Margin Loan 

Repayments of Margin Loan 

Proceeds from Production Facilities 

Repayment of Production Facilities 

(Repayments of )/Proceeds from Bank Indebtedness, net 

Proceeds from Securities Purchase Agreement 

Principal Payments on Finance Lease Obligations 

Debt Issuance Costs 

Shares Withheld for Taxes on Vested Restricted Shares 

Payment for Warrant Put Option Exercise 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Beginning Cash 

Ending Cash 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

Cash Paid for Interest 

Non-Cash Financing and Investing Activities 

Leased Assets Obtained in Exchange for New Finance Lease Liabilities 

Warrants Issued for Services 

Warrant Modification 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 September 30, 2024 

titles and half-hour episodes. 

Through the ownership of Wow,
the Company established an affiliate relationship with Mainframe Studios, which is one of the largest animation producers in the world.
In addition, Wow owns Frederator Networks Inc. Frederator ), the largest animation focused creator network on YouTube with
over channels. Frederator also owns Frederator Studios, focused on developing and producing shorts and series for and with partners.
Over the past 20 years, Frederator Studios has partnered with Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr., Netflix, Sony Pictures Animation
and Amazon. 

The Company has rights to
a select amount of valuable IP, including among them a controlling interest in Stan Lee Universe, LLC SLU ), through which
it controls the name, likeness, signature, and all consumer product and IP rights to Stan Lee (the Stan Lee Assets ). Known
by his signature phrase Excelsior! , Stan Lee is one of the most prolific and legendary creators of all time. As Marvel's
editor-in-chief, Stan "The Man" Lee helped build a universe of interlocking continuity, one where fans felt as if they could
turn a street corner and run into a superhero from Spider-Man to the Fantastic Four, Thor, Iron Man, the Hulk, the X-Men, and more. Stan
went on to become Marvel s editorial director and publisher in 1972 and was eventually named chairman emeritus. He was the co-creator
of characters appearing in 3 of the top 10 box office movies of all time, which featured Spider-Man, Iron Man, the Hulk, Thor, Guardians
of the Galaxy, Black Panther, and of course the Avengers, accounting for billions of dollars of revenue for Marvel and the Walt Disney
Company. 

The Company also owns The
Beacon Media Group, LLC Beacon Media and The Beacon Communications Group, Ltd. Beacon Communications (collectively,
 Beacon ), a North American marketing and media agency specializing in creating impactful connections between consumers and
brands across various industries. With a focus on in-depth research and analysis the agency equips brands with a deep understanding of
media landscapes, trends, and platform patterns across generations along with developing highly effective media strategies that deliver
results for clients. Beacon represents over kids and family clients including Bandai Namco, Moose Toys, Bazooka Candy Brands, Goliath
Games, Playmates Toys, Cepia LLC, Cra-Z-Art, and Zebra Pens. 

In addition, the Company owns
the Canadian company Ameba Inc. Ameba ), which distributes SVOD service for kids and has become a focal point of revenue
for TOON Media Networks subscription offering. 

Recent Transactions 

The Company announced the
initial closing of its registered direct offering of up to (the Offering on April 23, 2024. In the initial
closing, the Company sold shares of its common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), and pre-funded
warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock (the Pre-funded Warrants to an institutional investor (the "Investor"),
at per share of Common Stock and per Pre-funded Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately , prior to
deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, dated April 18, 2024 (the
 SPA ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Investor had the sole option to purchase up to an additional shares
of Common Stock and/or Pre-funded Warrants as part of the Offering, at per share of Common Stock and per Pre-Funded Warrant,
which has since expired. Additionally, the Company has warrants with a reprice option that was triggered by the registered direct
offering which reduced the exercise price from per share to per share. 

On June 21, 2024, the Company
announced the launch of Winnie-the-Pooh on the Kartoon Channel through a .0 million joint venture with Catalyst
Venture Partners (the JV ). The JV stipulates after Catalyst Venture Partners recoup their investment, the ownership and
profit split between the partners is to Kartoon Studios and to Catalyst Venture Partners. Winnie-the-Pooh is based
on the designs and stories of one of the most successful brands of all time, A.A. Milne s Winnie-the-Pooh, a property
that has generated over billion in sales over the last four decades and is estimated to currently generate - billion
per year. Catalyst Venture Partners will provide the full amount of the production finance with the plan to include an animated holiday
movie, five holiday specials and 4 seasons of episodic series. 

Liquidity, Going Concern, and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had cash of 4.6 million, which increased by 0.5 million as compared to December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily
due to cash provided by investing activities of 7.9 million, offset by cash used in financing activities of 6.4 million and cash used
for operating activities of 1.1 million. The cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to sales of marketable securities
of 8 .0 million. The cash used in financing activities was primarily due to repayments of the production facilities, finance lease obligations,
and bank indebtedness, net of proceeds from each, resulting in net cash used of .0 million, offset by net proceeds from the Offering
of 3.3 million and margin loan of million. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company held available-for-sale marketable securities with a fair value of million, a decrease of million as compared to
December 31, 2023 due to sales and maturities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The available-for-sale securities
consist principally of corporate and government debt securities and are also available as a source of liquidity. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company s margin loan balance was million and million, respectively. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company borrowed an additional million from its investment margin account and repaid million
primarily with cash received from sales and maturities of marketable securities. The borrowed amounts were primarily used for operational
costs. The interest rates for the borrowings fluctuate based on the Fed Funds Upper Target plus . The weighted average interest rates
were and , respectively, on average margin loan balances of .0 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, respectively. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company incurred interest expense on the margin loan of and million, respectively.
The Company incurred interest expense on the margin loan of and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and September 30, 2023, respectively. The investment margin account borrowings do not mature but are collateralized by the marketable
securities held by the same custodian and the custodian can issue a margin call at any time, effecting a payable on demand loan. Due
to the call option, the margin loan is recorded as a current liability on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company is subject to financial and customary affirmative and negative non-financial covenants on the revolving demand facility and equipment
lease agreements that have an aggregate total outstanding balance of million U.S. dollars USD or million
of Canadian dollars CAD ). 

During
March 2024, the Company amended the revolving demand facility, equipment lease line, and treasury risk management facility. As a result
of the amendment, the revolving demand facility allows for draws of up to million CAD million)
to be made by way of CAD prime rate loans, CAD overdrafts, USD base rate loans or letters of credit up to a maximum of in either
CAD or USD and having a term of up to year. The CAD prime borrowings and overdrafts bear interest at a rate equal to bank prime plus
 per annum. The USD base rate borrowings bear interest at a rate equal to bank base rate plus
 per annum. In addition, the equipment lease line was terminated, however, the Company has and
will continue to make the regular principal and interest payments under the specific financing terms of the existing equipment lease agreements.
The amendment removed the treasury risk management facility that allowed for advances of up to million CAD million).
As of the date of the amendment and December 31, 2023, there were outstanding amounts drawn under the treasury risk management facility.
The amendment also introduced revised financial covenants that are effective as of March 15, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 ,
the Company was not in compliance with a financial covenant to maintain a minimum liquidity threshold. Due to financial covenant violations
in the second quarter of 2024, the Company s remaining equipment lease agreements with the lender of million CAD
 million) as of September 30, 2024, are subject to early repayment. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the
lender and the Company agreed to a repayment plan for the equipment leases under the equipment lease line to be completed prior to the
end of the fourth quarter of 2024. On August 30, 2024, the Company paid million (CAD million)
to the lender as part of its early repayment plan for the existing equipment lease line agreements. Subsequent to September 30, 2024,
the Company paid million (CAD million) to the lender as part of its repayment plan
for the equipment lease line. The amendment and covenant violation did not have any impact on the Company s production facilities
that are separate from the revolving demand facility and are used for financing specific productions. 

In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC ), Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company
has evaluated whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern for at least one year after the date the condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. 

Historically,
the Company has incurred net losses. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company reported
net losses of 2.1 million and 15.5 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company
reported net losses of 15.1 million and 51.8 million, respectively. The Company reported net cash used in operating activities of 1.1 
million and net cash used in operating activities of 20.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023,
respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 733.5 million primarily due to approximately million
of expenses related to non-operational warrant and stock option expense recorded in 2020 and 2021, and total stockholders equity
of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had total current assets of 37.2 million, including cash of 4.6 million
and marketable securities of 4.1 million, and total current liabilities of million. The Company had working capital of million
as of September 30, 2024, compared to working capital of million as of December 31, 2023. Based on our current expected
level of operating expenditures and the cash and cash equivalents on hand at September 30, 2024, management concludes that there is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least 12 months subsequent to the issuance of the accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements. Historically, the Company has financed its operations primarily through revenue generated
from operations, loans and sales of its securities, and the Company expects to continue to seek and obtain additional capital in a similar
manner. The Company has filed a registration statement on Form S-3 on December 22, 2023, as amended, registering the sale of up to million
of the Company s securities pursuant to a shelf registration statement, and a registration statement on Form S-1 on September 27,
2024, as amended, in connection with a best efforts public offering of up to million of the Company s securities. However,
the Company does not have any committed sources of financing at this time, and it is uncertain whether any additional funding will be
available when it needs it on terms that will be acceptable to it, or at all. The Company s ability to sell securities registered
on its registration statement on From S-3 is limited until such time that the market value of its voting securities held by non-affiliates
is million or more. In addition, the number of shares of common stock and securities convertible or exercisable for common stock
that the Company can sell, under certain circumstances, will be limited by NYSE American rules and regulations. There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to raise funds by selling additional shares of common stock or other securities convertible into common
stock, the ownership interest of its existing shareholders will be diluted. The issuance of debt can result in restrictive covenants that
limit operations. If funding is not available or not available at terms acceptable to the Company, the Company will seek to reduce overhead
costs and reduce its weekly cash obligations in the short term as needed. In addition, the Company can look to divest or bring in equity
partners for our various divisions and bring in near term capital. 

million recorded within Other Current Liabilities on the
condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2023 , the FX contracts were fully
settled and netted to zero on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company recorded a realized gain
 of and , respectively, on FX forward contracts within
Production Services Revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2023, the Company recorded a realized loss of and , respectively, on FX forward contracts
within Production Services Revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

million and million, respectively. 

.0 million and million, respectively. 

The Company has a managed
account with a financial institution. The managed account maintains its investments in marketable securities of approximately million
and .0 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Assets in the managed account are protected
by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC up to 500,000 (with a limit of 250,000 for cash). In addition,
the financial institution provides additional excess of SIPC coverage which insures up to 1.0 billion. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have account balances held at this financial institution that exceed the insured
balances. 

The Company s investment
portfolio consists of investment-grade securities diversified among security types, industries and issuers. The Company s policy
limits the amount of credit exposure to any one security issue or issuer and the Company believes no significant concentration of credit
risk exists with respect to these investments. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company had four customers, whose total revenue exceeded 10 of the total consolidated revenue. These customers
accounted for of the total revenue. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company had three customers, whose total revenue exceeded 10 of the total consolidated revenue. These customers
accounted for of the total revenue. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had three customers whose total accounts receivable
exceeded 10 of the total accounts receivable. These customers accounted for of the total accounts receivable as of September 30,
2024. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2023, the Company had four customers whose total revenue exceeded 10 of the total consolidated revenue. These customers
accounted for of the total revenue. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, the Company had four customers, whose total revenue exceeded 10 of the total consolidated revenue. These customers
accounted for of the total revenue. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had three customers whose total accounts receivable
exceeded 10 of the total accounts receivable. These customers accounted for of the total accounts receivable as of September 30,
2023. 

There is significant financial
risk associated with a dependence upon a small number of customers. The Company periodically assesses the financial strength of these
customers and establishes allowances for any anticipated credit losses. 

U.S. agency and government sponsored securities 

U.S. states and municipalities 

Total 

Fair values were determined
for each individual security in the investment portfolio. The Company s marketable securities are considered to be available-for-sale
investments as defined under the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 320, Investments Debt and Equity
Securities . An allowance for credit loss was not recorded for the marketable securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023. Refer to Note 5 for additional details. 

original Stan Lee creations (the Stan Lee Assets ),
from which the Company plans to develop and license multiple properties each year. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, SLU generated a net loss of and , respectively. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, SLU generated a net loss of and , respectively. There were no contributions
or distributions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and there were no changes
in facts and circumstances that would result in a re-evaluation of the VIE assessment. 

shares
of YFE. At the time of the initial investment in 2021, it was determined that based on the Company s 
ownership in YFE, the Company had significant influence over the entity. Therefore, under the equity method of accounting, the
Company elected to account for the investment at fair value under the fair value option. Under the fair value option, the investment
is remeasured and recorded at fair value each reporting period, with the change recorded through earnings. As of September 30,
2024, the fair value of the investment was determined to be .0
million recorded within noncurrent assets on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. YFE shows a considerably
lower trading volume compared to industry standards, especially within the broader media and entertainment sector. Under ASC 820,
for an asset or liability to qualify as Level 1, it must have quoted prices in an active market. However, the standard also
addresses situations where trading volume is low. ASC 820-10-35-41 states that an active market is one in which transactions for the
asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. When trading
volume is low, determining whether the market is still active requires judgment. When considering the use of share price to value an
investment in YFE the company had to weigh the arguments for and against the application of Level 1 inputs under ASC 820. An asset
could remain in Level 1 if there are enough considerations to support that the market is accessible and reflects current pricing
information, despite low volume. While the low trading volume raises concerns regarding the reliability of using share price as a
Level 1 input under ASC 820, the company will closely monitor the trading volume and financial performance of the investee. This
ongoing oversight will help ensure that any updates to the investment's fair value reflect true market conditions as they evolve
over time, considering both the potential growth of the company and fluctuations in trading activity. 

The fair value as of September 30, 2024 decreased by net million,
as compared to December 31, 2023. The decrease is the effect of foreign currency remeasurement from EURO to USD resulting in a gain
of million and share price fluctuations resulting in a loss of million. The total change in fair value is recorded within Other
Income (Expense), net on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, the Company s ownership in YFE was . 

million as of September 30, 2024. The balances consisted
of the following securities (in thousands) : 

U.S. Agency and Government Sponsored Securities 

U.S. States and Municipalities 

Total 

The investments in marketable
securities as of December 31, 2023 had an adjusted cost basis of 12.8 million and a market value of .0 million. The balances
consisted of the following securities (in thousands) : 

Adjusted Cost 
 Unrealized Loss 
 Fair Value 
 
 Corporate Bonds 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Agency and Government Sponsored Securities 

U.S. States and Municipalities 

Total 

The Company holds AFS securities,
all of which were in an unrealized loss position and have been in an unrealized loss position for a period greater than months as of
September 30, 2024. The AFS securities held by the Company as of December 31, 2023 had also been in an unrealized loss position
for a period greater than months. The Company reported the net unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss),
a component of stockholders equity. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, an allowance for credit loss was
 t recognized as the issuers of the securities had not established a cause for default, various rating agencies had reaffirmed each security's
investment grade status and the Company did not have the intent, nor is it required to sell its securities prior to recovery. 

Realized losses of million
and million were recognized in earnings during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Realized
losses of 0.5 million and 4.2 million were recognized in earnings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30,
2023, respectively. The losses were due to selling securities prior to maturity to prevent further market condition losses on the securities. 

The contractual maturities
of the Company s marketable investments as of September 30, 2024 were as follows (in thousands): 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

Total 

The Company may sell certain
of its marketable debt securities prior to their stated maturities for reasons including, but not limited to, managing liquidity, credit
risk, duration and asset allocation. 

Computer Equipment 

Leasehold Improvements 

Software 

Property and Equipment, gross 

Less Accumulated Depreciation 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 

Property and Equipment, net 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded depreciation expense of million and million, respectively. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded depreciation expense of million and million,
respectively. 

The Company did t incur
any impairment charges on its property and equipment during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Due to a lease termination
effective August 1, 2023, million of property and equipment was written down to zero and recorded in loss on lease termination within
Other Income (Expense), net on the condensed consolidated statement of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2023. In addition, during the first quarter of 2023, due to changes in the Company's estimated undiscounted future cash flows, a reassessment
of its long-lived assets was performed. As a result, the carrying value of one of the Company's asset group s property and equipment
assets were written down to zero and an Impairment of Property and Equipment of million was recorded within Operating Expenses in
the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

Equipment Lease Assets 

Right-of-Use Assets, Gross 

Accumulated Amortization 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 

Leased Right-of-Use Assets, net 

As of September 30, 2024,
the weighted-average lease term for the Company s operating leases was months and the weighted-average discount rate was .
As of December 31, 2023, the weighted-average lease term for operating leases was months and the weighted-average discount rate
was . 

Operating lease costs during
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively, recorded within General
and Administrative Expenses on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. Operating lease costs during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively, recorded within General and Administrative
Expenses on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded right-of-use ROU amortization of million and .0 million,
respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded ROU amortization of million and
 million, respectively. ROU amortization is recorded within General and Administrative Expenses and accretion of interest expense
is recorded within Other Income (Expense), net on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

On August 2, 2023, Beacon
Media, signed a Termination of Lease Agreement (the Lease Termination ), effective August 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ),
related to the office space in Lyndhurst, NJ. The Lease Termination requires Beacon Media to pay an aggregate of million in
consideration for terminating the lease. The Company wrote off the ROU asset, lease liability, prepaid deposit and fixed assets on the
Effective Date. Including fees, the Company recorded a total loss on lease termination of million within Other Income (Expense),
net on the Company s condensed consolidated statement of operations during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Additions to Film and Television Costs 

Disposals 

Film Amortization Expense 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 

Film and Television Costs, net as of September 30, 2024 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded film amortization expense of and million, respectively. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of million and
 million, respectively. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded film and television impairment write-downs of million. The Company did t incur
any film and television impairment write-downs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Digital Networks 

Trade Names 

Intangible Assets, gross 

Less: Accumulated Amortization 

Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment 

Intangible Assets, net 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded intangible asset amortization expense of million for each reporting
period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded intangible asset amortization expense
of million and million, respectively. 

The Company did t incur
any impairment charges on its definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2024. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a total Impairment of Intangible Assets of .0 million within Operating Expenses in the
condensed consolidated statement of operations. The impairment charge consisted of a write-down of definite-lived intangible assets of
 million, net of million in accumulated depreciation, due to a decrease in an asset group s estimated undiscounted
cash flows. Furthermore, it was determined that the Frederator tradename, an indefinite-lived intangible asset, was impaired by million. 

Expected future amortization
of intangible assets subject to amortization as of September 30, 2024 is as follows (in thousands): 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

As of September 30, 2024, million of
the Company s intangible assets related to the acquired trade names from the Wow acquisition had indefinite lives and are not subject
to amortization. 

million and million, respectively.
The increase in deferred revenue is primarily related to the stage of progress of various productions as of September 30, 2024, compared
to the progress as of December 31, 2023. Wow's deferred revenue balance relates to cash received from customers for productions in
progress. Revenue is fully recognized upon production completion. Deferred revenue also includes both (i) variable fee contracts with
licensees and customers in which the Company collected advances and minimum guarantees against future royalties and (ii) fixed fee contracts.
The Company recognizes revenue related to these contracts when all revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

million from its investment margin account and repaid million primarily with
cash received from sales and maturities of marketable securities. The borrowed amounts were primarily used for operational costs. The
interest rates for the borrowings fluctuate based on the Fed Funds Upper Target plus . The weighted average interest rates were 
and , respectively, on average margin loan balances of .0 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, respectively. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company incurred interest expense on the margin loan of and million, respectively.
The Company incurred interest expense on the margin loan of and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
September 30, 2023, respectively. The investment margin account borrowings do not mature but are collateralized by the marketable securities
held by the same custodian and the custodian can issue a margin call at any time, effecting a payable on demand loan. Due to the call
option, the margin loan is recorded as a current liability on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

million (CAD million) and million (CAD million),
respectively, on the revolving demand facility by way of bank prime rate loan draws, included as Bank Indebtedness within current liabilities
on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

During
March 2024, the Company amended the revolving demand facility. As a result of the amendment, the revolving demand facility allows for
draws of up to million CAD .0 million) to be made by way of CAD prime rate loans,
CAD overdrafts, USD base rate loans or letters of credit up to a maximum of million in either
CAD or USD and having a term of up to year . The CAD prime borrowings and overdrafts bear interest
at a rate equal to bank prime plus per annum. The USD base rate borrowings bear interest at
a rate equal to bank base rate plus per annum. 

Treasury Risk Management Facility 

During March
2024, an amendment was entered into that removed the treasury risk management facility. As of the date of the amendment and December 31,
2023, there were outstanding amounts drawn under the treasury risk management facility. 

Production Facilities 

The
production facilities are used for financing specific productions. The Company s production facilities bear interest at rates ranging
from bank prime plus - per annum. The production facilities
are generally repayable on demand and are guaranteed and secured by the Company with no limitations for maximum potential future payments.
The security reflects substantially all of the Company's tangible and intangible assets including a combination of federal and provincial
tax credits, other government incentives, production service agreements and license agreements. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had an outstanding balance of 
million (CAD million), including million (CAD million)
of interest, and million (CAD million), including million (CAD million)
of interest, respectively, recorded as Production Facilities, net within current liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated
balance sheets. 

Equipment Lease Line 

During
March 2024, the equipment lease line was terminated, however, the Company continued to make the regular principal and interest payments
under the specific financing terms of the existing equipment lease agreements. Each existing transaction under the equipment lease line
has specific financing terms in respect of the leased equipment such as term, finance amount, rate, and payment terms. The finance rates
for these equipment leases range from to with remaining
lease terms of - months as of September 30, 2024 .

As
of September 30, 2024 , the outstanding balance of million (CAD million)
was included within current Finance Lease Liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Equipment Lease Facility 

The
Company also entered into an equipment lease agreement with a Canadian bank. This additional equipment lease facility allows the Company
to finance equipment purchases of up to .0 million CAD million) in total. Each transaction
under the equipment lease facility has specific financing terms in respect of the leased equipment such as term, finance amount, rate,
and payment terms. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company has leases remaining under this facility
with finance rates of to and remaining lease terms
of - months . 

As
of September 30, 2024 , the outstanding balance of million (CAD million)
was included within current and noncurrent Finance Lease Liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Loan Covenants, Violations
and Waiver 

The
Company is subject to financial and customary affirmative and negative non-financial covenants on the revolving demand facility and equipment
lease agreements that have an aggregate total outstanding balance of million (CAD million).

The Company
has continued to make its regular principal and interest payments in a timely basis since the effective borrowing date. 

The
revolving demand facility and the equipment lease line can be called at any time by the lender as per the original and amended terms of
the facilities. As of September 30, 2024, t he Company was not in compliance with a financial
covenant to maintain a minimum liquidity threshold. Due to financial covenant violations in the second quarter of 2024, the Company s
remaining equipment lease agreements with the lender of million (CAD million) as of September 30,
2024, are subject to early repayment. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 ,
the lender and the Company reached an agreement in principle for a repayment plan for the equipment leases under the equipment lease line.
On August 30, 2024, the Company paid million CAD million) to the lender as part
of its early repayment plan for the existing equipment lease line agreements. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company paid
 million (CAD million) to the lender as part of its repayment plan for the equipment
lease line. The Company expects to enter into a written agreement with the lender prior to the end of the fourth quarter of 2024 to amend
the revolving demand facility and equipment lease line. 

. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were and shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. 

Preferred Stock 

The Company has 
shares of preferred stock authorized with a par value of per share. The board of directors is authorized, subject to any limitations
prescribed by law, without further vote or action by the Company s stockholders, to issue from time-to-time shares of preferred
stock in one or more series. Each series of preferred stock will have such number of shares, designations, preferences, voting powers,
qualifications and special or relative rights or privileges as shall be determined by the board of directors, which may include, among
others, dividend rights, voting rights, liquidation preferences, conversion rights and preemptive rights. 

In connection with the Company s
acquisition of Wow, certain eligible Canadian stockholders, noteholders and optionholders of Wow elected to receive the Exchangeable Shares
in the capital of the Wow Exchange Co. Inc. ExchangeCo instead of shares of the Company s common stock to which
they were otherwise entitled. 

The shares of ExchangeCo were
exchangeable into shares of the Company s common stock in accordance with their terms. Holders of the ExchangeCo shares were entitled
to defined voting rights (the Voting Rights in the Company pursuant to a voting and exchange trust agreement (the Voting
Agreement dated April 6, 2022 among the Company, ExchangeCo, 1329258 B.C. Ltd. CallCo and Computershare Trust
Company of Canada (the Voting Trustee ). The Voting Trustee holds a single share of Series B Preferred Stock in the capital
of the Company (the Special Voting Share ), which granted the Voting Trustee that number of votes at the meetings of the
Company s stockholders as is equal to the number of shares of the Company s common stock that at such time have not been delivered
pursuant to the tender of ExchangeCo shares. The Voting Trustee was required to exercise each vote attached to the Special Voting Share
only as directed by the relevant holder of the underlying Company shares of common stock and, in the absence of any instructions, would
not exercise voting rights with respect to the applicable shares. On August 16, 2024, CallCo acquired the balance of the remaining exchangeable
shares of ExchangeCo in consideration for shares in the Company s common stock. Accordingly, the shares of ExchangeCo are no longer
held by the public and therefore, (i) the Voting Agreement automatically terminated, and (ii) there are no longer Voting Rights in respect
of the shares of ExchangeCo or the Special Voting Share. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there was share of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Treasury Stock 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and shares of common stock with a cost of and , respectively, were withheld
to cover taxes owed by certain employees, all of which were included as treasury stock outstanding and recorded at cost within Treasury
Stock on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

shares of common stock, which
does not include shares that the Company may issue related to acquisitions. On May 23, 2024, the Board of Directors approved the maximum
number of shares available for issuance up to an aggregate of shares from shares of common stock in the initial 2020
Plan. The 2020 Plan replaced the previously adopted 2015 Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan that had a total number of authorized
shares of , however the remaining outstanding shares granted under the 2015 Plan, as of September 30, 2024, remain
to be governed under such plan. All expired or terminated shares granted under the 2015 Plan, that have not been vested or exercised,
reverts to and again becomes available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company granted options to purchase and options, respectively. The options
to purchase common stock had a weighted-average grant date fair market value of . 

The fair value of the options
granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were calculated using the Black-Scholes Merton BSM option
pricing model based on the following assumptions: 

Dividend Yield 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life of options 
 years 

The following table summarizes
the Company s option activity: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Unvested at September 30, 2024 

Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2024 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, upon termination of certain employees, the Company accelerated the vesting of any unvested options held by the
employees pursuant to their employment agreements. This resulted in options becoming immediately vested on the separation date
and million in expense recognized by the Company. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized and million, respectively, in share-based compensation
expense related to stock options. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized 
million and million, respectively, in share-based compensation expense related to stock options. Share-based compensation expense
is included in General and Administrative Expense on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. The unrecognized
share-based compensation expense at September 30, 2024 was which will be recognized through the second quarter of 2025 assuming
the underlying grants are not cancelled or forfeited. The outstanding shares as of September 30, 2024 had an aggregated intrinsic
value of zero . 

and fully vested RSUs to the Company s board members, employees, and consultants, with a fair market value of million
and million, respectively. 

An aggregate of shares
of common stock were issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of RSUs vested during the current and prior
periods. 

The following table summarizes
the Company s RSU activity: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2024 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in share-based compensation
expense related to RSUs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and
 million, respectively, in share-based compensation expense related to RSU awards included in General and Administrative Expenses
on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. The unvested share-based compensation as of September 30,
2024 was million which will be recognized through the fourth quarter of 2026 assuming the underlying grants are not cancelled or
forfeited. The total fair value of shares vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeitures 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at December 31, 2023 

As of September 30, 2024,
 derivative warrants classified as a liability as issued with convertible notes in 2020 to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock remained outstanding and are revalued each reporting period. As of September 30, 2024, the warrants were revalued at
approximately , resulting in a million decrease in the liability as compared to December 31, 2023. The change in value was
recorded as a Gain on Revaluation of Warrants within Other Income (Expense), net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations
and within the Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash Used in Operating Activities on the condensed consolidated statements of
cash flows. 

The Company has 
warrants as of December 31, 2023 with a reprice option that was triggered by the registered direct offering which reduced the exercise
price from per share to per share. The reduction in exercise price reduced the Weighted-Average Exercise Price per Share from
 before the reprice to after the reprice. 

The fair value of the outstanding
derivative warrants was determined by using the Black-Scholes Merton option pricing model based on the following assumptions as of September 30,
2024: 

Exercise Price 

Dividend Yield 

Volatility 

Risk-free Interest Rate 

Expected Life of Warrants 
 years 

Warrant Incentive Expense (b) 

Gain on Revaluation of Warrants (c) 

Gain (Loss) on Revaluation of Equity Investment in YFE (d) 

Realized Loss on Marketable Securities Investments (e) 

Gain (Loss) on Foreign Exchange (f) 

Interest Income (g) 

Loss on Early Lease Termination (h) 

Finance Lease Interest Expense (i) 

Other (j) 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

(a) 
 Interest Expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of million and million, respectively, primarily due to interest incurred on production facilities and bank indebtedness. 

(b) 
 There was warrant incentive expense in 2024. 

(c) 
 The Gain on Revaluation of Warrants during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily related to the changes in fair value of the remaining outstanding warrant classified as a liability due to decreases in market price. 

(d) 
 As accounted for using the fair value option, the loss on the YFE investment revaluation during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, excluding the impact of foreign currency recorded separately, is a result of a decrease in YFE s stock price as of September 30, 2024. 

(e) 
 The Realized Loss on Marketable Securities Investments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflects the loss that will not be recovered from the investments due to selling securities prior to maturity. 

(f) 
 The Gain on Foreign Exchange during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to the revaluation of the YFE investment, resulting in a gain of million and million, respectively due to the EURO fluctuation to USD as compared to the prior reporting period. The remaining balance is related to remeasurements of transactions made in foreign currencies that are outstanding as of the condensed consolidated balance sheet date. 

(g) 
 Interest Income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of interest income, net of premium amortization expense, recorded for the investments in marketable securities. 

(h) 
 There was no gain or loss on lease termination in 2024. 

(i) 
 The Finance Lease Interest Expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represents the interest portion of the finance lease obligations for equipment purchased under an equipment lease line. 

(j) 
 Other during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily related to late fees from select clients on a payment plan. 

Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

(a) 
 Interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted of million and million of interest incurred on the margin loan, respectively, and million and million, respectively, of interest incurred on production facilities loans and bank indebtedness. 

(b) 
 The Warrant Incentive Expense is related to the million fair value of Exchange Warrants that were issued during the three months ended June 30, 2023 to certain existing warrant holders in exchange for previously issued outstanding warrants. 

(c) 
 The gain on warrant revaluation during the three months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily related to the million change in fair value as of the end of the current reporting period of the Exchange Warrants and SEG Warrants compared to the fair value as of the end of the prior reporting period due to a decrease in market price. The gain on warrant revaluation during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily related to the million change in fair value as of the end of the current reporting period of the Exchange Warrants and SEG Warrants compared to the fair value as of the issuance date due to a decrease in market price. 

(d) 
 As accounted for using the fair value option, the gain or loss on the YFE investment revaluation, excluding the impact of foreign currency recorded separately, is a result of the increases or decreases in YFE s stock price as of the current reporting period when compared to the prior reporting period. 

(e) 
 The net realized loss on marketable securities reflects the loss that will not be recovered from the investments due to selling securities and issuers' prepayments of principals on certain mortgage-backed securities. 

(f) 
 The loss on foreign currency exchange during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily related to the EURO weakening against the USD when compared to the prior reporting period. 

(g) 
 Interest Income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted of interest income of million and million, net of premium amortization expense, recorded for the investments in marketable securities, respectively. 

(h) 
 The loss on early termination of lease is due to early termination of the Lyndhurst, NJ office lease, effective August 1, 2023. The loss includes fees of million and the write-down of assets and liabilities resulting in net, million of loss. 

(i) 
 The finance lease interest expense represents the interest portion of the finance lease obligations for equipment purchased under an equipment lease line. 

(j) 
 Other during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily related to late fees from select clients on a payment plan. 

activities during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2024 that affected the Deferred Tax Liability, net, balance. 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. and
its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries are subject to U.S. income taxes and file a consolidated tax return in the U.S. The Beacon Communications
Group, Ltd., Ameba Inc. and WOW Unlimited Media Inc. are subject to Canadian income taxes on a stand-alone basis and file separate tax
returns in Canada. 

The Company files income tax
returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in the states of California, Florida, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, as well as Canada.
To the extent allowed by law, the taxing authorities may have the right to examine prior periods where net operating losses were generated
and carried forward to make adjustments up to the amount of the net operating losses. The Company is currently subject to U.S. federal,
state and local and foreign tax examinations by tax authorities. The Company is no longer subject to audits by U.S. federal, state, local
or foreign authorities for years prior to 2019. 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. and
its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries are subject to U.S. income taxes and file a consolidated tax return in the U.S. The Beacon Communications
Group, Ltd., Ameba Inc. and WOW Unlimited Media Inc. are subject to Canadian income taxes on a stand-alone basis and file separate tax
returns in Canada. 

Finance Leases 

Employment Contracts 

Consulting Contracts 

Debt 

Contractual obligation 

The present value discount
of the minimum operating lease payments above was million which when deducted from the cash commitments for the leases included in
the table above, equates to the operating lease liabilities of .0 million recorded as of September 30, 2024 on the Company s
condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Other Funding Commitments 

The Company enters into various
agreements associated with its individual properties. Some of these agreements call for the potential future payment of royalties or profit 
participations for either (i) the use of third party intellectual property, in which the Company is obligated to share net profits with
the underlying rights holders on a certain basis as defined in the respective agreements, or (ii) services rendered by animation studios,
post-production studios, writers, directors, musicians or other creative talent for which the Company is obligated to share with these
service providers a portion of the net profits of the properties on which they have rendered services, as defined in each respective agreement. 

per one-half
hour episode for each episode he provides services as an executive producer . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
Mr. Heyward did t earn any executive producer fees. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Mr. Heyward earned and was
paid million in executive producer fees. Mr. Heyward also earned his quarterly bonus during each of the quarters in 2024
and 2023. 

On August 25, 2022, Mr. Heyward s
employment agreement was amended to include assignment of music royalties to Mr. Heyward for all musical compositions in which he provides
services as a composer for or on behalf of the Company, in the event that the Company acquires up to of the writer's share of the
royalties for that musical composition. If the Company acquires more than of the writer's share of the royalties on musical compositions
Mr. Heyward provided services for, he has the option to purchase the additional royalties from the Company at the price the Company paid
to acquire the additional royalties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, Mr. Heyward has t earned
royalties from musical compositions. 

On February 27, 2023, Mr.
Heyward s employment agreement was further amended to provide him a creative producer fee of per quarter, prorated for
the first quarter of 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Mr. Heyward earned and was paid million in creative
producer fees. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Mr. Heyward earned and was paid million during each of the quarters. 

On July 21, 2020, the Company
entered into a merchandising and licensing agreement with Andy Heyward Animation Art AHAA ), whose principal is Andy Heyward.
The Company entered into a customary merchandise license agreement with AHAA for the use of characters and logos related to Warren Buffett s
 Secret Millionaires Club and Stan Lee s Mighty 7 in connection with certain products to be sold by AHAA. The terms
and conditions of such license are customary within the industry, and the Company earns an arm s-length industry standard royalty
on all sales made by AHAA utilizing the licensed content. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, Mr.
Heyward has t earned royalties from this agreement. 

On July 19, 2022, the Company
entered into a Shareholder Loan Agreement with YFE in the amount of million (EURO million), accruing interest at the fixed annualized
rate of , with successive interest periods of three months due on the last day of each calendar quarter. The principal plus interest
must be repaid by no later than June 30, 2026. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million,
respectively, is included within Notes and Accounts Receivable from Related Party on the Company s condensed consolidated balance
sheets. 

During 2022, the Company entered
into a sublease agreement with a related party to lease one office in the general office space at 190 N. Canon Drive, Suite 400, Beverly
Hills, CA 90210. The monthly sublease payments were for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023
and recorded within Other Income (Expense), net in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

During the quarter ended September 30,
2024, the Company entered into a one year consulting agreement with a related party for office
space interior design services. The agreement is subject to an initial fee of and a monthly fee of that commenced on September
1, 2024. The interior design service fees are recorded within General and Administrative expenses in the Company's condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

Media Advisory Advertising Services 

Total Revenues 

Net Loss: 

Content Production Distribution 

Media Advisory Advertising Services 

Total Net Loss Attributable to Kartoon Studio, Inc. 

Geographic Information 

The following table provides
information about disaggregated revenue by geographic area (in thousands): 

Canada 

United Kingdom 

Other 

Total Revenues 

million and incurred a realized loss of million . 

As of November 14, 2024,
there were no additional subsequent events to report. 

29 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
and analysis of our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction with
our financial statements and related notes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 .
Certain statements made or incorporated by reference in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ), in our press releases and in statements made by or with the approval of authorized personnel constitute forward
looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Forward-looking statements reflect intent,
belief, current expectations, estimates or projections about, among other things, our industry, management s beliefs, and future
events and financial trends affecting us. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 believes, seeks, estimates, may, will and variations of these words
or similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward looking statements. Although
we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements are not guarantees of future performance
and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our actual results could differ
materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. These differences can
arise as a result of the risks described in the section entitled Risk Factors below in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(the Form 10-Q and in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on April 9, 2024 (the 2023 Annual Report ), and elsewhere in this
report, as well as other factors that may affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Forward-looking statements
in this report speak only as of the date hereof, and forward-looking statements in documents incorporated by reference speak only as of
the date of those documents. Unless otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks and uncertainties, we cannot assure
you that the forward-looking statements contained in this report will, in fact, transpire. References to we , us , our ,
and the Company refer to Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

Overview 

Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to provide readers of our condensed
consolidated financial statements with the perspectives of management. This should allow the readers of this report to obtain a comprehensive
understanding of our businesses, strategies, current trends, and future prospects. It should be noted that the MD A contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Our Business 

Our Content Distribution business
is focused on achieving scale across our networks, including Kartoon Channel! , Frederator, Ameba, and Kartoon Channel! Worldwide.
Revenue growth will be driven by the continued focus on licensed content and exploitation of our current content such as Stan Lee, Shaq's
Garage , Rainbow Rangers and many more. Continued profit growth will be realized the more we can scale the business across our
platforms. In addition, we are looking at artificial intelligence AI tools to reduce the cost of operating distribution
expenses such as dubbing expenses, video resolution upscaling and converting between 2D and 3D. 

Our Production Services business
is focused on creating high-quality original and for hire content in the most efficient way possible. To achieve this, our Mainframe Studios
division, the main driver of this business, is exploring more ways to improve operations by adopting a more flexible and efficient approach.
This includes collaborating with outsource partners and utilizing AI technology to streamline processes and drive efficiencies within
the organization. 

30 

Our Licensing Royalties
business has the most upside and potential for the Company. We are looking to take advantage of our incredible set of Stan Lee assets
to drive consumer products - both digitally and physically. We will be focused on utilizing all of our IP assets further in 2024 and beyond. 

Our Media Advisory Advertising
Services business is focused on driving deal flow opportunities and winning annuity business through retainers and projects. The team
continues to focus on the toy business, but also expansion into tangential industries such as family and travel. The team has expanded
their reach recently by leveraging their relationships with influencers to promote products and provide bespoke marketing initiatives
for the clients. 

Results of Operations 

Our summary results for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are below: 

Revenue 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Production Services 
 4,898 
 6,360 
 (1,462 
 (23) 
 
 Content Distribution 
 2,348 
 2,562 
 (214 
 (8) 
 
 Licensing Royalties 
 37 
 153 
 (116 
 (76) 
 
 Media Advisory Advertising Services 
 1,425 
 997 
 428 
 43 
 
 Total Revenue 
 8,708 
 10,072 
 (1,364 
 (14) 

Production Services revenue
was generated specifically by Wow providing animation production services. Revenue for production services is recognized over time on
a percentage of completion basis, therefore, as the projects are still in progress, we recognize revenue based upon the proportion of
costs incurred cumulatively to total expected costs. Consequently, less revenue is recognized during the periods in which the projects
are near completion or completed. Revenue for Wow production services for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 23 lower
than the Wow production services revenue recognized during three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a lower volume
of active service production projects in the current period versus the prior year period. 

Revenue related to Content
Distribution on advertisement supported video on demand AVOD and subscription video on demand SVOD ), including
advertising sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 8 as compared to the three months ended September 30,
2023. This was primarily due to a decrease in Frederator s creator network revenue of 0.2 million from YouTube due to reduced advertising
spending and a decline in revenue per mille RPM advertising rates. 

Revenue related to Licensing
 Royalties for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 76 as compared to the three months ended September 30,
2023 primarily due to higher royalties earned in the prior year for owned IP and music royalties. 

Revenue generated by Media
Advisory Advertising services for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 43 as compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher net renewal activity and media purchases from clients. 

31 

Expenses 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Marketing and Sales 
 290 
 522 
 (232 
 (44) 
 
 Direct Operating Costs 
 5,766 
 13,475 
 (7,709 
 (57) 
 
 General and Administrative 
 5,199 
 8,679 
 (3,480 
 (40) 
 
 Total Expenses 
 11,255 
 22,676 
 (11,421 
 (50) 

The decrease in Marketing
and Sales expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was
primarily due to a decrease of 0.3 million in marketing expenses associated with company brand development. 

Direct Operating Costs during
the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of salaries and related expenses for the animation production services
employees of Wow and Frederator. Channel expenses, licensing and production of content costs, such as participation expenses related to
profit sharing obligations with various animation studios, post-production studios, writers, directors, musicians or other creative talent
that had rendered services and amortization, including any write-downs of film and television costs, make up the remainder of Direct Operating
Costs. The decrease was primarily due to 6.3 million of film cost impairments and write-down of development projects for the three months
ended September 30, 2023, a 1.1 million reduction in salary costs, net of tax credits, from a decline in headcount as a result of
lower volumes of service production projects for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period of the prior
year, and a reduction of 0.2 million in participation estimates related to Wow owned IP. 

The decrease in General and
Administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023
was primarily due to a decrease in expenses of 1.9 million related to cost saving initiatives, a decrease of 0.6 million in litigation
expenses mainly due to a litigation insurance provision recognized in the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.4
million in annual shareholder meeting expenses of holding the annual shareholder meeting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024
as opposed to earlier in the prior year, and lower depreciation expense of 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30,
2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we reassessed our nonfinancial assets, including our definite-lived intangible assets, our indefinite-lived intangible
assets and our remaining goodwill for impairment. As a result, we concluded that impairment charges to those assets were required. We
concluded that there were no indications or triggering events that would further impair the assets during the three months ended September 30,
2024. 

Our summary results for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are below: 

Revenue 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Production Services 
 12,756 
 23,279 
 (10,523 
 (45) 
 
 Content Distribution 
 7,002 
 8,815 
 (1,813 
 (21) 
 
 Licensing Royalties 
 235 
 362 
 (127 
 (35) 
 
 Media Advisory Advertising Services 
 3,177 
 2,820 
 357 
 13 
 
 Total Revenue 
 23,170 
 35,276 
 (12,106 
 (34) 

32 

Production Services revenue
was generated specifically by Wow providing animation production services. Revenue for production services is recognized over time on
a percentage of completion basis, therefore, as the projects are still in progress, we recognize revenue based upon the proportion of
costs incurred cumulatively to total expected costs. Consequently, less revenue is recognized during the periods in which the projects
are near completion or completed. Revenue for Wow production services for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 45 lower
than the Wow production services revenue recognized during nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a lower volume of
active service production projects in the current period versus the prior year period. 

Revenue related to Content
Distribution on AVOD and SVOD, including advertising sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased by 21 as compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to a decrease in Frederator s creator network revenue of
 1.7 million from YouTube due to reduced advertising spending and a decline in RPM advertising rates. 

Revenue related to Licensing
 Royalties for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 35 as compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2023 primarily due to higher royalties earned in the prior year for music royalties. 

Revenue generated by Media
Advisory Advertising services for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 13 as compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher net renewal activity, client fees, and media purchases from clients. 

Expenses 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

(in thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Marketing and Sales 
 1,026 
 2,457 
 (1,431 
 (58) 
 
 Direct Operating Costs 
 15,936 
 34,301 
 (18,365 
 (54) 
 
 General and Administrative 
 19,710 
 26,274 
 (6,564 
 (25) 
 
 Impairment of Property and Equipment 
 
 120 
 (120 

Impairment of Intangible Assets 
 
 4,023 
 (4,023 

Impairment of Goodwill 
 
 11,287 
 (11,287 

Total Expenses 
 36,672 
 78,462 
 (41,790 
 (53) 

The decrease in Marketing
and Sales expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was
primarily due to expenses incurred for stock issued for services of 1.3 million related to our Shaq s Garage series that was not
incurred during the current nine months ended September 30, 2024, and a decrease of 0.3 million in marketing expenses associated
with company brand development 

Direct Operating Costs during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of salaries and related expenses for the animation production services
employees of Wow and Frederator. Channel expenses, licensing and production of content costs, such as participation expenses related to
profit sharing obligations with various animation studios, post-production studios, writers, directors, musicians or other creative talent
that had rendered services and amortization, including any write-downs of film and television costs, make up the remainder of Direct Operating
Costs. The decrease of 54 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a 11.5 million reduction
in salary costs, net of tax credits, as a result in a reduction in headcount due to a lower volume of service production projects for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period of the prior year, and 6.5 million of film cost impairments
and write-down of development projects for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

33 

The decrease in General and
Administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023
was primarily due to a decrease of 2.0 million as a result of decreased use in equipment rentals and software licenses, a decrease of
 1.5 million in share-based compensation expense, a decrease of 1.5 million in payroll related expenses, a decrease of 0.9 million in
depreciation related to equipment leases that had ended prior to the current period, and a decrease of 0.6 million in general administrative
expenses related to additional cost saving initiatives. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, we reassessed our nonfinancial assets, including our definite-lived intangible assets, our indefinite-lived intangible
assets and our remaining goodwill for impairment. As a result, we concluded that impairment charges to those assets were required. We
concluded that there were no indications or triggering events that would further impair the assets during the nine months ended September 30,
2024. 

Other Expense, net 

Components of Other Expense, net are summarized
as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Interest Expense (a) 
 (176 
 (672 
 (625 
 (2,777 

Warrant Incentive Expense (b) 

(12,664 
 
 Gain on Revaluation of Warrants (c) 
 3 
 2,797 
 63 
 8,999 
 
 Gain (Loss) on Revaluation of Equity Investment in YFE (d) 
 (461 
 (2,325 
 (1,342 
 1,102 
 
 Realized Loss on Marketable Securities Investments (e) 
 (148 
 (1,897 
 (505 
 (4,154 
 
 Gain (Loss) on Foreign Exchange (f) 
 999 
 (637 
 19 
 (282 
 
 Interest Income (g) 
 40 
 95 
 135 
 563 
 
 Loss on Early Lease Termination (h) 
 
 (232 
 
 (232 
 
 Finance Lease Interest Expense (i) 
 (20 
 (48 
 (74 
 (152 
 
 Other (j) 
 189 
 11 
 723 
 37 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 602 
 (2,236 
 (981 
 (6,783 

Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

(a) 
 Interest Expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of 0.2 million and 0.6 million, respectively, primarily due to interest incurred on production facilities and bank indebtedness. 

(b) 
 There was no warrant incentive expense in 2024. 

(c) 
 The Gain on Revaluation of Warrants during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily related to the changes in fair value of the remaining outstanding warrant classified as a liability due to decreases in market price. 

(d) 
 As accounted for using the fair value option, the loss on the YFE investment revaluation during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, excluding the impact of foreign currency recorded separately, is a result of a decrease in YFE s stock price as of September 30, 2024. 

(e) 
 The Realized Loss on Marketable Securities Investments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflects the loss that will not be recovered from the investments due to selling securities prior to maturity. 

34 

(f) 
 The Gain on Foreign Exchange during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to the revaluation of the YFE investment, resulting in a gain of 0.8 million and 0.2 million, respectively due to the EURO fluctuation to USD as compared to the prior reporting period. The remaining balance is related to remeasurements of transactions made in foreign currencies that are outstanding as of the condensed consolidated balance sheet date. 

(g) 
 Interest Income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of interest income, net of premium amortization expense, recorded for the investments in marketable securities. 

(h) 
 There was no gain or loss on lease termination in 2024. 

(i) 
 The Finance Lease Interest Expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represents the interest portion of the finance lease obligations for equipment purchased under an equipment lease line. 

(j) 
 Other during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily related to late fees from select clients on a payment plan. 

Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

(a) 
 Interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted of 0.2 million and 1.5 million of interest incurred on the margin loan, respectively, and 0.5 million and 1.3 million, respectively, of interest incurred on production facilities loans and bank indebtedness. 

(b) 
 The Warrant Incentive Expense is related to the 12.7 million fair value of Exchange Warrants that were issued during the three months ended June 30, 2023 to certain existing warrant holders in exchange for previously issued outstanding warrants. 

(c) 
 The gain on warrant revaluation during the three months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily related to the 2.7 million change in fair value as of the end of the current reporting period of the Exchange Warrants and SEG Warrants compared to the fair value as of the end of the prior reporting period due to a decrease in market price. The gain on warrant revaluation during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily related to the 8.8 million change in fair value as of the end of the current reporting period of the Exchange Warrants and SEG Warrants compared to the fair value as of the issuance date due to a decrease in market price. 

(d) 
 As accounted for using the fair value option, the gain or loss on the YFE investment revaluation, excluding the impact of foreign currency recorded separately, is a result of the increases or decreases in YFE s stock price as of the current reporting period when compared to the prior reporting period. 

(e) 
 The net realized loss on marketable securities reflects the loss that will not be recovered from the investments due to selling securities and issuers' prepayments of principals on certain mortgage-backed securities. 

(f) 
 The loss on foreign currency exchange during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily related to the EURO weakening against the USD when compared to the prior reporting period. 

(g) 
 Interest Income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted of interest income of 0.1 million and 0.4 million, net of premium amortization expense, recorded for the investments in marketable securities, respectively. 

(h) 
 The loss on early termination of lease is due to early termination of the Lyndhurst, NJ office lease, effective August 1, 2023. The loss includes fees of 0.1 million and the write-down of assets and liabilities resulting in net, 0.1 million of loss. 

(i) 
 The finance lease interest expense represents the interest portion of the finance lease obligations for equipment purchased under an equipment lease line. 

(j) 
 Other during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily related to late fees from select clients on a payment plan. 

Liquidity, Going Concern, and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had cash of 4.6 million, which increased by 0.5 million as compared to December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to
cash provided by investing activities of 7.9 million, offset by cash used in financing activities of 6.4 million and cash used for operating
activities of 1.1 million. The cash used in financing activities was primarily due to repayments of the production facilities, finance
lease obligations, and bank indebtedness, net of proceeds from each, resulting in net cash used of 10.0 million, offset by net proceeds
from the Offering of 3.3 million and margin loan of 0.3 million. The cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to sales
of marketable securities of 8.0 million. 

35 

As of September 30, 2024,
we held available-for-sale marketable securities with a fair value of 4.1 million, a decrease of 7.9 million as compared to December 31,
2023 due to sales and maturities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The available-for-sale securities consist principally
of corporate and government debt securities and are also available as a source of liquidity. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, our margin loan balance was 1.1 million and 0.8 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, we borrowed an additional 9.1 million from our investment margin account and repaid 8.8 million primarily with cash
received from sales and maturities of marketable securities. The borrowed amounts were primarily used for operational costs. The interest
rates for the borrowings fluctuate based on the Fed Funds Upper Target plus 0.60 . The weighted average interest rates were 0.71 and
0.98 , respectively, on average margin loan balances of 7.5 million and 27.4 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, respectively. 

For three months ended September
30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we incurred interest expense on the loan of 11,070 and 0.2 million, respectively. We incurred interest
expense on the margin loan of 42,131 and 1.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively.
The investment margin account borrowings do not mature but are collateralized by the marketable securities held by the same custodian
and the custodian can issue a margin call at any time, effecting a payable on demand loan. Due to the call option, the margin loan is
recorded as a current liability on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

We
are subject to financial and customary affirmative and negative non-financial covenants on the revolving demand facility and equipment
lease agreements that have an aggregate total outstanding balance of 1.2 million CAD 1.6 million).

During
March 2024, we amended the revolving demand facility, equipment lease line, and treasury risk management facility. As a result of the
amendment, the revolving demand facility allows for draws of up to 0.7 million CAD 1.0 million)
to be made by way of CAD prime rate loans, CAD overdrafts, USD base rate loans or letters of credit up to a maximum of 200,000 in either
CAD or USD and having a term of up to 1 year. The CAD prime borrowings and overdrafts bear interest at a rate equal to bank prime plus
 2.00 per annum. The USD base rate borrowings bear interest at a rate equal to bank base rate plus
 2.00 per annum. In addition, the equipment lease line was terminated, however, we have and will
continue to make the regular principal and interest payments under the specific financing terms of the existing equipment lease agreements.
The amendment removed the treasury risk management facility that allowed for advances of up to 0.4 million (CAD
0.5 million). As of the date of amendment and December 31, 2023, there were no outstanding amounts drawn under the treasury risk
management facility. The amendment also introduced revised financial covenants that are effective as of March 15, 2024. As of September 30,
2024 , we are not in compliance with a financial covenant to maintain a minimum liquidity threshold. Due
to financial covenant violations in the second quarter of 2024, our remaining equipment lease agreements with the lender of 0.6 million
(CAD 0.8 million) are subject to early repayment. During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
the lender agreed to a repayment plan for the equipment leases under the equipment lease line to be completed prior to the end of the
fourth quarter of 2024. On August 30, 2024, we paid 0.1 million (CAD 0.1 million) to the
lender as part of our repayment plan for the existing equipment lease line agreements. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, we paid
 0.3 million (CAD 0.4 million) to the lender as part of our repayment plan for the equipment
lease line. The amendment and covenant violation did not have any impact on our production facilities that are separate from the revolving
demand facility and are used for financing specific productions. 

36 

Working Capital 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had total current assets of 37.2 million, including cash of 4.6 million and marketable securities of 4.1 million, and our total
current liabilities were 33.7 million. We had working capital of 3.5 million as of September 30, 2024 as compared to working capital
of 11.5 million as of December 31, 2023. The decrease of 8.0 million was primarily due to sales of marketable securities of 8.0
million, a decrease in accounts receivable and tax credits receivable of 14.0 million, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable
of 4.8 million and a decrease in production facilities and bank indebtedness of 8.9 million. During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, we met our immediate cash requirements through existing cash balances and through the sale of marketable securities. Additionally,
we used equity and equity-linked instruments to pay for services and compensation. Based on our current expected
level of operating expenditures and the cash and cash equivalents on hand at September 30, 2024, management concludes that there is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least 12 months subsequent to the issuance of the accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements. Historically, the Company has financed its operations primarily through revenue generated
from operations, loans and sales of its securities, and the Company expects to continue to seek and obtain additional capital in a similar
manner. The Company has filed a registration statement on Form S-3 on December 22, 2023, as amended, registering the sale of up to 75 million
of the Company s securities pursuant to a shelf registration statement, and a registration statement on Form S-1 on September 27,
2024, as amended, in connection with a best efforts public offering of up to 8 million of the Company s securities. However,
the Company does not have any committed sources of financing at this time, and it is uncertain whether any additional funding will be
available when it needs it on terms that will be acceptable to it, or at all. The Company s ability to sell securities registered
on its registration statement on From S-3 is limited until such time that the market value of its voting securities held by non-affiliates
is 75 million or more. In addition, the number of shares of common stock and securities convertible or exercisable for common stock that
the Company can sell, under certain circumstances, will be limited by NYSE American rules and regulations. There can be no assurance that
the Company will be able to raise funds by selling additional shares of common stock or other securities convertible into common stock,
the ownership interest of its existing shareholders will be diluted. The issuance of debt can result in restrictive covenants that limit
operations. If funding is not available or not available at terms acceptable to the Company, the Company will seek to reduce overhead
costs and reduce its weekly cash obligations in the short term as needed. In addition, the Company can look to divest or bring in equity
partners for our various divisions and bring in near term capital. 

Comparison of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2024 and September 30, 2023 

Our total cash as of September 30,
2024 and September 30, 2023 was 4.6 million and 3.9 million, respectively. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

(in thousands) 
 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (1,127 
 (20,168 
 19,041 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 
 7,902 
 69,418 
 (61,516 
 
 Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 (6,444 
 (52,829 
 46,385 
 
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 
 155 
 34 
 121 
 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 
 486 
 (3,545 
 4,031 

37 

Net Non-cash Expenses 

Items necessary to reconcile
from net loss to cash used in operating activities included net non-cash expenses of 5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 as compared to net non-cash expenses of 37.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net decrease of 31.7
million in non-cash expenses was primarily due to the absence of the recognition of 21.6 million in impairment expenses of film and television
costs, long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, a decrease in warrant incentive expense of 12.7 million, a decrease of realized
losses from marketable securities of 3.6 million, and a decrease in share-based compensation of 1.5 million. The decreases were partially
offset by the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reconciling non-cash items of 8.9 million related to gains from revaluations
of warrants. 

Change in Operating Activities 

The net change in operating
asset and liability activities provided by operating activities of 8.1 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to the net change
in operating asset and liability activities used by operating activities of 6.0 million as of September 30, 2023 was primarily due
to an increase in net receipts of tax credits during the current year of 7.4 million as credits were received for production completed
in the prior year, a decrease in deferred revenue of 8.0 million, an increase in accounts receivable, net of 2.6 million and a 2.9
million increase in accounts payable due to timing. 

Change in Investing Activities 

The decrease in cash provided
by investing activities of 61.5 million was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from the sales and maturities of marketable securities
of 60.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of selling less marketable securities during the current
period. 

Change in Financing Activities 

The decrease in cash used
in financing activities of 46.4 million was primarily due to a decrease in repayments of our margin loan of 67.4 million, partially
offset by less proceeds drawn from the margin loan and production facilities of 13.2 million, higher repayments during the current period,
compared to proceeds from bank indebtedness during the prior year period, resulting in a net increase of cash used in financing of 2.8
million, and higher repayments of production facilities in the current year of 3.7 million. 

Material Cash Requirements 

We have entered into arrangements
that contractually obligate us to make payments that will affect our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. Our material cash requirements
from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our debt and lease obligations and our employment and consulting contracts.
The aggregate amount of future minimum purchase obligations under these agreements over the period of next five years is approximately
 25.3 million as of September 30, 2024, of which 5.0 million could be owed within one year. Included in the amount that could be
due within one year is the margin loan current balance of 1.1 million and revolving demand facility current balance of 0.6 million. 

We plan to utilize our liquidity
(as described above) to fund our material cash requirements. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had 1.1 million in commitments for capital expenditures, related to equipment leases. 

38 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP and our discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and operating results require our management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that
affect the amounts reported. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such differences may be material. 

Note 2, Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part
II, Item 8 of our 2023 Annual Report, and Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Part II, Item 7 of the 2023 Annual
Report describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting
company, as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms
and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

We carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) Exchange Act.
Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered
by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e), were not effective at the reasonable assurance level
due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which were disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report. Our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has also concluded that as of December 31, 2023, March 31, 2024, and
June 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e), were not effective at the reasonable assurance level
due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which were disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report. 

Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As disclosed in Item 9A, Controls
and Procedures of our 2023 Annual Report, our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting: 

Inadequate design of user access provisioning/deprovisioning controls and inadequate segregation of
duties on certain controls or processes; 

Lack of specialized experts related to income tax areas; and 

Inappropriate application of accounting standards related to warrant modifications 

39 

Notwithstanding the identified
material weaknesses, our management believes the unaudited condensed financial statements included in this Form 10-Q fairly present, in
all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in accordance
with GAAP. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weakness 

We continue to be committed
to maintaining a strong internal control environment. In response to the identified material weaknesses, management has taken comprehensive
actions to strengthen its internal controls and has been and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies
contributing to the material weakness are remediated. 

Our plans for remediation
include, but are not limited to, the efforts summarized below, which have been or are in the process of being implemented: 

Enhanced procedures for formal documented review and approval of journal entries; 

Reorganized the accounting team members to ensure proper segregation of duties; 

Implemented core financial reporting and financial close software systems; 

Performed risk assessment procedures and improved the documentation of internal processes and controls; 

Improved documentation over complex financial transactions; 

Implemented additional procedures over assessment of cybersecurity and information technology general
controls; 

Increase the extent of oversight and verification checks included in operation of user access controls
and processes; and 

Continue to enhance review over financial reporting, financial operations, internal controls including
segregation of duties; as well as improve tax analysis and fair value estimates. 

We will not be able to conclude
whether these efforts will fully remediate the material weakness until the updated process has operated for a sufficient period of time
and management has concluded, through testing, that such controls are operating effectively. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than the remediation
efforts described above, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Inherent Limitations over Internal Controls 

Internal control over financial
reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations, including
the possibility of human error and circumvention by collusion or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control
system may not prevent or detect material misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

40 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

As of September 30, 2024,
there were no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject other than
as described below. 

Securities Litigation. As previously disclosed,
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued an opinion earlier this year affirming in part and reversing in part the District
Court s prior dismissal of the securities litigation. The case was remanded to the District Court for further proceedings. In early
June 2024, the District Court directed Defendants to file a renewed motion to dismiss focused on the matters that remain in the case.
Consistent with that order, Defendants filed their renewed motion on July 29, 2024, and it is fully briefed. The District Court took
the motion under submission on the briefs, and the parties are now awaiting the District Court s decision. 

As previously disclosed,
the Company, its Chief Executive Officer Andy Heyward, and its former Chief Financial Officer Robert Denton were named as defendants
in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California and styled In re Genius
Brands International, Inc. Securities Litigation , Master File No. 2:20-cv-07457 DSF (RAOx). Lead plaintiffs alleged generally that
the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act by issuing allegedly
false or misleading statements about the Company, initially over an alleged class period running from March into early July 2020. Plaintiffs
sought unspecified damages on behalf of the alleged class of persons who invested in the Company s common stock during the alleged
class period. Defendants moved to dismiss lead plaintiffs amended complaint; and in a decision issued on August 30, 2021, the
Court dismissed the amended complaint but granted lead plaintiffs a further opportunity to plead a claim. 

In September 2021, lead plaintiffs
filed a second amended complaint, naming the same defendants. The new complaint alleged again that the Company made numerous 
depending on how one counted, more than two dozen -- false or misleading statements about the Company s business and business prospects,
this time over an expanded alleged class period that extended into March 2021; they again alleged that these misstatements violated Section
10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Lead plaintiffs again sought unspecified damages on behalf of an alleged class of persons who invested
in the Company s common stock during the expanded alleged class period. In November 2021, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss
the second amended complaint. On July 15, 2022, the Court issued a decision dismissing the second amended complaint in its entirety and
with prejudice. On August 12, 2022, lead plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
After a full briefing of the appeal, a panel of the Court of Appeals held oral argument on the appeal on November 6, 2023, and took the
matter under submission. 

On April 5, 2024, the Appellate
Court issued its opinion, affirming in part and reversing in part the decision of the District Court. The Appellate Court affirmed the
dismissal of certain claims pertaining to Company statements where it found that Plaintiffs failed to adequately plead a 10(b) cause of
action but reversed the lower court s dismissal of claims related to four of the Company s alleged misstatements, finding
that, in three of those instances, the Plaintiffs adequately pleaded loss causation, and in one instance adequately alleged a misleading
statement. The Court of Appeals did not address other elements of any claims based on these four complained-of statements, noting that
the District Court should address those issues on remand. The matter was remanded to the District Court in May 2024. By order entered
June 4, 2024, the Court directed the defendants to file a renewed motion to dismiss on a schedule to be proposed by the parties. As noted,
Defendants filed that motion on July 29, 2024. Under an agreed, and court-ordered, briefing schedule, briefing of the motion extended
into October 2024, and the District Court took the motion under submission without a hearing. The parties are awaiting the District Court s
decision. The Company cannot predict the timing or outcome of the renewed motion to dismiss Plaintiffs remaining claims based on
the four remaining alleged misstatements, or the outcome of the case more generally. 

41 

Shareholder Derivative Actions.
Since the Company s last quarterly report, there have been no developments in the shareholder derivative actions involving the
Company. Related to the securities class action, the Company s directors (other than Dr. Cynthia Turner-Graham, Michael Hirsh,
and Stefan Piech), together with Messrs. Heyward and Denton and former director Michael Klein, have been named as defendants in several
putative stockholder derivative lawsuits. As previously disclosed, these include a consolidated proceeding pending in the U.S. District
Court for the Central District of California and styled In re Genius Brands Stockholder Derivative Litigation , Case No. 2:20-cv-08277
DSF (RAOx); an action filed in the Los Angeles County Superior Court captioned Ly, etc. v. Heyward, et al. , Case No. 20STCV44611;
and an additional case pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada, styled Miceli, etc. v. Heyward, et al. ,
Case No. 3:21-cv-00132-MMD-WGC. While the allegations and legal claims vary somewhat among the derivative actions, they all generally
allege that the defendants breached fiduciary duties owed to the Company. The plaintiffs, all alleged stockholders of the Company, purport
to sue on behalf and for the benefit of the Company. Accordingly, the derivative plaintiffs seek no recovery from the Company. Instead,
as a stockholder derivative action, the Company is named as a nominal defendant. Pursuant to agreements among the parties, the courts
in all of the derivative lawsuits have stayed proceedings pending the outcome of the securities litigation. As the Company cannot predict
the outcome of the securities litigation, it is likewise unable to predict the outcome of the shareholder derivative lawsuits. 

Section 16(b) Litigation.
As previously disclosed, the Company is also a nominal defendant in an action filed on January 11, 2022, in the U.S. District Court for
the Southern District of New York and styled Todd Augenbaum v. Anson Investments Master Fund LP, et al. , Case No. 1:22-cv-00249
AS. The action, which again purports to be brought on behalf and for the benefit of the Company, seeks the recovery under Section 16(b)
of the Exchange Act of supposed short-swing profits allegedly realized by roughly a dozen persons and entities that participated as investors
in certain of the Company s private placements of securities in 2020. Plaintiff Augenbaum, who purports to be a Company stockholder,
filed his lawsuit after issuing a demand to the Company s Board of Directors asking that the Company sue the investor defendants.
The Company rejected the demand in late December 2021, and Mr. Augenbaum sued a few weeks later, as Section 16(b) permits him to do. No
Company officer or director is among the defendants. The defendant investors filed motions to dismiss the action. After full briefing,
the court, by order entered March 30, 2023, granted the motion to dismiss with leave to amend. Plaintiff subsequently filed his First
Amended Complaint on May 1, 2023. Defendants moved to dismiss again. After a full briefing and oral argument, the Court (with a new judge
now sitting) denied the motion to dismiss by order entered on January 24, 2024. The parties then engaged in extensive fact discovery,
which closed in October 2024. The parties are now proceeding with expert discovery, and dispositive motions are expected to be filed before
year-end. The Court has not set a trial date. As noted, Plaintiff seeks no relief from the Company; indeed, he seeks monetary relief for
the Company. In any event, the Company cannot predict the outcome of the case. 

In connection with the Augenbaum
lawsuit, two of the investor groups named as defendants (the demanding defendants have made a demand on the Company for
indemnification pursuant to terms of an indemnity provision of the securities purchase agreements under which they invested in the Company.
The Company believes the indemnity provision to be inapplicable and has rejected the demands. The Company and the demanding defendants
have entered into standstill agreements and the parties have agreed to defer resolution of the indemnification matter pending resolution
of the underlying litigation. In addition, the Company s placement agent for the offerings at issue, Special Equities Group SEG ),
was subpoenaed by Mr. Augenbaum. Pursuant to its placement-agent agreement with the Company, which covers a relationship broader than
the offerings at issue, SEG demanded indemnification from the Company for its legal fees to comply with that subpoena. While reserving
its rights, the Company believes that SEG has an indemnity claim under the governing placement agent agreement that likely has more merit
than the demanding defendants demands. The Company cannot predict whether other parties may issue indemnification demands, or the
outcome of any future proceedings that might arise concerning the such demands. 

Demand Letter. The Company
received a demand letter from Dawson James Securities Dawson on or about April 22, 2024, alleging it was owed commissions
and fees arising from the Company s offering of securities announced on April 18, 2024. The Company disputes Dawson s asserted
entitlement to commissions and fees. 

42 

In all of the above-mentioned
active proceedings, the Company has denied and continues to deny any wrongdoing and intends to defend the claims vigorously. The Company
maintains a program of directors and officers liability insurance that, subject to the insurers reservations of rights,
has offset a portion of the costs of defending the securities class action litigation, and that the Company expects will afford coverage
for some costs of the other shareholder litigation should any of those cases proceed. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We have incurred net losses since inception. 

We have a history of operating
losses and incurred net losses in each fiscal quarter since our inception. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated
total revenues of 23.2 million and incurred a net loss of 15.0 million, while for the same period the previous year, we generated total
revenue of 35.3 million and incurred a net loss of 51.7 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we generated total
revenues of 44.1 million and incurred a net loss of 77.1 million, while for the previous year, we generated net revenue of 62.3 million
and incurred a net loss of 45.6 million. These losses, among other things, have had an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
condition, stockholders equity, net current assets and working capital. 

We will need to generate
additional revenue and/or reduce costs to achieve profitability. We are generating revenues derived from our existing properties, properties
in production, and new brands being introduced into the marketplace. However, the ability to sustain these revenues and generate significant
additional revenues and reduce our expenses or achieve profitability will depend upon numerous factors some of which are outside of our
control. 

T here is uncertainty
regarding our ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to operate our business effectively, which raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

Based on our
current expected level of operating expenditures and the cash and cash equivalents on hand at September 30, 2024, management concludes
that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least 12 months subsequent to the
issuance of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Historically, we have financed its operations
primarily through revenue generated from operations, loans and sales of our securities, and we expect to continue to seek and obtain
additional capital in a similar manner. We have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 on December 22,
2023, as amended, registering the sale of up to 75 million of the Company s securities pursuant to a shelf registration statement,
and a registration statement on Form S-1 on September 27, 2024, as amended, in connection with a best efforts public offering of up to
 8 million of the Company s securities. However, we do not have any committed sources of financing at this time, and it
is uncertain whether additional funding will be available when we need it on terms that will be acceptable to us, or at all. Our
ability sell securities registered on our registration statement on Form S-3 is limited until such time the market value of our
voting securities held by non-affiliates is 75 million or more. In addition, the number of shares of common
stock and securities convertible or exercisable for common stock that we can sell, under certain circumstances, will be limited by the
NYSE American rules and regulations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to raise funds through the sale
of shares of common stock or issuance of debt. If we raise funds by selling additional shares of common stock or other securities convertible
into common stock, the ownership interest of its existing stockholders will be diluted. The issuance of debt can result in restrictive
covenants that limit operations. If funding is not available or not available at terms acceptable to us,
we will seek to reduce overhead costs and reduce its weekly cash obligations in the short term as needed. In addition, we can
look to divest or bring in equity partners for our various divisions and bring in near term capital. No adjustments have been made to
the presented condensed consolidated financial statements as a result of this uncertainty. 

43 

We have incurred indebtedness that could
adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we and our subsidiaries have production loan facility obligations of approximately 8.7 million and advances outstanding of 0.6 million
under our senior secured revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, we and our subsidiaries have production loan facility obligations
of approximately 15.3 million and advances outstanding of 2.9 million under our senior secured revolving credit facility. We also had
an outstanding margin loan of 0.8 million secured by our marketable investment securities as of December 31, 2023. The facilities are
guaranteed by us and the security reflects substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets including a combination of federal
and provincial tax credits, other government incentives, production service agreements and license agreements. The facilities and the
margin loan are generally repayable on demand and are subject to customary default provisions, representations and warranties and other
terms and conditions. 

Our level of debt could have
adverse consequences on our business, such as making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our other debt;
limiting our ability to refinance such indebtedness or to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions or other general corporate requirements; requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service
payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions
and other general corporate purposes; increasing our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse developments in our business; exposing
us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at fixed long term rates and or variable rates of interest;
limiting our flexibility in planning for, and reducing our flexibility in reacting to, changes in the conditions of the financial markets
and our industry; placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors; increasing our cost of borrowing;
and restricting the way in which we conduct our business because of financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing our
existing and future indebtedness and exposing us to potential events of default (if not cured or waived) under covenants contained in
our debt instruments. 

We are currently in default under financial
covenants under our revolving demand facility. 

We were not in compliance
with a financial covenant under the revolving demand facility as of September 30, 2024. Due to financial
covenant violations in the second quarter of 2024, the Company s remaining equipment lease agreements with the lender of 0.6
million (CAD 0.8 million) as of September 30, 2024, are subject
to early repayment. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , the lender and the Company
agreed to a repayment plan for the equipment leases under the equipment lease line to be completed prior to the end of the fourth quarter
of 2024. On August 30, 2024, the Company paid 0.1 million CAD 0.1 million) to the lender
as part of its early repayment plan for the existing equipment lease line agreements. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company
paid 0.3 million (CAD 0.4 million) to the lender as part of its repayment plan for the
equipment lease line. The amendment and covenant violations did not have any impact on the Company s production facilities
that are separate from the revolving demand facility and are used for financing specific productions. 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If our stockholders sell substantial
amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule 144, or shares issued
upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang 
and, in anticipation of which, the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have
occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related
securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. In general, under Rule 144, a non-affiliated person
who has held restricted shares of our common stock for a period of six months may sell into the market all of their shares, subject to
us being current in our periodic reports filed with the SEC. 

As of September 30, 2024,
approximately 37,303,946 shares of common stock are outstanding and unrestricted, out of the 39,555,161 shares of common stock issued,
meaning they exclude shares held by insiders and can be freely traded on the open market. As of September 30, 2024, there were 6,926,952
warrants outstanding. Lastly, as of September 30, 2024, there are 953,640 shares of common stock underlying outstanding options granted,
2,385,247 shares, including vested and unvested, of common stock underlying outstanding restricted stock units RSUs and
1,832,734 shares reserved for issuance under our Kartoon Studios, Inc. 2020 Incentive Plan. 

44 

To date, our revenues have come from a limited
number of customers, making us dependent on those few customers. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had four customers, whose total revenue exceeded 10 of the total condensed consolidated revenue. These customers
accounted for 77.2 of the total revenue. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, we had three customers, whose total revenue exceeded 10 of the total condensed consolidated revenue. These
customers accounted for 60.2 of the total revenue. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had three customers whose total accounts
receivable exceeded 10 of the total accounts receivable. These customers accounted for 59.4 of the total accounts receivable as of
September 30, 2024. 

The loss
of, or a significant reduction of business from, any of our primary customers will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operation unless we are able to replace such customers with other primary customers. 

We have identified material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to remediate the material weaknesses or any other material weaknesses that
we identify in the future could result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting
are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. Annually, we perform activities that include reviewing,
documenting and testing our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal
control over financial reporting, we will not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal
control environment, we could suffer misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet our reporting obligations, which would
likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. This could result in significant expenses to remediate
any internal control deficiencies and lead to a decline in our stock price. 

We have identified material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We cannot provide assurance
that we have identified all, or that we will not in the future have additional, material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. As a result, we may be required to implement further remedial measures and to design enhanced processes and controls to address
deficiencies. If we do not effectively remediate the material weaknesses identified by management and maintain adequate internal controls
over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to prepare reliable financial reports and comply with our reporting obligations
under the Exchange Act on a timely basis. Any such delays in the preparation of financial reports and the filing of our periodic reports
may result in a loss of public confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect
our business, the market value of our common stock and our access to capital markets. 

45 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

(a) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

We did not sell any equity securities during the quarter
ended September 30, 2024 in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act other than as previously disclosed in our
filings with the SEC. 

(b) Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable. 

(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

During the quarter ended September 30,
2024, none of the Company s directors or officers , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

46 

Item 6. Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Change to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on February 9, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023) 
 
 3.3 
 Bylaws of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 19, 2019) 
 
 3.4 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the 0 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on November 21, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2019) 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022) 
 
 3.6 
 Articles of Merger of Kartoon Studios, Inc. into the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2023). 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company, dated September 25, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on September 25, 2023) 
 
 3.8 
 First Amendment to the Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 25, 2023) 
 
 3.9 
 Certificate of Change to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on November 9, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2023) 
 
 31.1 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL and included in exhibit 101). 
 
 __________ 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Kartoon Studios, Inc. 

November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Andy Heyward 

Andy Heyward 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 14, 2024 
 
 /s/ Brian Parisi 

Brian Parisi 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kartoon_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Andy Heyward, certify that: 

1. 
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Kartoon Studios, Inc.; 

2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Andy Heyward 

Andy Heyward 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kartoon_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Brian Parisi, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Kartoon Studios, Inc.; 

2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Brian Parisi 

Brian Parisi 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kartoon_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Andy Heyward, Chief Executive Officer of Kartoon Studios, Inc., (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 

(1) 
 the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 14, 2024 
 
 By 
 s 
 Andy Heyward 

Andy Heyward 

 Chief Executive
 Officer 

 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kartoon_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brian Parisi, Chief Financial Officer of Kartoon Studios, Inc.,
(the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Brian Parisi 

Brian Parisi 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 toon-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 toon-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 toon-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 toon-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

