<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1842718_0001842718-24-000111.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7558844</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104497</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1405682</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2565730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1772484</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1565099</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001842718-24-000111.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112161709
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001842718-24-000111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEGRAL AD SCIENCE HOLDING CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842718
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				830731995
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40557
		FILM NUMBER:		241448456

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		#1950
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 278-4871

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		#1950
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTEGRAL AD SCIENCE HOLDING LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KAVACHA TOPCO, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210127

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001842718-24-000111.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ias-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ias-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (Nasdaq Global Select Market) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 On November 7, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page No. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income L oss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures A bout Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sale s of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 39 
 Signatures 
 40 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 INTEGRAL AD SCIENCE HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Unbilled receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Internal use software, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax asset, net Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liability Due to related party Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Deferred tax liability, net Long-term debt, net Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) par value, shares authorized at September 30, 2024; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

INTEGRAL AD SCIENCE HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below) Sales and marketing Technology and development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net ) ) Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) before income taxes ) (Provision) benefit for income taxes ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share - basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 

See notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

INTEGRAL AD SCIENCE HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Common Stock (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARES) Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Balance, June 30, 2024 ) RSUs and MSUs vested ESPP purchase Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment Net income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Common Stock (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARES) Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Balance, December 31, 2023 ) RSUs and MSUs vested Option exercises ESPP purchase Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net income Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) 

See notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

INTEGRAL AD SCIENCE HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARES) Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) Total stockholders equity Balance, June 30, 2023 ) RSUs and MSUs vested Option exercises ESPP purchase Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARES) Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) Total stockholders equity Balance, December 31, 2022 ) RSUs and MSUs vested Option exercises ESPP purchase Stock-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Adoption of ASC 326, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 

See notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

INTEGRAL AD SCIENCE HOLDING CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (IN THOUSANDS) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Foreign currency (gain) loss, net ) Deferred tax benefit ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Allowance for credit losses Impairment of assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in accounts receivable ) ) Increase in unbilled receivables ) ) (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets ) (Increase) decrease in operating leases, net ) Increase in other long-term assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities ) Increase in deferred revenue Decrease in due to/from related party ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Development of internal use software and other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the Revolver Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Cash received from Employee Stock Purchase Program Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, at end of period Supplemental Disclosures: Net cash paid during the period for: Interest Taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Property and equipment acquired included in accounts payable Internal use software acquired included in accounts payable Lease liabilities arising from right of use assets 
 
 See notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

INTEGRAL AD SCIENCE HOLDING CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 
 (UNAUDITED) 

1. 

2. 

During the first quarter of 2024, the Company identified an immaterial error in its previously issued unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2023, six months ended June 30, 2023 and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Specifically, lease liabilities arising from right of use assets within the non-cash investing and financing supplemental disclosure included all leases rather than leases arising during the noted period. As a result, the nine months ended September 30, 2023 disclosure within the Statement of Cash Flows was revised from million to million. These revisions did not impact any other amounts presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

(c) 

(d) 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, foreign exchange (gain) loss, net consists of unrealized foreign exchange gains of and losses of , respectively, and realized transaction losses of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, foreign exchange (gain) loss, net consists of unrealized foreign exchange gains of and losses of , respectively, and realized transaction losses of and , respectively. 
 
 (e) 

The Company generated interest income of and during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash (held in other long-term assets) Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 9 

Additional provision Receivables written off and impact of exchange rates ) ) Adoption of ASC 326 ) Balance, end of period 
 (g) 

10 

- - Expected volatility ) - - Expected term (in years) - - Risk-free interest rate ) - - Dividend yield 

3. 
 
 - years Computer software - years Leasehold improvements Various Furniture years Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 and , respectively. Depreciation expense of property and equipment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 11 

4. 
 
 - years Less: asset impairments ) ) Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total internal use software, net 
 
 Amortization expense related to internal use software for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Amortization expense related to internal use software for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company wrote-off of costs related to projects that were no longer being implemented, which the Company recorded in general and administrative expenses within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

5. 
 
 - years ) years Developed technology years ) years Trademarks - years ) years Total ) December 31, 2023 Estimated useful life Gross book value Accumulated amortization Net book value Weighted average remaining useful life Customer relationships - years ) years Developed technology years ) years Trademarks - years ) years Favorable leases years ) years Total ) 
 
 and , respectively. Amortization expense related to intangibles for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company wrote-off of fully amortized favorable lease assets and the corresponding accumulated amortization. 

6. 
 
 Impact of exchange rates Goodwill as of September 30, 2024 

12 

7. 
 
 Accrued payroll Accrued professional fees Accrued bonuses and commissions Accrued revenue sharing Taxes payable Accrued hosting fees Other accrued expenses Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 Uncertain tax positions Total other long-term liabilities 

8. 
 
 in commitments for revolving credit loans (the Revolver ), which amount may be increased or decreased under specific circumstances, with a letter of credit sublimit and a alternative currency sublimit. In addition, the Credit Agreement provides for the ability to request incremental term loan facilities, in a minimum amount of for each facility. Borrowings pursuant to the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including for acquisitions permitted under the Credit Agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid down on the Revolver. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are scheduled to mature on September 29, 2026. The Credit Agreement contains certain customary events of default including failure to make payments when due thereunder, and failure to observe or perform certain covenants. In connection with the entry into the Revolver, the Company incurred costs of that are included in Long-term debt, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The interest rates for the Revolver under the Credit Agreement (i) for U.S. dollar loans are equal to the applicable rate for base rate loans ranging from to per annum, (ii) for Term SOFR Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) ranging from to per annum, (iii) for RFR Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) denominated in sterling ranging from to , and (iv) for RFR Loans denominated in euro range from to , in each case, based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Base rate borrowings may only be made in dollars. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee during the term of the Credit Agreement ranging from to per annum of the average daily undrawn portion of the revolving commitments based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio. The interest rate on September 30, 2024 was . 
 
 Any borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be repaid, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time without premium or penalty other than customary breakage costs, and any amounts repaid may be reborrowed. No mandatory prepayments will be required other than when borrowings and letter of credit usage exceed the aggregate commitment of all lenders. 
 
 13 

to 1.00 or lower and maintaining a minimum Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of to 1.00. 
 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total carrying amount 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was in both periods. Amortization of debt issuance costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was in both periods. Amortization of debt issuance costs is recorded to interest expense, net on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 The Company recognized interest expense of and during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recognized interest expense of and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 

9. 
 
 and , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The Company's effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is lower than for the respective three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to non-deductible stock-based compensation, tax credits and other permanent tax differences and discrete items. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an income tax provision of and income tax benefit of , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The Company's effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is lower than the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to non-deductible executive compensation, tax credits and other permanent tax differences and discrete items. 
 
 14 

10. 
 
 operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA Asia and Pacific Rim APAC Total revenue 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue in the U.S. was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue in the U.S. was and , respectively. 

EMEA APAC Total long-lived assets 

11. 
 
 Sales and marketing Technology and development General and administrative Total 
 15 

2021 Plan Total Time-Based Options expense years Return-Target Options 2018 Plan ) 2021 Plan Total Return-Target Options expense ) years LTIP expense (2018 Plan) Other equity awards under 2021 Plan Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") years Market Stock Units ("MSUs") years Other equity awards under 2021 Plan expense Employee Stock Purchase Plan "ESPP" Total Stock-Based Compensation expense 
 
 Integral Ad Science Holding Corp. Amended and Restated 2018 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 
 
 On August 1, 2018, the Company adopted the 2018 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 2018 Plan ). Under the 2018 Plan, the Company issued (i) Time-Based Options that vest over with vesting after and an additional vesting at the end of each successive quarter thereafter; and (ii) Return-Target Options that were to vest upon the first to occur of sale of the Company, or, sale or transfer to any third party of shares, as a result of which, any person or group other than Vista, obtains possession of voting power to elect a majority of the Board or any other governing body and the achievement of a total equity return multiple of or greater. 
 
 The 2018 Plan contained a provision wherein, the Time-Based Options could be repurchased by the Company at cost upon resignation of the employee. Due to this repurchase feature, the Time-Based Options did not provide the employee with the potential benefits associated with a stock award holder, and therefore, these awards were not accounted for as a stock-based award under ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation but instead, compensation cost was recognized when the benefit to the employee was determined to be probable. 
 
 The Return-Target Options were considered to contain both market (total stockholder return threshold) and performance (exit event) conditions. As such, the award was measured on the date of grant. Since the conditions for vesting related to the Return-Target Options were not met prior to the IPO, no stock-based compensation was recognized in the pre-IPO financial statements of the Company. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, with the filing of a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, the market condition and the implied performance condition relating to the Return-Target Options were deemed to be probable, and was recognized in that period. 
 
 In connection with the IPO, the 2018 Plan was amended and restated (the Amended and Restated 2018 Plan with the following modifications: (i) the provision to repurchase the Time-Based Options at cost upon resignation of the employee was removed and (ii) the Return-Target Options were modified to include vesting upon a sale of shares by Vista following the IPO resulting in Vista realizing a cash return on its investment in the Company equaling or exceeding billion. 
 
 16 

billion. 
 
 Vesting of the Time-Based Options accelerates when the Return-Target Options vest and therefore, recognition of the remaining unamortized stock compensation expense related to the Time-Based Options will accelerate when the Return-Target Options vest. 
 
 The total number of Time-Based Options and Return-Target Options outstanding under the Amended and Restated 2018 Plan as of September 30, 2024 were and , respectively. The Company does not expect to issue any additional awards under the Amended and Restated 2018 Plan. 
 
 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 2021 Plan 
 
 On June 29, 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Plan to incentivize execu tive officers, management, employees, consultants and directors of the Company and to align the interests of the participants with those of the Company s share holders. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan. The total number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan is increased on January 1 of each of the first calendar years during the term of the 2021 Plan, by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on each December 31 st immediately prior to the date of increase or (ii) such number of shares of common stock determined by our Board or compensation committee. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were total options outstanding under the 2021 Plan, consisting of Time-Based Options and Return-Target Options. The vesting conditions for the options issued under the 2021 Plan are identical to those described under the Amended and Restated 2018 Plan. 
 
 Canceled or forfeited Exercised ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 

Return-Target Options 
 Stock options Weighted average exercise price Weighted average remaining contractual life (years) Aggregate intrinsic value Outstanding at December 31, 2023 Canceled or forfeited Exercised Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 

17 

each year and become fully vested after of service. RSUs under the 2021 Plan granted during or after May 2022 vest at the end of each successive quarter and become fully vested after of service. 
 
 Granted Canceled or forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 

Market Stock Units ("MSUs") 
 
 The Company granted MSUs under the 2021 Plan to certain executive officers. MSUs vest over , on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and at the end of each quarter thereafter. The number of MSUs eligible to vest is based on the performance of the Company's common stock over each applicable vesting period. The number of shares eligible to vest is calculated based on a payout factor. The payout factor is calculated by dividing (i) the average closing price of the Company's stock during the trading days immediately preceding the applicable vesting date by (ii) the closing price of the Company's stock on the vesting commencement date. The payout factor is if such quotient is less than and is capped at . Such quotient is then multiplied by the target number of MSUs granted to the relevant officer to determine the number of shares to be issued to the officer at vesting. The grant date fair value of the MSUs was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation. The Company uses the accelerated attribution method to account for these awards. 
 
 Granted Canceled or forfeited ) Change in awards based on performance ) Vested ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 

18 

shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP is increased on January 1 st of each calendar year, ending in and including 2031, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such smaller number of shares as is determined by our Board, subject to a maximum of shares of our common stock for the portion of the ESPP intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. All Company employees and employees of designated subsidiaries are eligible to participate in the ESPP and may purchase shares through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation, subject to a maximum of in any annual period for the portion of the ESPP intended to qualify as an employee purchase plan under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 The ESPP provides eligible employees the opportunity to purchase shares of the Company's common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to of the fair market value of the shares on (i) the first business day of the offering period or (ii) the last business day of the offering period, whichever is lower. The ESPP is offered to employees in windows, with phases beginning on February 1 and August 1 of each calendar year. For the window that ended on January 31, 2024, employees purchased shares at a price of per share. For the window that ended on July 31, 2024, employees purchased shares at a price of per share. As of September 30, 2024, shares were available for future purchase under the ESPP. 

12. 
 
 shares of common stock, par value per share and preferred stock, par value per share. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for vested RSUs and MSUs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for vested RSUs and MSUs, employees exercised stock options in exchange for shares of common stock for and employees purchased shares of common stock through the ESPP. 
 
 shares of common stock for vested RSUs and MSUs and employees exercised stock options in exchange for shares of common stock for , and employees purchased shares of common stock through the ESPP. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for vested RSUs and MSUs, employees exercised stock options in exchange for shares of common stock for and employees purchased shares of common stock through the ESPP. 

13. 
 
 for periods through 2028. 
 
 19 

14. 
 
 ) ) Denominator: Basic Shares: Weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted Shares: Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 Restricted stock units Market stock units ESPP Total 

15. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 
 
 The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximated fair value due to their short maturities. 
 
 Financial instruments 

20 

16. 
 
 and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred expenses of and , respectively. These costs were included in general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Amounts due to VCG as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were in both periods. 
 
 The Company incurs various travel and other expenses related to services provided by Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC VEP ). For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred expenses of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred expenses of and , respectively. These costs were included in general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Amounts due to VEP as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were and , respectively. 
 
 In May 2023, funds affiliated with Vista conducted an underwritten secondary offering of shares of the Company s common stock. In June 2023, funds affiliated with Vista sold shares of the Company s common stock in a block trade in compliance with Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company did receive any proceeds from these sales, but bore the costs associated with therewith (other than underwriting discounts and commissions), which were and were recorded within General and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company had other related party transactions with companies owned by Vista Equity Partners that are immaterial individually and in aggregate to the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

17. 
 
 employees to better align resources, consistent with the Company s strategy of increasing operational efficiency and improving productivity. There was remaining liability as of December 31, 2023, and therefore, activity during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Restructuring reserve increase Payments and impact of FX ) Balance at September 30, 2023 

21 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance, including guidance, and business, including pipeline and industry trends. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, plan, intend, believe, may, will, should, can have, likely, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. For example, all statements we make relating to our estimated and projected costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results or our plans and objectives for future operations, growth initiatives, or strategies are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected, including: 
 the adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects from various macroeconomic factors, including instability in geopolitical or market conditions generally; 
 our failure to innovate or make the right investment decisions; 
 our ability to provide digital or cross-platform analytics; 
 our failure to maintain or achieve industry accreditation standards; 
 our dependence on integrations with advertising platforms, demand side providers DSPs ), and proprietary platforms that we do not control; 
 our ability to compete successfully with our current or future competitors in an intensely competitive market; 
 our inability to use software licensed from third parties; 
 our international expansion; 
 our ability to expand into new channels; 
 our ability to sustain our profitability and revenue growth rate; 
 risks that our customers do not pay or choose to dispute their invoices; 
 risks of material changes to revenue share agreements with certain DSPs; 
 our dependence on the overall demand for advertising; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 the impact that any acquisitions we have completed in the past and may consummate in the future, strategic investments, or alliances may have on our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 our ability to successfully execute our international plans; 
 the risks associated with the seasonality of our market; 
 our ability to maintain high impression volumes; 
 the difficulty in evaluating our future prospects given our short operating history; 
 uncertainty in how the market for buying digital advertising verification solutions will evolve; 
 interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism, computer viruses, or social disruption; 
 the risk of failures in the systems and infrastructure supporting our solutions and operations; 
 our ability to avoid operational, technical, and performance issues with our platform; 
 risks associated with any unauthorized access to user, customer, or inventory and third-party provider data; 
 our ability to provide the non-proprietary technology, software, products, and services that we use; 
 the risk that we are sued by third parties for alleged infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of their proprietary rights; 
 our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce intellectual property and proprietary rights that are important to our business; 
 22 

our involvement in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property; 
 risks that our employees, consultants, or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers; 
 risks that our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected; 
 the impact of unforeseen changes to privacy and data protection laws and regulation on digital advertising; 
 our ability to maintain our corporate culture; 
 public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or other public health crises; 
 risks posed by earthquakes, fires, floods, and other natural catastrophic events; 
 the risk that a perceived failure to comply with laws and industry self-regulation may damage our reputation; and 
 other factors disclosed in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "2023 Form 10-K") and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, are disclosed under the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Quarterly Report. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
 
 We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that could impact our business. In particular, we encourage you to review the risks and uncertainties described in the sections titled Risk Factors and "Forward-Looking Statements" included in our 2023 Form 10-K and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements contained in this report or implied by past results and trends. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future, and our interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results we expect for the full fiscal year or any other period. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Company, Integral Ad Science Holding Corp., IAS, we, us, our, or similar terms refer to Integral Ad Science Holding Corp. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leading global media measurement and optimization platform. Through our cloud-based technology platform and the actionable insights it provides, we deliver independent measurement and verification of digital advertising across all devices, channels, and formats, including desktop, mobile, connected TV CTV ), social, display, video and emerging media like audio and gaming. Our proprietary and Media Rating Council (the MRC accredited Quality Impressions metric is designed to verify that digital ads are served to a real person rather than a bot in a brand-safe and suitable environment within the correct geography. 
 23 

Without an independent evaluation of digital advertising quality, brands and their agencies previously relied on a wide range of publishers and ad platforms to self-report and measure the effectiveness of campaigns without a global benchmark to understand success. We are an independent, trusted partner for buyers and sellers of digital advertising to increase accountability, transparency, and effectiveness in the market. We help advertisers optimize their ad spend and better measure consumer engagement with campaigns across platforms, while enabling publishers to improve their inventory yield and revenue. 
 As a leading global media measurement and optimization platform, we are deeply integrated with all the major advertising and technology platforms including Facebook, Instagram, Google, YouTube, LinkedIn, Amazon, Microsoft, Pinterest, Snap, Spotify, TikTok, The Trade Desk, X (formerly known as Twitter), Xandr, and Yahoo. Our platform leverages customized, internally developed artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) technologies to process over 280 billion digital interactions daily, on average, as of December 31, 2023. With this vast wealth of data, we provide actionable insights through our intuitive reporting tool, IAS Signal , helping brands, agencies, publishers, and platform partners improve media quality. 
 
 Our pre-bid optimization and post-bid measurement and verification solutions enable advertisers to measure campaign performance and value across viewability, ad fraud prevention, brand safety and suitability, and contextual targeting for ads on desktop, mobile in-app, social, and CTV platforms. Our pre-bid solution is directly integrated with DSPs to help optimize return on ad spend ROAS by directing budget to the best available inventory. Our contextual ability is enabled through our deep integrations with all major DSPs. In addition, our targeting and pre-bid solutions extend to the social platforms. Additionally, our Total Visibility offering provides marketers with actionable insights to optimize their campaign spend and drive higher yield by focusing on the most efficient and cost-effective pathways. Our solutions help hundreds of publishers globally deliver high quality ad inventory that is fraud free, viewable, brand safe and suitable, and geographically targeted. 
 
 Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Conditions 
 
 Current adverse macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, including high interest rates, currency fluctuations, high inflation, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, fluctuations in the financial markets and geopolitical instability may adversely affect our results. Our operating expenses are denominated in the currencies of the countries in which our operations are located, and our consolidated results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rat es. For the completed periods in 2024, we recognized foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from fluctuations primarily attributable to the British Pound and Euro currency movements relative to the U.S. dollar. In addition, as a result of repayments of our long-term debt during 2024 and slightly lower interest rates at the end of this quarter, our cost of capital for the completed periods in 2024 was lower than that of the corresponding periods in 2023. 
 
 Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of advertisers that benefit from our platform. Economic downturns, recessions, or unstable market conditions are difficult to predict and could cause advertisers to decrease their advertising budgets, which in turn reduces spend through our platform. 
 
 Our Business Model 
 
 We generate revenue based on the volume of purchased digital ads that our solution measures. Advertisers and publishers use our media quality solutions for ad viewability, brand safety and suitability, optimization, context control, and ad fraud prevention. Our customers primarily pay us based on usage, where the customer pays a fee based on the total volume of ads measured. Certain contracts with customers utilize other pricing arrangements, including minimum commitments, overages based on tiered pricing or flat fees. We maintain an expansive set of integrations across the digital advertising ecosystem, including with leading programmatic and social platforms, which enables us to cover all key channels, formats and devices. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 Our historical financial performance has been, and we expect our financial performance in the future to be, driven by our ability to: 
 
 Innovate and Develop New Products for Key High-Growth Segments 
 Optimization . We aim to deliver greater performance on programmatic ad buying via innovative solutions including contextual targeting and brand safety and suitability. These solutions include traditional open web media buying and select retail media platforms. 
 24 

Social . We aim to develop deeper integrations with social platforms, also known as Walled Gardens, including video-based brand safety and suitability, to deliver continued transparency to our customers. 
 CTV . We plan to continue to expand our CTV-specific verification solutions and context control capabilities to address the fast-growing CTV segment. Our Publica business powers new methods of measuring and optimizing performant CTV impressions. 
 Adjacent product expansion . We plan to expand our platforms and integrations to address new measurement and optimization needs for our clients. 
 
 Increase Sales Within Our Existing Customer Base 
 
 We aim to increase the use of our products among existing customers across more campaigns and impressions. Given our comprehensive product portfolio, we believe we can cross-sell additional or new solutions to our existing customers in order to better provide end-to-end coverage to more clients from pre-bid viewability to post-bid verification, fraud prevention, safety, suitability, and targeting. 
 
 Acquire New Customers and Increase Market Share 
 
 Our ability to acquire new customers and increase our market share is dependent upon a number of factors, including the effectiveness of our solutions, marketing and sales to drive new business prospects and execution, client digital marketing investment adoption, new products and feature offerings, global reach and the growth of the market for digital ad verification. There is a market opportunity to provide advertisers directly or through advertising agencies with verification services, specifically around ad viewability, ad fraud prevention and brand safety and suitability. We aim to work with top 500 global advertisers and mid-tier performance-based advertisers by targeting high-spend verticals and brands with a natural sensitivity for brand safety, brand suitability, and ROAS needs. We believe we will increase our market share by strengthening our relationships with the leading social platforms, enhancing our programmatic solutions, deriving benefit from our broad global position, and leveraging our differentiated data science and market-leading contextual capabilities. We are currently investing resources to pursue new accounts that were serviced by Oracle who announced they were exiting the advertising business at the end of September 2024. 
 
 Expand Customer Base Internationally 
 
 Our ability to expand our customer base internationally is dependent upon a number of factors, including effectively implementing our business processes and go-to-market strategy, our ability to adapt to market or cultural differences, the general competitive landscape, our ability to invest in our sales and marketing channels, the maturity and growth trajectory of our services by region and our brand awareness and perception. Global marketers are becoming increasingly cognizant of the value of sophisticated verification strategies and, as such, we believe there is growing demand for our services internationally. Our investments in international markets resulted in a 14 growth in revenue year-over-year for the year ended December 31, 2023. We believe that Latin America, EMEA and APAC regions may represent substantial growth opportunities, and we are investing in developing our business in those markets by way of expanded in-market customer service investment and by leveraging our global relationships. We aim to continue to grow outside the U.S. in Europe and other established markets such as Australia and Japan and view ourselves as best positioned to continue penetrating these markets given our market-leading global footprint. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 We experience fluctuations in revenue that coincide with seasonal fluctuations in the digital ad spending of our customers. The global advertising industry experiences seasonal trends that affect the vast majority of participants in the digital advertising ecosystem. Most notably, advertisers have historically spent relatively more in the fourth quarter of the calendar year to coincide with the holiday shopping season, and relatively less in the first quarter. We expect seasonality trends to continue, and our ability to manage our resources in anticipation of these trends will affect our operating results. Consequently, the fourth quarter usually reflects the highest level of measurement activity, and the first quarter reflects the lowest level of activity. Our revenue, cash flow, operating results and other key operating and performance metrics may vary from quarter to quarter due to the seasonal nature of our clients spending on advertising campaigns. While our revenue is highly re-occurring, seasonal fluctuations in ad spend may impact quarter-over-quarter results. We believe that the year-over-year comparison of results more appropriately reflects the overall performance of the business. 
 
 25 

Key Business Metrics 
 
 In addition to our U.S. GAAP financial information, we review a number of operating and financial metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. The key business metrics presented are based on our advertising customers, as revenue from these customers represents substantially all of our revenue. 
 
 The following table sets forth our key performance indicators for the periods: 
 September 30, 2024 2023 Net revenue retention of advertising customers ) (as of the end of the period) 108 116 Total number of large advertising customers (as of the end of the period) 232 219 
 
 Net revenue retention of advertising customers 
 
 We define net revenue retention of advertising customers as a metric to reflect the expansion or contraction of our advertising customers revenue by measuring the period-over-period change in trailing-twelve-month revenues from customers who were also advertising customers in the prior trailing-twelve-month period. As such, this metric includes the impact of any churned, or lost, advertising customers from the prior trailing-twelve-month period as well as any increases or decreases in their spend, including the positive revenue impacts of selling new services to an existing advertising customer. The numerator and denominator include revenue from all advertising customers that we served and from which we recognized revenue in the earlier of the two trailing-twelve-month periods being compared. For purposes of discussing our key business metrics, we define an advertising customer as any advertiser account that spends at least 3,000 in the applicable trailing-twelve-month periods. We calculate our net revenue retention of advertising customers as follows: 
 
 Numerator : The total revenue earned during the current trailing-twelve-month period from the cohort of advertising customers in the prior trailing-twelve-month period. 
 
 Denominator : The total revenue earned during the immediately preceding trailing-twelve-month period from such cohort of advertising customers in such trailing-twelve-month period. 
 
 The quotient obtained from this calculation is our net revenue retention rate of advertising customers. 
 
 Our calculation of net revenue retention of advertising customers may differ from similarly titled metrics presented by other companies. 
 
 Our net revenue retention of advertising customers decreased from 116 as of September 30, 2023 to 108 as of September 30, 2024. The decrease in the net revenue retention of advertising customers as of September 30, 2023 compared to September 30, 2024 was primarily due to lower advertising revenue growth during the trailing-twelve-month period of 12 in 2024 compared to 19 in 2023. 
 
 Total number of large advertising customers 
 
 Historically, our revenue has been primarily driven by large advertising customers. Increasing awareness of our solutions, further developing our sales and marketing expertise, and continuing to build solutions that address the unique needs of the top 500 global advertisers have increased our number of large advertising customers. We determine our number of large advertising customers by counting the total number of advertising accounts who have spent at least 200,000 per year. We believe our ability to recruit and cross-sell our products to large advertising customers is critical to our long-term success. Our total number of large advertising customers increased from 219 as of September 30, 2023, to 232 as of September 30, 2024. Revenue from large advertising customers represented 85 of our total advertising revenue (measurement and optimization revenue) for the trailing-twelve-month period ended September 30, 2024, 87 for the trailing-twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, and 85 for the trailing-twelve-month period ended September 30, 2023. As macroeconomic conditions remain uncertain with high inflation and high interest rates, there is no guarantee that we will continue to see an increase of large advertising customers. 
 
 26 

Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 
 
 We derive revenue primarily from advertisers (buy-side) and publishers (sell-side). Our post-bid measurement solutions enable advertisers to measure campaign performance and value across viewability, ad fraud prevention, brand safety and suitability for ads on desktop, mobile, CTV, social, display audio, gaming and video platforms. Our pre-bid optimization solutions are directly integrated with DSPs to help optimize return on ad spend by directing budgets to the best available inventory. Our publisher solutions drive yield by identifying high quality ad inventory that is fraud free, viewable, brand safe and suitable, and geographically targeted on a global basis. 
 
 We recognize revenue when control of the promised services are transferred to customers. We recognize revenue by multiplying the cost per thousand impressions ("CPM") and the number of impressions measured. An impression is measured by the platform when a digital ad is served to a real person rather than a bot in a brand-safe and suitable environment within the correct geography. Contracts with our customers primarily utilize a usage-based structure, where the customer pays a fee to the Company based on the total ads measured. Depending on our customer needs, our contracts may also utilize other pricing arrangements, including minimum commitments, overages based on tiered pricing or flat fees. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists of data center costs, hosting fees, revenue share with our DSP partners and personnel costs. Personnel costs include salaries, bonuses, equity-based compensation, and employee benefit costs, primarily attributable to our customer operations group. Our customer operations group is responsible for onboarding, integration of new clients and providing support for existing customers, including technical support for our technology platform and product offering. We allocate overhead such as rent and occupancy and information technology infrastructure charges based on headcount. 
 
 Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, equity-based compensation, employee benefits costs and commission costs, for our sales and marketing personnel. Sales and marketing expense also includes costs for advertising, promotional and other marketing activities. We allocate overhead such as rent and occupancy and information technology infrastructure charges based on headcount. Sales commissions are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Technology and development . Technology and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs of our engineering, product, and data sciences activities. Personnel costs including salaries, bonuses, equity-based compensation and employee benefits costs, third-party consultant costs associated with the ongoing development and maintenance of our technology platform and product offering. We allocate overhead such as rent and occupancy and information technology infrastructure charges based on headcount. Technology and development costs are expensed as incurred, except to the extent that such costs are associated with software development that qualifies for capitalization, which are then recorded as capitalized software development costs included in internal use software, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expenses consist of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, equity-based compensation, and employee benefits costs for our executive, finance, legal, human resources, information technology, and other administrative employees. General and administrative expenses also include outside consulting, legal and accounting services, allocated facilities costs, and travel and entertainment primarily related to intra-office travel and conferences. 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of depreciation and amortization expenses related to customer relationships, developed technologies, trademarks, favorable leases, equipment, leasehold improvements and other tangible and intangible assets. We depreciate and amortize our assets in accordance with our accounting policies. Maintenance and repairs, which do not extend the useful life of the respective assets, are charged to expense as incurred. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives or using an accelerated method. Useful lives of intangible assets range from five years to fifteen years. 
 
 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net. Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net, is impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates and the amount of foreign-currency denominated cash, receivables, intercompany balances, and payables. 
 
 27 

Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense, net. Interest expense, net consists primarily of interest payments on our outstanding borrowings under our Credit Agreement (as defined below), commitment fees on the undrawn portion of the revolver and amortization of related debt issuance costs, net of interest income. 
 
 (Provision) benefit for income taxes 
 
 (Provision) benefit for income taxes . The income tax provision resulted from pre-tax book income multiplied by statutory tax rate, increased by non-deductible expenses relating to stock-based compensation and offset by R D and other tax credits and discrete items. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations for the periods indicated: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 133,528 120,331 377,063 340,074 Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below) 27,373 25,599 80,628 71,100 Sales and marketing 30,144 29,604 91,541 87,566 Technology and development 16,840 17,211 52,305 53,850 General and administrative 25,348 22,611 71,407 85,673 Depreciation and amortization 16,243 14,027 47,032 40,373 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net (2,607) 2,078 (723) 931 Total operating expenses 113,341 111,130 342,190 339,493 Operating income 20,187 9,201 34,873 581 Interest expense, net (1,325) (3,109) (4,787) (9,747) Net income (loss) before income taxes 18,862 6,092 30,086 (9,166) (Provision) benefit for income taxes (2,773) (19,841) (7,562) 6,240 Net income (loss) 16,089 (13,749) 22,524 (2,926) Net income (loss) margin 12 (11) 6 (1) 
 
 28 

The following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data expressed as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 100 100 100 100 Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below) 20 21 21 21 Sales and marketing 23 25 24 26 Technology and development 13 14 14 16 General and administrative 19 19 19 25 Depreciation and amortization 12 12 12 12 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net (2) 2 Total operating expenses 85 92 91 100 Operating income 15 8 9 Interest expense, net (1) (3) (1) (3) Net income (loss) before income taxes 14 5 8 (3) (Provision) benefit for income taxes (2) (16) (2) 2 Net income (loss) 12 (11) 6 (1) 
 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Revenue 133,528 120,331 13,197 11 Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below) 27,373 25,599 1,774 7 Sales and marketing 30,144 29,604 540 2 Technology and development 16,840 17,211 (371) (2) General and administrative 25,348 22,611 2,737 12 Depreciation and amortization 16,243 14,027 2,216 16 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net (2,607) 2,078 (4,685) (225) Total operating expenses 113,341 111,130 2,211 2 Operating income 20,187 9,201 10,986 119 Interest expense, net (1,325) (3,109) 1,784 (57) Net income before income taxes 18,862 6,092 12,770 210 Provision for income taxes (2,773) (19,841) 17,068 (86) Net income (loss) 16,089 (13,749) 29,838 (217) 
 
 29 

Revenue 
 
 Total revenue increased by 13.2 million, or 11 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Optimization revenue 61,118 56,998 4,120 7 Measurement revenue 52,903 47,822 5,081 11 Publisher revenue 19,507 15,511 3,996 26 Total revenue 133,528 120,331 13,197 11 
 
 Total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 increased due to an increase in our measurement revenue of 5.1 million, or 11 , reflecting growth in volume of impressions of 17 , offset in part by a 6 decline in average CPMs. Revenue from our optimization customers grew 4.1 million, or 7 , reflecting modest growth in volume of impressions of 4 . Average CPMs were consistent for optimization when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The remaining increase in optimization revenue is attributable to other non-volume based agreements. Publisher revenue increased by 4.0 million, or 26 , primarily due to the growth of Publica, for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 Cost of Revenue. Cost of revenue increased by 1.8 million, or 7 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was driven by an increase in hosting fees of 2.0 million, and an increase of 0.3 million in revenue share to our DSP partners on account of growth in optimization revenue. The remaining change in cost of revenue expenses is aggregated from several other immaterial items . 
 
 Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses increased by 0.5 million, or 2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to an increase in compensation expenses of 1.8 million to support revenue growth, partially offset by a decline in stock-based compensation expense of 0.9 million. The remaining change in sales and marketing expenses is aggregated from several other immaterial items. 
 
 Technology and development . Technology and development expenses decreased by 0.4 million, or 2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was due to a decline in compensation expenses of 3.1 million, primarily related to higher capitalization of labor due to long-term investments in our product, and a decrease in professional services of 0.5 million. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 2.0 million, and an increase in software application expenses of 1.4 million. The remaining change in technology and development expenses is aggregated from several other immaterial items. 
 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expenses increased by 2.7 million, or 12 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 1.4 million, an increase of 0.6 million related to professional services, and a 0.5 million increase in compensation related expenses. The remaining change in general and administrative expenses is aggregated from several other immaterial items. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by 2.2 million, or 16 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase results from an increase in amortization expense related to capitalization of internal-use software of 2.5 million, offset by a decrease in amortization expense for intangible assets of 0.4 million. The remaining change in depreciation and amortization expense is aggregated from several other immaterial items. 
 
 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net. Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net decreased 4.7 million, or 225 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The gain in the current period resulted from fluctuations primarily attributable to the British Pound and Euro currency movements relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 
 30 

Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense, net . Interest expense, net decreased by 1.8 million, or 57 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a 1.8 million decrease in interest expense resulting from a lower average outstanding balance on the Revolver combined with a decrease in the interest rate on the Revolver from 7.3 at September 30, 2023 to 6.9 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 Provision for income taxes . Provision for income taxes decreased by 17.1 million, or 86 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The tax provision in the current year resulted mainly from the net income generated during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and non-deductible stock-based compensation, offset by R D and other tax credits and discrete items. The tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2023, was higher due to non-deductible executive compensation pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Revenue 377,063 340,074 36,989 11 Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization shown below) 80,628 71,100 9,528 13 Sales and marketing 91,541 87,566 3,975 5 Technology and development 52,305 53,850 (1,545) (3) General and administrative 71,407 85,673 (14,266) (17) Depreciation and amortization 47,032 40,373 6,659 16 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net (723) 931 (1,654) (178) Total operating expenses 342,190 339,493 2,697 1 Operating income 34,873 581 34,292 5902 Interest expense, net (4,787) (9,747) 4,960 (51) Net income (loss) before income taxes 30,086 (9,166) 39,252 (428) Benefit (provision) for income taxes (7,562) 6,240 (13,802) (221) Net income (loss) 22,524 (2,926) 25,450 (870) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Total revenue increased by 37.0 million, or 11 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Optimization revenue 172,053 160,847 11,206 7 Measurement revenue 151,904 133,433 18,471 14 Publisher revenue 53,106 45,794 7,312 16 Total revenue 377,063 340,074 36,989 11 
 
 Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 increased due to higher measurement revenue of 18.5 million, or 14 , reflecting growth in volume of impressions of 23 , offset in part by a 7 decline in average CPMs. In addition, optimization revenue increased 11.2 million, or 7 , reflecting growth in volume of impressions of 2 and growth in average CPMs of 2 . The remaining increase in optimization 
 31 

revenue is attributable to other non-volume based agreements. Publisher revenue increased by 7.3 million, or 16 , primarily due to the growth of Publica, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 Cost of Revenue. Cost of revenue increased by 9.5 million, or 13 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was driven by an increase in hosting fees of 9.7 million, an increase of 1.7 million in revenue share to our DSP partners on account of growth in optimization revenue, partially offset by a 1.4 million decrease in compensation related expenses. The remaining change in cost of revenue expenses is aggregated from several other immaterial items. 
 
 Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses increased by 4.0 million, or 5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to an increase in compensation expenses of 7.4 million to support revenue growth. This was partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 3.9 million, in part driven by the one-time charge taken for Return-Target Options in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The remaining change in sales and marketing expenses is aggregated from several other immaterial items. 
 
 Technology and development . Technology and development expenses decreased by 1.5 million, or 3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was due to a decline in compensation expenses of 5.7 million, primarily related to higher capitalization of labor due to long-term investments in our product, and a decrease in professional services of 1.4 million. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in software application expenses of 5.0 million and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 0.7 million. The remaining change in technology and development expenses is aggregated from several other immaterial items. 
 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expenses decreased by 14.3 million, or 17 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was due to a decline in stock-based compensation expense of 15.3 million, primarily driven by the one-time charge taken for Return-Target Options in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and a decrease in our bad debt expense of 1.3 million. These decreases were partially offset by a 1.2 million increase in software application expenses and a 1.1 million increase in professional services. The remaining change in general and administrative expenses is aggregated from several other immaterial items. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by 6.7 million, or 16 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase results from an increase in amortization expense related to capitalization of internal-use software of 7.3 million and an increase in depreciation expense of 0.2 million, offset by a decrease in amortization expense for intangible assets of 0.8 million. 
 
 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net. Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net decreased 1.7 million, or 178 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The gain in the current period resulted from fluctuations primarily attributable to the British Pound and Euro currency movements relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense, net . Interest expense, net decreased by 5.0 million, or 51 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a 4.7 million decrease in interest expense resulting from a lower average outstanding balance on the Revolver combined with a decrease in the interest rate on the Revolver from 7.3 at September 30, 2023 to 6.9 at September 30, 2024. Also contributing to the decrease in interest expense was a 0.4 million increase in interest income on our cash balances. 
 
 Benefit (provision) for income taxes 
 
 Benefit (provision) for income taxes . Benefit (provision) for income taxes increased by 13.8 million, or 221 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The tax provision in the current year resulted mainly from the net income generated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net loss incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and non-deductible stock-based compensation, offset by R D and other tax credits and discrete items. 
 
 32 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We use supplemental measures of our performance, which are derived from our consolidated financial information, but which are not presented in our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is the primary financial performance measure used by management to evaluate our business and monitor ongoing results of operations. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, interest expense, income taxes, acquisition, restructuring and integration costs, employee retention tax credit, foreign exchange gains and losses and other one-time, non-recurring costs. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents the Adjusted EBITDA for the applicable period divided by the revenue for that period presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 We use non-GAAP financial measures to supplement financial information presented on a U.S. GAAP basis. We believe that excluding certain items from our U.S. GAAP results allows management to better understand our consolidated financial performance from period to period, and better project our future consolidated financial performance, as forecasts are developed at a level of detail different from that used to prepare U.S. GAAP-based financial measures. Moreover, we believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide our shareholders with useful information to help them evaluate our operating results by facilitating an enhanced understanding of our operating performance and enabling them to make more meaningful period-to-period comparisons. Although we believe these measures are useful to investors and analysts for the same reasons they are useful to management, these measures are not a substitute for, or superior to, U.S. GAAP financial measures or disclosures and should be read only in conjunction with financial information presented on a GAAP basis. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 
 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, net income (loss), is presented below. We encourage you to review the reconciliations in conjunction with the presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures for each of the periods presented. In future fiscal periods, we may exclude such items and may incur income and expenses similar to these excluded items. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 16,089 (13,749) 22,524 (2,926) Depreciation and amortization 16,243 14,027 47,032 40,373 Stock-based compensation 16,443 13,900 47,185 65,641 Interest expense, net 1,325 3,109 4,787 9,747 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 2,773 19,841 7,562 (6,240) Acquisition, restructuring and integration costs 290 1,353 1,465 2,974 Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net (2,607) 2,078 (723) 931 Asset impairments and other costs 90 11 90 1,517 Adjusted EBITDA 50,646 40,570 129,922 112,017 Revenue 133,528 120,331 377,063 340,074 Net income (loss) margin 12 (11) 6 (1) Adjusted EBITDA margin 38 34 34 33 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 General 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling 57.1 million, which was held for working capital purposes, as well as the available balance on our Revolver, as defined below. 
 
 33 

Our principal commitments consist of obligations under operating leases for office space, our purchase commitments related to hosting and data services and repayments of long-term debt. We lease office space under operating leases, which expire on various dates through November 2032 and the total noncancellable payments under these leases, net of rentals under subleases, were 30.1 million as of September 30, 2024. Total non-cancelable purchase commitments related to hosting services as of September 30, 2024 were 125.9 million for periods through 2028. As of September 30, 2024, we had no short-term debt. Information about our long-term debt is provided below. 
 
 We have financed our operations primarily through cash on our balance sheet and debt financing. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, our Revolver and cash provided by operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure and cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond. We expect our operating cash flows to further improve as we increase our operational efficiency and experience economies of scale. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and services offerings, and the continuing market acceptance of our products. In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, including intellectual property rights. 
 
 We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new technologies, it could reduce our ability to compete successfully and harm our results of operations. 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On September 29, 2021, we entered into a new credit agreement with various lenders (the Credit Agreement ), which provides for an initial 300.0 million in commitments for revolving credit loans (the "Revolver"), which amount may be increased or decreased under specific circumstances, with a 30.0 million letter of credit sublimit and a 100.0 million alternative currency sublimit. In addition, the Credit Agreement provides for the ability to request incremental term loan facilities, in a minimum amount of 5.0 million for each facility. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including for acquisitions permitted under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On June 23, 2023, the Company entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, which changed the market interest rate on outstanding borrowings from LIBOR to SOFR. The First Amendment to the Credit Agreement became effective at the end of the applicable interest period for any LIBOR borrowings outstanding on the amendment effective date, which was June 30, 2023. Following the First Amendment, the interest rates applicable to the Revolver under the Credit Agreement are, at our option, either (i) in the case of U.S. dollar loans, (x) a base rate, which is equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.5 , and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR, which is calculated as the sum of (i) term SOFR as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for a one-month Interest Period and (ii) a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 per annum (subject to a floor of 0.0 (each term as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 1 , or (ii) in the case of RFR Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) denominated in sterling or euro, (x) the applicable RFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or (y) the applicable Term RFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), the Applicable Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The Applicable Rate (i) for base rate loans range from 0.75 to 1.50 per annum, (ii) for Term SOFR Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) ranges from 1.75 to 2.50 per annum, (iii) for RFR Loans denominated in sterling range from 1.7826 to 2.5326 , and (iv) for RFR Loans denominated in euro range from 1.7965 to 2.5456 , in each case, based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Base rate borrowings may only be made in dollars. The Company also pays a commitment fee during the term of the Credit Agreement ranging from 0.20 to 0.35 per annum of the average daily undrawn portion of the revolving commitments based on the Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The interest rate at September 30, 2024 was 6.9 . 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains covenants requiring certain financial information to be submitted quarterly and annually. In addition, we are also required to comply with certain financial covenants such as maintaining a Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of 3.50 to 1.00 or lower and maintaining a minimum Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of 2.50 to 1.00. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the Credit Agreement. Based upon current facts and circumstances, we believe existing cash coupled with the cash flows generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs and comply with covenants. 
 
 34 

Restrictions on Subsidiaries under the Credit Agreement 
 
 The Company is a holding company that conducts substantially all its activities through its subsidiaries and has no material operations of its own or direct outstanding debt obligations. The Company s wholly owned subsidiaries are subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in the Credit Agreement, which among other things, limit the ability of Company s subsidiaries to make loans or advances or pay dividends or distributions. As is customary, these restrictions are subject to specific exceptions set forth in the Credit Agreement. The restrictions placed on the Company s subsidiaries under the Credit Agreement have not had, nor are they expected to have, an impact on the Company s ability to meet its cash obligations because substantially all of the Company s consolidated cash obligations are obligations of the Company s subsidiaries, which payment is generally permitted under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The table below presents a summary of our consolidated cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated. 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 50,250 74,118 Net cash used in investing activities (30,462) (25,493) Net cash used in financing activities (87,358) (42,180) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash (67,570) 6,445 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash (113) (1,330) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, at beginning of period 127,290 89,671 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at end of period 59,607 94,786 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 50.3 million, resulting from a net income of 22.5 million adjusted for non-cash expenses of depreciation and amortization of 47.0 million, stock-based compensation of 47.2 million, bad debt expense of 0.9 million and amortization of debt issuance costs of 0.3 million, partially offset by a decrease in working capital of 50.6 million, and a deferred tax provision of 15.5 million, and unrealized foreign currency gains of 1.8 million. The decrease in working capital primarily reflects unfavorable timing of payments for operating expenses and taxes, as well as the payment of the annual employee bonus liability. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by operating activities was 74.1 million, resulting from a net loss of 2.9 million adjusted for non-cash expenses of depreciation and amortization of 40.4 million, stock-based compensation of 65.6 million, bad debt expense of 2.2 million, amortization of debt issuance costs of 0.3 million and unrealized foreign currency losses of 0.6 million, partially offset by a decrease in working capital of 14.1 million and a deferred tax benefit of 18.0 million. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 30.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, reflecting capitalized costs related to our internal use software of 28.9 million, and the purchase of property and equipment of 1.6 million. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 25.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting capitalized costs related to our internal use software of 23.5 million, and the purchase of property and equipment of 2.0 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash used in financing activities was 87.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to repayments of outstanding long-term debt of 90.0 million, offset by proceeds of 2.3 million for share purchases under the ESPP and 0.3 million for stock options exercised. 
 
 35 

Cash used in financing activities was 42.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to a net repayment of outstanding long-term debt of 50.0 million, offset by receipt of 5.6 million for stock options exercised and 2.2 million for share purchases under the ESPP. 
 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements of varying scope and terms pursuant to which we agree to indemnify customers, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the breach of such agreements, services to be provided by us or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain officers and employees that will require us, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors, officers or employees. No demands have been made upon us to provide indemnification under such agreements and there are no claims that we are aware of that could have a material effect on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), or Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, impacting our reported results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting estimates described in Note 2 Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements appearing in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted, see Note 2(h) to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of exposure due to potential changes in inflation or interest rates. We do not hold financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 
 Market risks at September 30, 2024 have not materially changed from those discussed in our 2023 Form 10-K under the heading Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes during the three months ended September 30, 2024, in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 36 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 37 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we have been and may be involved in various legal proceedings and claims arising in our ordinary course of business. At this time, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries is a party to, and none of our respective property is the subject of, any legal proceeding that, if determined adversely to us, would have a material adverse effect on us. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 For a discussion of the material risk factors that affect our Company, please see the risk factors disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (each as defined in Item 408(a) and (c) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 38 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 The following is a list of all exhibits filed or furnished as part of this report: 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Integral Ad Science Holding Corp., dated June 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2021). 
 3.2 Bylaws of Integral Ad Science Holding Corp., dated June 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2021). 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, furnished herewith. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, furnished herewith. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Integral Ad Science Holding Corp. (Registrant) Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/Tania Secor Tania Secor Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311q324.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Lisa Utzschneider, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Integral Ad Science Holding Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 
 s Lisa Utzschneider Lisa Utzschneider Director and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312q324.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Tania Secor, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Integral Ad Science Holding Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 
 s Tania Secor Tania Secor Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-321q324.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Integral Ad Science Holding Corp. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lisa Utzschneider, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Lisa Utzschneider Lisa Utzschneider Director and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-322q324.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Integral Ad Science Holding Corp. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Tania Secor, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Tania Secor Tania Secor Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ias-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ias-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ias-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ias-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ias-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

