<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241216_10-Q_edgar_data_1892292_0001213900-24-109372.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8259218</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>131093</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1667217</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1809568</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2133233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2317715</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-109372.hdr.sgml : 20241216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241216170232
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-109372
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Maison Solutions Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001892292
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-GROCERY STORES [5411]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				842498797
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41720
		FILM NUMBER:		241552662

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		127 N GARFIELD AVE
		CITY:			MONTEREY PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91754
		BUSINESS PHONE:		626-737-5896

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		127 N GARFIELD AVE
		CITY:			MONTEREY PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91754

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-109372.txt : 20241216

10-Q
 1
 ea0224813-10q_maison.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

As of December 11, 2024, the number of shares of
Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, outstanding was shares, and the number of shares of Class B common stock,
 0.0001 par value, outstanding was shares. 

MAISON SOLUTIONS INC. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED OCTOBER 31,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and April 30, 2024 (Audited) 
 
 1 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Notes to Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Item 2. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 32 

Item 3. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 48 

Item 4. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 48 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 50 

Item 1. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 50 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 50 

Item 2. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 50 

Item 3. 
 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 50 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 50 

Item 5. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 50 

Item 6. 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 51 

SIGNATURES 
 
 52 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

MAISON SOLUTIONS INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 April 30, 2024 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable - related parties 

Inventories, net 

Prepayments 

Other receivables and other current assets 

Other receivable - related parties 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Restricted cash 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Security deposits 

Investment under cost method 

Investment under cost method - related parties 

Investment under equity method 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Book overdraft 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Other payables - related parties 

Income tax payable 

Contract liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Loan payables, current 

Notes payable, current 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Long-term loan payable 

Security deposit from sub-tenants 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Deferred tax liability, net 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitment and contingencies (Note 17) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Class A Common stock, par value, shares authorized; 
shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024 

Class B Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Maison Solutions, Inc. stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

1 

MAISON SOLUTIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended October 31, 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Non-operating income (expenses) 

Interest expense, net 

Investment income (loss) 

Other income (loss), net 

Non-operating income (expenses), net 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax provisions 

Net income (loss) before noncontrolling interest 

Less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to Maison Solutions, Inc. 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to Maison Solutions, Inc. 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

2 

MAISON SOLUTIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31,
2024 AND 2023 

(UNAUDITED) 

Retained 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 Earnings 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 (Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at April 30, 2024 

Net income (loss) 

Balance at July 31, 2024 

Net income (loss) 

Balance at October 31, 2024 

Retained 

Class A 

Class B 

Additional 

Earnings 

Total 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

(Accumulated 

Noncontrolling 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit) 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at April 30, 2023 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2023 

Net income 

Issuance of common stock - IPO 

Balance at October 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

3 

MAISON SOLUTIONS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income before noncontrolling interest 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Inventory impairment (reversal) 

Bad debt expense (reversal) 

Investment loss 

Changes in deferred taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable - related parties 

Inventories 

Prepayments 

Other receivables and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Income tax payable 

Contract liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term payables 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Payments for equipment purchase 

Payments of intangible assets purchase 

Investment into HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Bank overdraft 

Borrowing from related parties 

Loan to related party 

Repayment of loan payables 

Repayment of notes payable arising from acquisition of Lee Lee 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net changes in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash and restricted cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash and restricted cash 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

4 

MAISON SOLUTIONS INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 31, 2024 (UNAUDITED)
AND APRIL 30, 2024 

of the equity interests in Good Fortune Supermarket San Gabriel, LP Maison San Gabriel and of the equity interests in Good Fortune Supermarket of Monrovia, LP Maison Monrovia ), each of which owns
a Good Fortune Supermarket. 

In
October 2019, the Company purchased of the equity interests in Super HK of El Monte, Inc. Maison El Monte ),
which owns a Hong Kong Supermarket. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company purchased equity interest in GF Supermarket of MP, Inc. Maison Monterey Park ), the
legal entity holding a supermarket in Monterey Park. 

On November 3, 2023, the Company
incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, AZLL LLC AZLL ), in Arizona. On April 8, 2024, AZLL closed an acquisition transaction
and purchased of the equity interests in Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, Inc. Lee Lee for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately million, consisting of: (i) million in cash paid immediately at the closing of the transaction,
and (ii) a senior secured promissory note (the Secured Note with an original principal amount of approximately million
pursuant to a senior secured note agreement dated April 8, 2024 and amended on October 21, 2024 (as amended, the
 Senior Secured Note Agreement ). Lee Lee is a three-store supermarket chain operating in Arizona under the name Lee Lee International
Supermarkets and specializing in South-East groceries. 

The Company, through its five
subsidiaries, engages in the specialty grocery retailer business. The Company is a fast-growing specialty grocery retailer offering traditional
Asian food and merchandise to U.S. consumers, in particular to Asian-American communities. 

and a net income of , respectively. The Company had an accumulated deficit
of approximately million and negative working capital of million as of October 31, 2024. The historical operating
results including recurring losses from operations raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

5 

and , respectively, which represent of the equity interest of Maison San Gabriel, 
of the equity interest of Maison Monrovia and of the equity interest of Maison El Monte. For the three months ended October
31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had net loss of and net income of , respectively, that were attributable to NCIs. For
the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had net loss of and net income of , respectively, that were
attributable to NCIs. 

6 

per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category.
The bank deposits exceeding the standard insurance amount will not be covered. As of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, cash balances
held in the banks, exceeding the standard insurance amount, are and , respectively. The Company has not experienced any
losses in accounts held in these financial institutions and believes it is not exposed to any risks on its cash held in these financial
institutions. 

and ,
respectively. 

7 

allowance for
the doubtful accounts. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. The Company s management
continues to evaluate the reasonableness of the allowance policy and update it if necessary. 

and ) for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and
2023. The Company provided a reserve (reversal) for inventory shrinkage of and ) for the six months ended October 31,
2024 and 2023. 

8 

years Leasehold improvements Shorter of the lease term or estimated useful life of the assets Equipment years Automobiles years 

impairment of long-lived assets for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024
and 2023. 

of the voting shares and does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial
policies of the investee using the cost method. The Company elects the measurements alternative and records investment in equity securities
at the historical cost in its consolidated financial statements and subsequently records any dividends received from the net accumulated
earrings of the investee as income. Dividends received in excess of earnings are considered a return of investment and are recorded as
reduction in the cost of the investments. 

9 

equity interest in Dai Cheong Trading Company Inc Dai Cheong ), a grocery trading company, for from
DC Holding CA, Inc. DC Holding CA, Inc. is owned by John Xu, the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President of the Company.
See Note 12 Related party balances and transactions . 

equity interest in HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc HKGF Alhambra ), the legal entity holding the Alhambra
store, for from Ms. Grace Xu, the sole shareholder of HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. and a related party as the spouse of
Mr. John Xu, the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President of the Company. See Note 12 Related
party balances and transactions . HKGF Market of Alhambra was temporarily shut down at the end of September 2024 as a result
of a strategic operating decision by HKGF Market of Alhambra s management. Accordingly, the Company recorded investment
loss during the six months ended October 31, 2024. 

equity interest in TMA Liquor Inc TMA ), a liquor wholesale company, for . The Company
paid as of October 31, 2024. 

for equity interest in HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC HKGF Arcadia ). See
Note 7 Equity method investment . The Company has determined that HKGF Arcadia is not a variable
interest entity (VIE) and has evaluated its consolidation analysis under the voting interest model with the facts that the Company does
not own greater than of the outstanding voting shares, either directly or indirectly; the Management team of HKGF Arcadia was
appointed by the shareholder despite Maison and the shareholder each appointed one director to the Board of Directors
of HKGF Arcadia, the Company concluded that it should account for its investment in HKGF Arcadia under the equity method of accounting.
Under this method, the investor Maison recognizes its share of the profits and losses of the investee HKGF Arcadia in the periods when these profits and losses are also reflected in the accounts of the investee. Any profit or loss recognized by the
investor appears in its income statement, any recognized profit increases the investment recorded by the investor, while a recognized
loss decreases the investment. 

10 

11 

and as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, respectively. 

Non-perishables 

Total revenues 

Non-perishables 

Total revenues 

and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Company s advertising expenses were and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

12 

A B B C C D D 

A B B C C D D 

13 

likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company considers many factors when evaluating our tax positions
and estimating its tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately forecast actual outcomes. The Company
includes interest and penalties related to its tax contingencies in income tax expense. 

dilutive potential common
stock. 

14 

reportable
segment. 

Non-perishables 

Reserve for inventory shrinkage 

Inventories, net 

Provision for (reversal of) inventory shrinkage reserve 

Ending Balance 

15 

Prepaid directors and officers D O insurance 

Prepaid income tax 

Prepaid professional service 

Prepaid rent 

Total prepayments 

As of October 31, 2024, the prepayment
for inventory purchases mainly consisted of paid to GF Distribution, Inc., one of the Company s major vendors;
and paid to XHJC Holdings Inc., which is the Company s new centralized vendor, and prepayment to other vendors of
 . 

As of April 30, 2024, the prepayment
for inventory purchases mainly consisted of paid to GF Distribution, Inc., one of the Company s major vendors; and
 paid to XHJC Holdings Inc., which is the Company s new centralized vendor, and prepayment to other vendors of . 

Equipment 

Leasehold Improvement 

Automobile 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expenses included in the general and administrative expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were and
 , respectively. Depreciation expense included in the cost of sales for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were and
 , respectively. Depreciation expenses included in the general and administrative expenses for the six months ended
October 31, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. Depreciation expense included in the cost of sales for the six months
ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Software systems (a) 

Trademark (b) 

Total intangible assets 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

16 

million. The system uses advanced technology such as artificial intelligence, IoT (Internet
of Things), client computing, etc. to optimize shelf display and planning, inventory control and customer services. The system is amortized
over . 

million.
The system has the necessary software and hardware that was specifically designed for supermarkets application for the key units of 1)
data synchronization across the entire supply chain, 2) centralized order processing and fulfillment, 3) refund and return processing,
4) customer complaints handling, and 5) distribution and delivery management and optimization. The system is amortized over . 

, to be amortized over ; 2) a trademark acquired
through the acquisition of Lee Lee on April 7, 2024. The fair value of the trademark from the acquisition of Lee Lee at acquisition date
was , to be amortized over . 

and , respectively. The amortization
expense for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Estimated amortization expense for each
of the next five years at October 31, 2024 is as follows: , , , and . 

for interest in HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC HKGF Arcadia ). The Company recorded
 investment loss and investment income for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The
Company recorded and investment loss for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of October
31, 2024, the Company incurred accumulated investment loss of . 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories, net 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible asset, net 

Goodwill 

Security deposits 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Other payables 

Loan from shareholder 

Bank overdraft 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Paid in Capital 

Subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

17 

Total Revenues, Net 

Cost of Revenues 

Supermarket 

Total Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Other income 

Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes 

Income Taxes 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Maison Solutions Inc. 

The following table shows the
condensed statement of operations of HKGF Arcadia for the six months ended October 31, 2024, and for the period from July 1, 2023 (business
starting date) to October 31, 2023. 

Total Revenues, Net 

Cost of Revenues 

Supermarket 

Total Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Income Taxes 

Net Loss 

Net Loss Attributable to Maison Solutions Inc. 

18 

, consisting of arising from Maison Monterey Park and arising
from the Lee Lee acquisition. The Company did not record any impairment to the goodwill for the three and six months ended October 31,
2024 and 2023. 

Accrued interest expense 

Accrued loss for legal matters (Note 17) 

Other payables 

Due to third parties, non-interest bearing, payable upon demand 

Sales tax payable 

Total accrued expenses and other payables 

of the equity interests in Lee Lee for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
 million, consisting of: (i) million in cash paid immediately at the closing of the transaction, and (ii) the Secured
Note with an original principal amount of approximately million pursuant to the Senior Secured Note Agreement entered into
on April 8, 2024. 

Under the Senior Secured Note
Agreement, the Secured Note will accrue interest on the outstanding principal amount at an annual interest rate of five percent ).
The payment schedule of the principal amount of the Secured Note is as follows: (i) million due and immediately payable on each
of May 8, 2024 and June 8, 2024; (ii) million due and payable on each of September 8, 2024, October 8, 2024 and November 8,
2024; (iii) million due and immediately payable on December 8, 2024; and (iv) approximately million due and immediately
payable on February 8, 2025. Additionally, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Senior Secured Note Agreement, the principal amount
may be adjusted to include certain Premium Guarantees (as defined in the Senior Secured Note Agreement) if certain conditions, as set
forth in the Senior Secured Note Agreement and the Stock Purchase Agreement (as defined below), are not met. 

Upon an Event of Default 
under the Senior Secured Note Agreement, the holders of the Secured Note will have certain rights, including the right to (i) declare
all of the obligations, as defined in the Senior Secured Note Agreement to be immediately due and payable, and (ii) resume daily operational
control of Lee Lee s operations until such time as the Obligations, as defined in the Senior Secured Note Agreement, have been satisfied.
Additionally, if an Event of Default occurs, the outstanding principal amount will bear interest at the simple interest
rate of 10 percent per annum, from the date of such Event of Default until all such sum are fully paid. 

On June 10, 2024, Lee Lee filed a Statement of Conversion with the
Arizona Corporation Commission (the ACC converting Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, Inc. into Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, LLC,
an Arizona limited liability company (the Conversion ). Following the Conversion, AZLL filed a Statement of Merger with the
ACC, pursuant to which Lee Lee merged into AZLL, effective August 28, 2024 (the Merger ). On September 9, 2024, AZLL filed
a Statement of Division with the ACC resulting in the restoration of both Lee Lee and AZLL as separate legal entities (the Division ).
The Conversion, the Merger and the Division are herein referred to collectively as the Lee Lee Reorganization. 

On October 21, 2024, Lee Lee, AZLL, the Company and the Holders entered
into the First Amendment to Senior Secured Note Agreement (the First Amendment ), which amends that certain Senior Secured
Note Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2024. Among other things, the First Amendment amends the Secured Note to (i) reflect the Lee Lee
Reorganization, (ii) modify certain cure periods pursuant to an Event of Default under the Secured Note, and (iii) include
certain covenants and representations with respect to the Lee Lee Reorganization. Additionally, pursuant to the First Amendment, Lee Lee,
AZLL and the Company irrevocably waive and forfeit any and all defenses, causes or remedies which may have arisen or may arise as a result
of the Lee Lee Reorganization in relation to any action or enforcement of any rights, remedies or provisions of the Secured Note, the
Security Agreement and/or otherwise at law taken by the Holders. 

19 

); (ii) amends the payment schedule of the principal and interest amounts to be due every Monday of
each week starting on October 14, 2024, as set forth in Exhibit A of the Second Amendment; (iii) amends the definition of Events
of Default and (iv) increases the Default Rate to fourteen percent per annum. Additionally, pursuant to the Second Amendment,
upon execution of the Second Amendment, the Company paid a restructuring fee of to the Holders. 

During the three months ended
October 31, 2024, the Company repaid on this note and recorded interest expense. During the six months ended
October 31, 2024, the Company repaid on this note and recorded interest expense. As of October 31, 2024
and April 30, 2024, the Company had an outstanding note payable of and , respectively, to the sellers of Lee
Lee. The Company is required to repay the full amount before May 5, 2025. 

Total loan payables Current portion of loan payables Non-current loan payables 

Maison San Gabriel Maison El Monte Total SBA loan payables 

On June 15, 2020, Maison
Monrovia entered into a Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at annual interest rate and a maturity date on . 

On June 15, 2020, Maison
San Gabriel entered into a Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at annual interest rate and a maturity date on . On January 12, 2022, Maison San Gabriel entered into an additional Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at 
annual interest rate and a maturity date on . 

On June 15, 2020, Maison
El Monte entered into a Business Loan Agreement with SBA at annual interest rate and a maturity date on . On January 6, 2022, Maison El Monte entered into an additional Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at 
annual interest rate and a maturity date on . 

Per the SBA loan agreement, all
interest payments on these three loans were deferred to December 2022. As of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, the Company s
aggregate balance on the three SBA loans was and , respectively. Interest expenses were and for
the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest expenses were and for the six months
ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the six months ended October 31, 2024, the Company made aggregate repayment of the
SBA loans of (which includes principal of and interest expense of ). During the six months ended October
31, 2023, the Company made repayment of (which includes principal of and interest expense of ). 

20 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. Total 

HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC Grantstone, Inc 
 HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. Total 

21 

HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC Dai Cheong Trading Co Inc. HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. Total 

HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC Dai Cheong Trading Co Inc. HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. Total 

HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. 
 Total 

In May 2021, the Company
purchased a equity interest in Dai Cheong Trading Company Inc., a grocery trading company, for from DC Holding
CA, Inc. DC Holding CA, Inc. is owned by John Xu, the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President of the Company. 

In December 2021,
the Company purchased a equity interest in HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc, the legal entity holding the Alhambra Store (as defined
below) for from Ms. Grace Xu, a related party as the spouse of Mr. John Xu, the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman
and President of the Company. HKGF Market of Alhambra was temporarily shut down at the end of September 2024 as a result of a strategic
operating decision by HKGF Market of Alhambra s management. Accordingly, the Company recorded investment loss during
the six months ended October 31, 2024. 

22 

HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. JC Business Guys, Inc. Grantstone Inc. United Food, LLC Total 

HKGF Market of Alhambra, Inc. Dai Cheong Trading Co Inc. Total 

Ideal City Capital HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC Total 

Grace Xu New Victory Foods Inc Total 

23 

Maison San Gabriel Maison El Monte Maison Monterey Park Lee Lee - Peoria store Lee Lee - Chandler store Lee Lee - Tucson store 

with new monthly based rent of for
first year and increase for each of the next four years. On July 6, 2023, the Company and the lessor entered an amendment
to lease, pursuant to which the lessor will provide monthly basic rent abatement of from August 1, 2023 through March 31,
2024, from April 1, 2024 through March 31, 2025, and from April 1, 2025 through March 31, 2026. As a result of
increased monthly base rent, the Company remeasured the lease and determined the ROU and lease liability of this lease increased by million
for each. 

As of October 31, 2024, the average
remaining term of the supermarkets store lease was years. As of April 30, 2024, the average remaining term of the
supermarkets store lease was years. 

In June and November 2022, the
Company entered three leases for three copiers with terms of months for each. In January 2024, Maison El Monte entered a lease for
copy with terms of months. As of October 31, 2024, the average remaining term of the copier lease was years. As of April
30, 2024, the average remaining term of the copier lease is years. 

Maison San Gabriel Maison Monterey Park Maison El Monte 

The
Company s total lease expenses under ASC 842 are million and million for the three months ended October 31,
2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s total lease expenses under ASC 842 are million and million for the six months
ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized using an effective
interest rate of range from to , which was determined using the Company s incremental borrowing rate. 

24 

ROU assets copier leases 

Total operating ROU assets 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2020 

Thereafter 

Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. On September 8, 2021, the total number
of authorized shares of all classes of stock was increased to by way of a , among
which, the authorized shares were divided into (i) shares of common stock, par value of per share (the
 common stock of which (a) shares shall be a series designated as Class A common stock (the Class
A common stock ), and (b) shares shall be a series designated as Class B common stock (the Class
B common stock ), and (ii) shares of preferred stock, par value per share (the preferred
stock ). For the Class A common stock and Class B common stock, the rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common
stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to (1)
vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to (10) votes and is convertible at any time into share
of Class A common stock. As of October 31, 2024, John Xu, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President, holds
all of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock. All shares and per share amounts used herein and in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect (i) the increase of share capital as if the change of share numbers
became effective as of the beginning of the first period presented for Maison Group and (ii) the reclassification of all outstanding
shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Golden Tree USA Inc. into Class B common stock, which are collectively referred
to as the Reclassification. 

25 

percent
of shares of Class A Common Stock sold in the Company s initial public offering (the IPO on October 10,
2023. The Company issued Underwriter Warrants, which is exclusive of the over-allotment option, pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement. The Underwriter Warrants became exercisable one hundred eighty (180) days after the commencement of sales of the IPO (April
1, 2024) and remain exercisable until the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the IPO (April 1, 2029). The Company accounted for
the Underwriter Warrants issued based on the fair value FV method under FASB ASC Topic 505, and the FV of the Underwriter
Warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes model under the following assumptions: life of years, volatility of ,
risk-free interest rate of and dividend yield of . The FV of the Underwriter Warrants issued at the grant date was .
The Underwriter Warrants issued in this financing were classified as equity instruments. 

Exercisable as of April 30, 2024 
 
 Granted 
 
 Exercised 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 Expired 
 
 Outstanding as of October 31, 2024 Exercisable as of October 31, 2024 

. Maison Monrovia and Maison San Gabriel are pass through entities whose
income or losses flow through Maison Solution s income tax return. Maison El Monte and Maison Monterey Park are Subchapter C corporation C-Corp incorporated in the state of California, are subject to U.S. income tax of and California state income
tax of . Lee Lee was a Subchapter S corporation S-Corp incorporated in the state of Arizona prior to the acquisition
by Maison and was converted into an Limited Liability Company LLC on June 10, 2024. Both the S-Corp and LLC are pass through
entities whose income or losses flow through Maison Solution s income tax return. 

State income tax expense 

Deferred: 

Federal income tax benefit 

State income tax benefit 

Total 

26 

State income tax expense 

Deferred: 

Federal income tax benefit 

State income tax benefit 

Total 

State statutory rate, net of effect of state income tax deductible to federal income tax 

Permanent difference penalties, interest, and others 

Utilization of NOL 

Change in valuation allowance 

Tax expense per financial statements 

State statutory rate, net of effect of state income tax deductible to federal income tax 

Permanent difference penalties, interest, and others 

Utilization of NOL 

Change in valuation allowance 

Tax expense per financial statements 

27 

Inventory impairment loss 

Investment loss 

Lease liabilities, net of ROU 

NOL 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Deferred tax liability: 

Trademark acquired at acquisition of Maison Monterey Park and Lee Lee 

Deferred tax liability, net of deferred tax assets 

As of
October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, Maison and Maison El Monte had approximately million and million, respectively,
of U.S. federal NOL carryovers available to offset future taxable income which do not expire but are limited to of
income until utilized. As of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, Maison and Maison El Monte had approximately million
and million, respectively, of California state net operating loss which can be carried forward up to years to
offset future taxable income. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends
upon the Company s future generation of taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future
deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable
income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all the information available, management believes
that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full
valuation allowance. 

The
Company recorded and of interest and penalties related to understated income tax payments for the six months
ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

As of
October 31, 2024, the Company s U.S. income tax returns filed for the year ending on December 31, 2021 and thereafter are subject
to examination by the relevant taxation authorities. 

million employee retention credit ERC received
(after net-off with investment loss of ). The ERC is a tax credit for businesses that continued to pay employees while shut down
due to the COVID-19 pandemic or had significant declines in gross receipts from March 13, 2020 to December 31, 2021. 

28 

to . It is
too premature at this state of litigation to estimate the chance of prevailing. 

On January 22, 2024, a small
claim complaint was filed against Maison Monterey Park for unpaid invoice. The Court granted plaintiff a judgement against Maison Monterey
Park for on April 25, 2024. The Court granted plaintiff a judgment against defendant in the amount of on April 25,
2024, which was then set aside on October 30, 2024 and schedule for trial on December 5, 2024. On December 5, 2024, the Court ruled that
Maison Monterey Park does not owe plaintiff any money. 

On May 8, 2024, the Company received
a subpoena from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Division of Enforcement SEC ). The subpoena was issued
following a social media post on X.com (formerly Twitter) made by Hindenburg Research in December 2023 and subpoenas issued to the Company s
CEO and CFO in March 2024. The Company is cooperating fully with the SEC. The ongoing matter with the SEC does not mean that the SEC has
concluded that anyone has violated the law. The Company cannot predict when this matter will be resolved or what, if any, action the SEC
may take. 

On September
3, 2024, a claim was filed against Maison El Monte alleging violations of the Unruh Civil Rights Act and the California Disabled Persons
Act for building not having adequate access for disabilities. The case Management Conference is scheduled for January 30, 2025. The management
is not able to estimate the outcome of the case due to early stage of the case. 

On October 17, 2024, a complaint
was filed against HKGF Alhambra, HKGF Arcadia, Maison El Monte, Maison San Gabriel, Maison Monrovia, Maison Monterey Park and Tion Hin
for unpaid invoices of seafood purchase for . The case management conference is scheduled for March 28, 2025. The management
is not able to estimate the outcome of the case due to early stage of the case. 

29 

, of which was payable within three (3) days of effectiveness, of
which is due within three (3) days of the completion and delivery of initialization services (including initializing of a feasibility
plan, store digitalization, delivery of online retailing and e-commerce business and operational solutions for the Stores) as outlined
in the Collaboration Agreement, and the remaining is payable within three (3) days of the completion and delivery of the
implementation services (including product and merchandise supply chain configuration, staff training for operation and management of
the digital solutions, installation and configuration of hardware, customization of software, concept design and implementation), as outlined
in the Collaboration Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement also included certain additional storage and implementation fees to be determined
by the parties and royalty fees, following the commercial launch of the platform developed by JD US, of of gross merchandise
value based on information generated by the platform. For each additional store requiring Consultancy and Initialization service, an additional
 will be charged for preparing the feasibility plan for such additional store. The Collaboration Agreement has an initial
term of years and customary termination and indemnification provisions. Simultaneously with the effectiveness of the Collaboration
Agreement, JD US and Maison entered into an Intellectual Property License Agreement (the IP Agreement outlining certain
trademarks, logos and designs, and other intellectual property rights used in connection with the retail supermarket operations outlined
in the Collaboration Agreement, which includes an initial term of years and customary termination provisions. There are no
additional licensing fees or costs associated with the IP Agreement. As of the date of this report, there is no new progress on the collaboration
agreement with JD US. 

of the outstanding equity interests in Lee Lee from the
Sellers. The transaction closed on April 8, 2024. 

Pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, AZLL agreed to pay to the Sellers an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, subject to certain adjustments
as set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement, consisting of: (i) million in cash paid immediately at the closing of the transaction,
and (ii) the Secured Note with an original principal amount of approximately million, subject to certain adjustments as set
forth in the Senior Secured Note Agreement. In addition, the Stock Purchase Agreement contained customary representations and warranties,
and indemnification, non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions. 

30 

Fair value of tangible assets acquired: 

Other receivables 

Property and equipment 

Security deposits 

Inventory 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, 

Intangible assets (trademark) acquired 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Fair value of liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Due to related parties 

Tenant security deposits 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Goodwill as a result of the acquisition 

for the accrued sick-pay liability of Lee Lee prior to the closing date, and 2) increasing purchase price by to compensate Sellers for the Sellers security deposit for the Peoria Lease which shall be left for AZLL. 

The following condensed unaudited
pro forma consolidated results of operations for the Company for the three and six months ended October 31, 2023 present the results of
operations of the Company and Lee Lee as if the acquisition occurred on May 1, 2023. 

Operating costs and expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Operating costs and expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

31 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties,
risks and assumptions associated with those statements. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes which are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our actual results may differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those
described under Risk Factors, and included in other portions of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and
projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions
about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, 
 would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy
include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. References
to we, us, our, Maison or the Company are to Maison Solutions Inc.,
except where the context requires otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a fast-growing,
specialty grocery retailer offering traditional Asian food and merchandise to modern U.S. consumers, in particular to members of
Asian-American communities. We are committed to providing Asian fresh produce, meat, seafood, and other daily necessities in a manner
that caters to traditional Asian-American family values and cultural norms, while also accounting for the new and faster-paced lifestyle
of younger generations and the diverse makeup of the communities in which we operate. To achieve this, we are developing a center-satellite stores
network. 

Since our formation in
July 2019, we have acquired equity interests in four (4) traditional Asian supermarkets in Los Angeles, California. Since April 30,
2022, we have been operating these supermarkets as center stores. The center stores target traditional Asian-American, family-oriented customers
with a variety of meat, fresh produce and other merchandise, while additionally stocking items which appeal to the broader community.
We are operating these traditional Asian-American, family-oriented supermarkets with our management s deep cultural understanding
of our consumers unique consumption habits. 

In addition to the traditional
supermarkets, on December 31, 2021, we acquired a 10 equity interest in a new grocery store located in Alhambra, California, a young
and active community (the Alhambra Store from Mrs. Grace Xu, the spouse of Mr. John Xu, our chief executive officer CEO ), Chairman and President. Our intention is to acquire the remaining 90 equity interest in the Alhambra Store and operate
it as our first satellite store. The investment in the Alhambra Store is considered a related party transaction because Mrs. Xu is
the spouse of Mr. Xu, our CEO, Chairman and President. Please refer to Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
for further explanation. 

In May 2021, the Company
acquired 10 of the equity interests in Dai Cheong, a wholesale business which mainly supplies foods and groceries imported from Asia,
which is owned by John Xu, our CEO, Chairman and President. We intend to acquire the controlling ownership of Dai Cheong. By adding Dai
Cheong to our portfolio, we will take the first step toward creating a vertically integrated supply-retail structure. Having an importer
as a part of our portfolio will allow us the opportunity to offer a wider variety of products and to reap the benefits of preferred wholesale
pricing. 

32 

On June 27, 2023, we invested
 1,440,000 for 40 equity interest in HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC HKGF Arcadia ), a supermarket in the city of Arcadia,
California, to further expand our footprint to new neighborhood. On December 6, 2023, we invested an additional 360,000 for another 10 
equity interest in HKGF Arcadia. On February 1, 2024, the Company and JC Business Guys, Inc., the only other member of HKGF Arcadia JC
Business Guys ), entered into a third amendment to the operating agreement of HKGF Arcadia to decrease our percentage equity interest
in HKGF Arcadia to 49 and increase JC Business Guy s percentage equity interest to 51 . 

On November 3, 2023, we
incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, AZLL LLC AZLL ), in Arizona. On April 8, 2024, AZLL closed an acquisition transaction
and purchased 100 of the equity interests in Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, Inc. Lee Lee for an aggregate purchase price
of approximately 22.2 million, consisting of: (i) 7.0 million in cash paid immediately at the closing of the transaction, and (ii) a
senior secured promissory note (the Secured Note with an original principal amount of approximately 15.2 million pursuant
to a senior secured note agreement dated April 8, 2024 and amended on October 21, 2024 (as amended, the Senior Secured Note Agreement ).
Lee Lee is a three-store supermarket chain operating in Arizona under the name Lee Lee International Supermarkets and specializing in
ethnic groceries. 

Collaboration with JD.com 

On April 19, 2021, JD
E-commerce America Limited JD US ), the U.S. subsidiary of JD.com, and Maison entered into a Collaboration Agreement
(the Collaboration Agreement pursuant to which JD.com will provide services to Maison focused on updating in store technology
through the development of a new mobile app, the updating of new in-store technology, and revising store layouts to promote efficiency.
The agreement included a consultancy and initialization fee of 220,000, 40 of which was payable within three (3) days of effectiveness
and which has been paid, 40 of which is due within three (3) days of the completion and delivery of initialization services as outlined
in the Collaboration Agreement, and the remaining 20 is payable within three (3) days of the completion and delivery of the implementation
services, as outlined in the Collaboration Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement also included certain additional storage and implementation
fees to be determined by the parties and royalty fees, following the commercial launch of the platform developed by JD.com, of 1.2 of
gross merchandise value based on information generated by the platform. For each additional store requiring consultancy and initialization
service, an additional 50,000 will be charged for preparing the feasibility plan for such additional store. The Collaboration Agreement
has an initial term of 10 years and customary termination and indemnification provisions. Simultaneously with the effectiveness of
the Collaboration Agreement, JD US and Maison entered into an Intellectual Property License Agreement (the IP Agreement outlining certain trademarks, logos and designs and other intellectual property rights used in connection with the retail supermarket
operations outlined in the Collaboration Agreement, which includes an initial term of 10 years and customary termination provisions. 

Key Factors that Affect Operating Results 

Inflation 

The inflation rate for
the United States was 2.6 for the six months ended October 31, 2024, 3.4 for the year ended April 30, 2024 and 4.9 for the year
ended April 30, 2023 according to Bureau of Labor Statistics. Inflation increased our purchase costs, occupancy costs, and payroll costs. 

Operating Cost Increase After Initial
Public Offering 

We historically have operated
our business as a private company. We completed our initial public offering on October 10, 2023. As a public company, we are subject to
increased operating costs related to our listing on Nasdaq, including increased costs related to our compliance with Securities Act and
Exchange Act periodic reporting, annual audit expenses, legal service expenses, and related consulting service expenses. 

Competition 

Food retail is a competitive
industry. Our competition varies and includes national, regional, and local conventional supermarkets, national superstores, alternative
food retailers, natural foods stores, smaller specialty stores, farmers markets, supercenters, online retailers, mass or discount
retailers and membership warehouse clubs. Our principal competitors include 99 Ranch Market and H-Mart for conventional supermarkets
and Weee! for online groceries. Each of these stores competes with us based on product selection, product quality, customer service, price,
store format, location, or a combination of these factors. In addition, some competitors are aggressively expanding their number of stores
or their product offerings. Some of these competitors may have been in business longer, may have more experience operating multiple store
locations, or may have greater financial or marketing resources than us. 

33 

As competition in certain
areas intensifies or competitors open stores within proximity to our stores, our results of operations may be negatively impacted through
a loss of sales, decrease in market share, reduction in margin from competitive price changes, or greater operating costs. In addition,
other established food retailers could enter our markets, increasing competition for market share. 

Payroll 

As of October 31, 2024,
we had approximately 385 employees including employees from our newly acquired subsidiary, Lee Lee, which is based in the State of Arizona.
Our employees are not unionized nor, to our knowledge, are there any plans for them to unionize. We have never experienced a strike or
significant work stoppage. We consider our employee relations to be good. Minimum wage rates in some states have recently increased. For
example, in California, the minimum wage was 15.50 per hour in 2023 and increased to 16 per hour starting from January 1, 2024; in Arizona,
the minimum wage was 13.85 per hour in 2023, and increased to 14.35 per hour starting from January 1, 2024. Our payroll and payroll
tax expenses were 4.3 million and 1.7 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our payroll and
payroll tax expenses were 8.0 million and 3.4 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Vendor and Supply Management 

Maison believes that a
centralized and efficient vendor and supply management system is the key to profitability. Maison has major vendors, including Lawrence
Wholesale, BRC International Inc, ONCO Food Corp., GF Distribution, Inc., and XHJC Holding Inc. For the three months ended October 31,
2024, these five suppliers accounted for 14 , 6 , 0.1 , 1 and 7 of the Company s total purchases, respectively. For the three
months ended October 31, 2023, these five suppliers accounted for 0 , 0 , 32 , 17 and 10 of the Company s total purchases, respectively.
For the six months ended October 31, 2024, these five suppliers accounted for 12 , 9 , 1 , 3 , and 9 of the Company s total purchases,
respectively. For the six months ended October 31, 2023, these five suppliers accounted for 0 , 0 , 33 , 18 and 10 of the Company s
total purchases, respectively. Maison believes that its centralized vendor management enhances its negotiating power and improves its
ability to manage vendor payables. 

Store Maintenance and Renovation 

From time to time, Maison
conducts maintenance on the fixtures and equipment for its stores. Any maintenance or renovations could interrupt the operation of our
stores and result in a decline in customer volume. Significant maintenance or renovation would affect our operations and operating results.
Meanwhile, improving the store environment can also attract more customers and lead to an increase in sales. Maison focused on improving
and renovating our stores for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. We spent 154,255 for the three months ended October
31, 2024 for repairs and maintenance and supermarket renovation, an increase of 140,808 compared to 13,447 for the three months ended
October 31, 2023 mainly due to the acquisition of our new subsidiary Lee Lee. We spent 450,127 (including 310,977 for Lee Lee) for the
six months ended October 31, 2024 for repairs and maintenance and supermarket renovation, an increase of 356,406 compared to 93,721
for the six months ended October 31, 2023 mainly due to the acquisition of our new subsidiary Lee Lee. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements were prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations,
realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the
Company had a net loss of approximately 256,009. For the six months ended October 31, 2024, the Company had a net income of approximately
 444,899. The Company had bank overdraft of 1.32 million, negative working capital of 15.64
million, and an accumulated deficit of approximately 2.37 million as of October 31, 2024. The historical operating results,
including recurring losses from operations raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

34 

The Company plans to increase
its revenue by strengthening its sales force, providing attractive sales incentive programs, recruiting experienced industry-related managerial
personnel, increasing marketing and promotion activities, seeking suppliers with competitive price and good quality products, opening
or acquiring additional specialty supermarkets in the locations that have less-competition. If deemed necessary, management could
also seek to raise additional funds by way of admitting strategic investors, or private or public offerings, or by seeking to obtain loans
from banks or others, to support the Company s daily operation. While management of the Company believes in the viability of its
strategy to generate sufficient revenues and its ability to raise additional funds on reasonable terms and conditions, there can be no
assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern depends upon the Company s ability to further
implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds. There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. There is also no assurance that the amount of funds
the Company might raise will enable the Company to complete its initiatives or attain profitable operations. If the Company is unable
to raise additional funding to meet its working capital needs in the future, it may be forced to delay, reduce or cease its operations. 

Critical Accounting Policy 

Related Parties 

The Company identifies
related parties, and accounts for, and discloses related party transactions in accordance with ASC Topic 850 Related Party
Disclosures and other relevant ASC standards. Parties are considered to be related to the Company if the parties, directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled by, or are under common control with the Company. Related parties also include
principal owners of the Company, its management, members of the immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management
and other parties with which the Company may deal with if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Significant accounting estimates are used for, but not
limited to, useful lives of property and equipment, commitments and contingencies, inventory reserve, allowance for estimated uncollectable
accounts receivables and other receivables, impairment of long-lived assets, contract liabilities, and valuation of deferred tax
assets. Given the global economic climate and additional or unforeseen effects from the COVID-19 pandemic, these estimates have become
more challenging, and actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

Inventories 

Inventories, consisting
of products available for sale, are primarily accounted for using the first-in, first-out method, and are valued at the lower of
cost and net realizable value. This valuation requires us to make judgments, based on currently available information, about the likely
method of disposition, such as through sales to individual customers, returns to product vendors, or liquidations, and expected recoverable
values of each disposition category. The Company records inventory shrinkage based on historical data and management s estimates
and provided a reserve for inventory shrinkage for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company provided
a reserve (reversal) for inventory shrinkage of 110,229 and (322) for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Company provided a reserve (reversal) for inventory shrinkage of 314,833 and (3,559) for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and
2023, respectively. 

35 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company adopted ASC
Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC Topic 606 ), from May 1, 2020 using the modified retrospective
transition approach to all contracts that did not have an impact on the beginning retained earnings on May 1, 2020. The Group s
revenue recognition policies effective on the adoption date of ASC Topic 606 are presented as below. 

In accordance with ASC
Topic 606, the Company s performance obligation is satisfied upon the transfer of goods to the customer, which occurs at the point
of sale. Revenues are recorded net of discounts, sales taxes, and returns and allowances. 

The Company sells Company
gift cards to customers. There are no administrative fees on unused gift cards and the gift cards do not have an expiration date. Gift
card sales are recorded as contract liability when sold and are recognized as revenue when either the gift card is redeemed, or the likelihood
of the gift card being redeemed is remote gift card breakage ). The Company s gift card breakage rate is based upon
historical redemption patterns, and it recognizes breakage revenue utilizing the redemption recognition method. The Company also offers
discounts on the gift cards sold to its customers. The discounts are recorded as sales discount when gift card been redeemed. 

The Company s contract
liability related to gift cards was 810,798 and 965,696 as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, respectively. 

Leases 

The Company determines
if an arrangement contains a lease at the inception of a contract under ASC Topic 842. At the commencement of each lease, management determines
its classification as an operating or finance lease. For leases that qualify as operating leases, ROU assets and liabilities are recognized
at the commencement date based on the present value of any remaining lease payments over the lease term. For this purpose, the Company
considers only payments that are fixed and determinable at the time of commencement. As most of its leases do not provide an implicit
rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present
value of lease payments. The ROU assets include adjustments for accrued lease payments. 

ROU assets also include
any lease payments made prior to commencement and are recorded net of any lease incentives received. The Company s lease terms may
include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise such options. 

A short-term lease
is defined as a lease that, at the commencement date, has a lease term of 12 months or less and does not include an option to purchase
the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise. When determining whether a lease qualifies as a short-term lease,
the Company evaluates the lease term and the purchase option. Hence, the Company does not recognize any operating lease ROU assets and
operating lease liabilities for short-term leases. 

The Company evaluates
the carrying value of ROU assets if there are indicators of impairment and review the recoverability of the related asset group. If the
carrying value of the asset group is determined to not be recoverable and is in excess of the estimated fair value, the Company will record
an impairment loss in other expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The Company also subleases
certain mini stores that are within the supermarket to other parties. The Company collects security deposits and rent from these sub-lease tenants.
The rent income collected from sub-lease tenants recognized as rental income and deducted occupancy cost. 

36 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Please refer to Note 2
 Summary of significant accounting policies for details. 

How to Assess Our Performance 

In assessing performance,
management considers a variety of performance and financial measures, including principal growth in net revenue, gross profit and selling,
and general and administrative expenses. The key measures that we use to evaluate the performance of our business are set forth below. 

Net Revenue 

Our net revenues comprise
gross revenues net of returns and discounts. We do not record sales taxes as a component of retail revenues as it is considered a pass-through conduit
for collecting and remitting sales taxes. 

Gross Profit 

We calculate gross profit
as net revenues less cost of revenues and occupancy costs. Gross margin represents gross profit as a percentage of net revenues. Occupancy
costs include store rental costs. The components of our cost of revenues and occupancy costs may not be identical to those of our competitors.
As a result, our gross profit and gross margin may not be comparable to similar data made available by our competitors. 

Cost of revenue includes
the purchase price of consumer products, inbound and outbound shipping costs, including costs related to our sorting and delivery center,
which is the warehouse attached to the El Monte store, and where we are the transportation service provider. Shipping costs to receive
products from our suppliers are included in our inventory and recognized in cost of revenues upon sale of products to our customers. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses 

Selling, general, and
administrative expenses primarily consist of retail operational expenses, administrative salaries and benefits costs, marketing costs,
advertising costs, and corporate overhead. 

Selling expenses mainly
consist of advertising costs, promotion expenses, and payroll and related expenses for personnel engaged in selling and marketing activities. 

General and administrative
expenses primarily consist of costs for corporate functions, including payroll and related expenses; facilities and equipment expenses,
such as depreciation and amortization expense and rent; and professional fees and litigation costs. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months
Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 

Three Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Net revenues 
 31,019,924 
 13,766,204 
 17,253,720 
 125.3 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 22,868,137 
 10,642,983 
 12,225,154 
 114.9 
 
 Gross profit 
 8,151,787 
 3,123,221 
 5,028,566 
 161.0 
 
 Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 
 5,364,371 
 2,281,147 
 3,083,224 
 135.2 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 2,116,050 
 588,251 
 1,527,799 
 259.7 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 7,480,421 
 2,869,398 
 4,611,023 
 160.7 
 
 Income from operations 
 671,366 
 253,823 
 417,543 
 164.5 
 
 Other income (expenses), net 
 (181,985 
 14,780 
 (196,765 
 (1,331.29 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (242,380 
 (29,965 
 (212,415 
 708.9 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 247,001 
 238,638 
 8,363 
 3.5 
 
 Income tax provisions 
 563,096 
 147,160 
 415,936 
 282.6 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (316,095 
 91,478 
 (407,573 
 (445.5 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (60,086 
 13 
 (60,099 
 (462,300.0 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Maison Solutions Inc. 
 (256,009 
 91,465 
 (347,474 
 (379.9 

37 

Revenues 

Three Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Perishables 
 16,007,610 
 7,470,842 
 8,536,767 
 114.3 
 
 Non-perishables 
 15,012,314 
 6,295,362 
 8,716,953 
 138.5 
 
 Net revenue 
 31,019,924 
 13,766,204 
 17,253,720 
 125.3 

Our net revenues were
approximately 31.0 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of approximately 17.3 million or 125.3 , from approximately
 13.8 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. The increase in net revenues was driven by the inclusion of revenues from our
newly acquired subsidiary, Lee Lee (acquired in April 2024), of 19.2 million, which was partly offset by decreased sales of Maison Monterey
Park by 0.5 million, decreased sales of Maison San Gabriel by 0.8 million, decreased sales of Maison Monrovia by 0.5 million and decreased
sales of Maison El Monte by 0.2 million, as compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. Our four California-based supermarkets
contributed 11.8 million in revenue during the three months ended October 31, 2024, a decrease of approximately 2.0 million, as compared
to the three months ended October 31, 2023. The 2.0 million decrease of our California-based supermarkets was mainly due to increased
competition from newly opened Asian supermarkets in nearby area, the effect of certain COVID-19 pandemic-era relief programs ending in
fall 2023 such as losing access to foods stamps due to resume of work requirement for food stamps, as well as the temporary slow-down
of the Maison El Monte store due to renovation. 

Cost of Revenues 

Three Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 22,868,137 
 10,642,983 
 12,225,154 
 114.9 

Cost of revenues includes
cost of supermarket product sales and occupancy costs, which are store rent expense, depreciation for store property and equipment, inventory
shrinkage costs and store supplies. The depreciation expense comes from machinery equipment, such as refrigerators, water heaters,
forklifts, and freezers and furniture fixtures, such as metal shelves, shopping carts, and LED lights. Shrinkage costs are different
for different types of products. For example, fruits and vegetables have a high allowance rate during the receiving and display process.
The seafood and meat departments have a low allowance rate because the non-fresh products can freeze and sell for the same price
or even higher price after being cut. The cost of revenues increased by 12.2 million, from 10.6 million for the three months ended October
31, 2023, to approximately 22.9 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024. The increase in cost of revenues was mainly from
our newly acquired subsidiary, Lee Lee (acquired in April 2024), by 13.5 million, which was partly offset by decreased cost of revenues
from our four California-based supermarkets by 1.3 million. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 

Three Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Gross Profit 
 8,151,787 
 3,123,221 
 5,028,566 
 161.0 
 
 Gross Margin 
 26.3 
 22.7 
 
 3.6 

Gross profit was approximately
 8.2 million and 3.1 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Gross margin was 26.3 and 22.7 for
the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our supermarkets sales profit margins increased by 3.6 for the
three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. The increase in our gross profit was mainly due
to the higher gross profit from our new acquired subsidiary Lee Lee. 

38 

Total Operating Expenses 

Three Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Selling Expenses 
 5,364,371 
 2,281,147 
 3,083,224 
 135.2 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 2,116,050 
 588,251 
 1,527,799 
 259.7 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 7,480,421 
 2,869,398 
 4,611,023 
 160.7 
 
 Percentage of revenue 
 24.1 
 20.8 
 
 3.3 

Total operating expenses
were approximately 7.5 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of approximately 4.6 million, compared
to approximately 2.9 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. Total operating expenses as a percentage of revenues were 24.1 
and 20.8 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable
to the increase in selling expenses, which included the increase in payroll expense, utility expense, advertising and promotion expense,
postage delivery expense and merchant service charges as result of the acquisition of Lee Lee. Payroll expense increased by 2.6
million in the three months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023 due to the increase of hourly
rate and increased number of employees due to the acquisition of Lee Lee. Utility expenses increased by 0.3 million in the three months
ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. Merchant service charges increased by 0.2 million in
the three months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023 due to increased sales as describe above. 

The
increase in general and administrative expenses during the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to increased
professional fees by 823,003 related to the contingencies listed in Note 17 Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial Statements, increased office expense by 360,682, increased amortization expense by 136,250 due to the new
trademark acquired through the acquisition of Lee Lee, increased utility expense by 25,683, increased bad debt expense by 62,483,
and increased repair and maintenance expense by 119,704. 

Other Income (Expenses), Net 

Other expenses were 181,985
for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compare to other income of 14,780 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. For the three
months ended October 31, 2024, other expenses mainly consisted of investment loss of 226,274, which was partly offset by other income
of 44,289. For the three months ended October 31, 2023, other income mainly consisted of investment income of 15,678, which was partially
offset by other expenses of 898. 

Interest Income (Expense), Net 

Interest expense was 242,380
for the three months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 212,415 from 29,965 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. For the
three months ended October 31, 2024, the interest expense was for the SBA Loans and note payable arising from the acquisition of Lee Lee.
For the three months ended October 31, 2023, the interest expense was for the SBA Loans and the loans with American First National Bank
(the AFNB Loans ). The AFNB Loans were repaid in full as of April 30, 2024. 

39 

Income Taxes Provisions 

Income tax expense was
 563,096 for the three months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 415,936 from income taxes expense of 147,160 for the three months
ended October 31, 2023. The increase was mainly due to increased taxable income from our new acquisition stores of Lee-Lee for the three
months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. 

Net Income (loss) 

Net loss attributable
to the Company was 256,009 for the three months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 347,474, or 379.9 , from a 91,465 net income
attributable to the Company for the three months ended October 31, 2023. This was mainly attributable to the reasons discussed above,
which included an increase in gross profit by 5,028,566, increased other income by 45,187, which was partly offset by increased investment
loss of 241,952, increased interest expenses by 212,415, increased operating expenses by 4,611,023 and increased income tax expense
by 415,936. 

Results of Operations for the Six Months
Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Net revenues 
 60,669,304 
 27,518,519 
 33,150,785 
 120.5 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 44,251,878 
 21,289,202 
 22,962,676 
 107.9 
 
 Gross profit 
 16,417,426 
 6,229,317 
 10,188,109 
 163.6 
 
 Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 
 10,264,264 
 4,545,697 
 5,718,567 
 125.8 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 3,846,921 
 1,646,542 
 2,200,379 
 133.6 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 14,111,185 
 6,192,239 
 7,918,946 
 127.9 
 
 Income from operations 
 2,306,241 
 37,078 
 2,269,163 
 6,120.0 
 
 Other income (expenses), net 
 (379,419 
 370,273 
 (749,692 
 (202.5 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (425,767 
 (76,531 
 (349,236 
 456.3 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 1,501,055 
 330,820 
 1,170,235 
 353.7 
 
 Income tax provisions 
 1,199,324 
 266,066 
 933,258 
 350.8 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 301,731 
 64,754 
 236,977 
 366 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (143,168 
 78,228 
 (221,396 
 (283.0 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Maison Solutions Inc. 
 444,899 
 (13,474 
 458,373 
 (3,401.9 

Revenues 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Perishables 
 31,202,567 
 15,194,688 
 16,007,879 
 105.4 
 
 Non-perishables 
 29,466,737 
 12,323,831 
 17,142,906 
 139.1 
 
 Net revenue 
 60,669,304 
 27,518,519 
 33,150,785 
 120.5 

Our net revenues were
approximately 60.7 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of approximately 33.2 million or 120.5 , from approximately
 27.5 million for the six months ended October 31, 2023. The increase in net revenues was driven by the inclusion of revenues from our
newly acquired subsidiary, Lee Lee (acquired in April 2024), of 37.4 million, which was partly offset by decreased sales of Maison Monterey
Park by 0.8 million, decreased sales of Maison San Gabriel by 1.7 million, decreased sales of Maison Monrovia by 1.1 million and decreased
sales of Maison El Monte by 0.7 million, as compared to the six months ended October 31, 2023. Our four California-based supermarkets
contributed 23.2 million in revenue during the six months ended October 31, 2024, a decrease of approximately 4.3 million, as compared
to the six months ended October 31, 2023. The 4.3 million decrease was mainly due to increased competition from newly opened Asian supermarkets
in nearby area, the effect of certain COVID-19 pandemic-era relief programs ending in fall 2023 such as losing access to foods stamps
due to resume of work requirement for food stamps, as well as the temporary slow-down of the Maison El Monte store due to renovation. 

40 

Cost of Revenues 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 44,251,878 
 21,289,202 
 22,962,676 
 107.9 

Cost of revenues includes
cost of supermarket product sales and occupancy costs, which are store rent expense, depreciation for store property and equipment, inventory
shrinkage costs and store supplies. The depreciation expense comes from machinery equipment, such as refrigerators, water heaters,
forklifts, and freezers and furniture fixtures, such as metal shelves, shopping carts, and LED lights. Shrinkage costs are different
for different types of products. For example, fruits and vegetables have a high allowance rate during the receiving and display process.
The seafood and meat departments have a low allowance rate because the non-fresh products can freeze and sell for the same price
or even higher price after being cut. The cost of revenues increased by 23.0 million, from 21.3 million for the six months ended October
31, 2023, to approximately 44.3 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024. The increase in cost of revenues was mainly from our
newly acquired subsidiary, Lee Lee (acquired in April 2024), by 25.9 million, which was partly offset by decreased cost of revenues from
our four California-based supermarkets by 2.9 million. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Gross Profit 
 16,417,426 
 6,229,317 
 10,188,109 
 163.6 
 
 Gross Margin 
 27.1 
 22.6 
 
 4.5 

Gross profit was approximately
 16.4 million and 6.2 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Gross margin was 27.1 and 22.6 for
the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our supermarkets sales profit margins increased by 4.4 for the six
months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the six months ended October 31, 2023. The increase in our gross profit was mainly due to the
higher gross profit from our new acquired subsidiary Lee Lee. 

Total Operating Expenses 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Percentage Change 
 
 Selling Expenses 
 10,264,264 
 4,545,697 
 5,718,567 
 125.8 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 3,846,921 
 1,646,542 
 2,200,379 
 133.6 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 14,111,185 
 6,192,239 
 7,918,946 
 127.9 
 
 Percentage of revenue 
 23.3 
 22.5 
 
 0.8 

Total operating expenses
were approximately 14.1 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of approximately 7.9 million, compared to
approximately 6.2 million for the six months ended October 31, 2023. Total operating expenses as a percentage of revenues were 23.2 
and 22.5 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable
to the increase in selling expenses, which included the increase in payroll expense, utility expense, advertising and promotion expense,
postage delivery expense and merchant service charges as result of the acquisition of Lee Lee. Payroll expense increased by 4.6
million in the six months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the six months ended October 31, 2023 due to the increase of hourly rate
and increased number of employees due to the acquisition of Lee Lee. Utility expenses increased by 0.6 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2024, as compared to the six months ended October 31, 2023. Merchant service charges increased by 0.4 million in the six
months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the six months ended October 31, 2023 due to increased sales as describe above. Other miscellaneous
expenses increased by 0.1 million in the six months ended October 31, 2024, as compared to the six months ended October 31, 2023. 

The increase in general
and administrative expenses during the six months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to increased office expenses of approximately
 508,818, increased professional fees by 625,756, increased amortization expense by 272,500 due to the new trademark acquired through
the acquisition of Lee Lee, increased insurance expense by 190,883, increased repair and maintenance expense by 337,690, increased other
miscellaneous expenses by 96,955 and decreased bad debt reversal by 167,805. 

41 

Other Income (Expenses), Net 

Other expenses were 379,419
for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compare to other income of 370,273 for the six months ended October 31, 2023. For the six months
ended October 31, 2024, other expenses mainly consisted of investment loss of 433,077 392,302 investment loss from HKGF Arcadia and
 40,775 from Alhambra Store), which was partly offset by other income of 53,658. For the six months ended October 31, 2023, other income
mainly consisted of 0.4 million ERC received, which was partly offset by investment loss from HKGF Arcadia of 12,778. The ERC is a refundable
tax credit for businesses that continued to pay employees while shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic or had significant declines in
gross receipts from March 13, 2020 to December 31, 2021. 

Interest Income (Expense), Net 

Interest expense was 425,767
for the six months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 349,236 from 76,531 for the six months ended October 31, 2023. For the six
months ended October 31, 2024, the interest expense was for the SBA Loans and note payable arising from the acquisition of Lee Lee. For
the six months ended October 31, 2023, the interest expense was for the SBA Loans and the loans with American First National Bank (the
 AFNB Loans ). The AFNB Loans were repaid in full as of April 30, 2024. 

Income Taxes Provisions 

Income tax expense was
 1,199,324 for the six months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 933,258 from income taxes expense of 266,066 for the six months
ended October 31, 2023. The increase was mainly due to increased taxable income from our stores (mainly from Lee Lee store) for the six
months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the six months ended October 31, 2023. 

Net Income (Loss 

Net income attributable
to the Company was 444,899 for the six months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 458,373, or 3,401.9 , from a 13,474 net loss attributable
to the Company for the six months ended October 31, 2023. This was mainly attributable to the reasons discussed above, which included
an increase in gross profit by 10,188,109, which was partly offset by decreased other income by 329,393, increased investment loss of
 420,299, increased interest expenses by 349,236, increased operating expenses by 7,918,946 and increased income tax expense by 933,258. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended
October 31, 2024 Compared to the Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 

As of October 31, 2024,
we had cash, cash equivalents of approximately 355,670. We had net income attributable to us of 444,899 for the six months ended October
31, 2024, and had a working capital deficit of approximately 15.6 million as of October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2024, the Company
had outstanding loan facilities of approximately 2.53 million SBA loan and 9.83 million secured senior note payable due to the
acquisition of Lee Lee. 

In assessing its liquidity,
management monitors and analyzes the Company s cash on-hand, its ability to generate sufficient revenue sources in the future, and
its operating and capital expenditure commitments. We have funded our working capital, operations and other capital requirements in the
past primarily by equity contributions from shareholders, cash flow from operations, government grants, and bank loans. Cash is required
to pay purchase costs for inventory, rental expenses, salaries, income taxes, other operating expenses and to repay debts. Our ability
to repay our current expenses and obligations will depend on the future realization of our current assets. Management has considered the
historical experience, the economy, trends in the retail grocery industry, the expected collectability of our accounts receivable and
the realization of the inventories as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024. Our ability to continue to fund these items may be
affected by general economic, competitive, and other factors, many of which are outside of our control. 

42 

On October 4, 2023, we
entered into an Underwriting Agreement with Joseph Stone Capital, LLC in connection with the Company s initial public offering (the
 IPO of 2,500,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, at a price of 4.00 per share, less underwriting discounts
and commissions. The IPO closed on October 10, 2023, and the Company received net proceeds of approximately 8.72 million, after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated IPO offering expenses payable by the Company. 

On November 22, 2023,
we entered into certain securities purchase agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements with certain investors (the
 PIPE Investors ). Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements, we sold an aggregate of 1,190,476 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, to the PIPE Investors at a per share purchase price of 4.20 (the PIPE Offering ).
The PIPE Offering closed on November 22, 2023. We received net proceeds of approximately 4.60 million, after deducting investment banker s
discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. 

We plan to acquire and open additional supermarkets, satellite stores
and warehouses to expand our footprint to both the West Coast and the East Coast. To accomplish such expansion plan, we estimate the total
related capital investment and expenditures to be approximately 35 million to 40 million, among which approximately 13 million
to 16 million will be required within the next 12 months to support our preparation and opening of new stores and acquiring
additional supermarkets on the East Coast and additional regions near California. This is based on the management s best estimate
as of the date of this Report. 

We used part of the proceeds
from our IPO to support our business expansion described above. We may also seek additional financing, to the extent needed, and there
can be no assurance that such financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. Such financing may include the use of additional
debt or the sale of additional equity securities. Any financing which involves the sale of equity securities or instruments that are convertible
into equity securities could result in immediate and possibly significant dilution to our existing shareholders. If it is determined that
the cash requirements exceed the Company s amounts of cash on hand, the Company may also seek to issue additional debt or obtain
financial support from shareholders. 

All of our business expansion
endeavors involve risks and will require significant management, human resources, and capital expenditures. There is no assurance that
the investment to be made by us as contemplated under our future expansion plans will be successful and generate the expected return.
If we are not able to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, or at all, our business, results of operations, and prospects
may be materially and adversely affected. 

The following table summarizes
our cash flow data for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Six Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 4,707,531 
 476,102 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (195,085 
 (2,958,965 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (4,157,877 
 8,514,444 
 
 Net change in cash and restricted cash 
 354,569 
 6,031,581 

Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating
activities was approximately 4.7 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024, which mainly comprised of net income of 301,731,
add-back of non-cash adjustments to net income including depreciation and amortization expense of 527,543, inventory impairment of 314,833,
bad debt expense of 62,483 and investment loss from 49 equity investee HKGF Arcadia store of 392,302 and investment loss from 10 cost
investee HKGF Alhambra store of 40,775. In addition, for the six months ended October 31, 2024, we had cash inflow from (i) decrease
to other receivables and other current assets of 599,926, (ii) increased outstanding accounts payable of 3,783,025 including accounts
payable from related parties of 120,804, (iii) increased outstanding income tax payable of 1,222,747, (iv) increased operating lease
liabilities of 268,791, and (v) increase of accrued expenses and other payables of 374,645. 

43 

However, our net cash
provided by operating activities for the six months ended October 31, 2024 was mainly offset by an increase of inventories of 2,398,913,
an increase of prepayments of 442,103, an increase of accounts receivable from related parties of 149,749, and an increase of payment
for contract liabilities of 154,898. 

Net cash provided by operating
activities was approximately 0.5 million for the six months ended October 31, 2023, which mainly comprised of net income of 64,754 with
non-cash adjustment to net income including depreciation expense of 127,451, bad debt reversal of 105,322, provision for inventory shrinkage
reversal of 3,559, investment loss of 12,778, and changes in deferred taxes of 3,667. In addition, for the six months ended October
31, 2023, we had cash inflow from decrease to outstanding accounts receivable from related parties of 129,105, decrease to inventories
on hand of 155,589, decrease to outstanding other receivables and other current assets of 268,343, an increase of operating lease liabilities
of 149,093, an increase of accrued expenses and other payables of 87,983, and an increase of taxes payables of 247,505. 

The net cash provided
by operating activities for the six months ended October 31, 2023 was mainly offset by an increase of accounts receivable of 239,161,
an increase of prepayments of 138,307, an increase of contract liabilities of 132,180 and an increase of payment to accounts payable
of 149,679. 

We had a net income before
noncontrolling interest of 301,731 for the six months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 236,977 compared with of 64,754 for the
six months ended October 31, 2023. Our cash inflow of 4,707,531 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 represented an increase of
 4,231,429 cash inflow, compared with a 476,102 cash inflow in the six months ended October 31, 2023. The increased net cash inflow for
the six months ended October 31, 2024 was mainly due to increased cash inflow from net income by 236,977 with change of non-cash adjustments
by 1,269,190, increased cash inflow from accounts receivable by 245,305, increased cash inflow from other receivables and other current
assets by 331,583, increased cash inflow from accounts payable by 3,811,900, increased cash inflow from accounts payable from related
party by 121,105, increased cash inflow from accrued expenses and other payables by 286,662, increased cash inflow from operating lease
liabilities by 119,698 and increased cash inflow from outstanding income tax payable by 975,242, which was partly offset by increased
cash outflow from accounts receivable related parties by 278,854, increased cash outflow from prepayments by 303,796 and increased
cash outflow from inventories by 2,554,502. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities was 195,085 for the six months ended October 31, 2024, which mainly consisted of store renovation and purchase of equipment
of 133,085 and investment into HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC of 62,000. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately 3.0 million for the six months ended October 31, 2023, which mainly consisted of the purchase of equipment
of 18,965, payment of intangible assets purchase of 1.5 million, and payment for 40 investment into Good Fortune Arcadia
supermarket of approximately 1.4 million. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing
activities was approximately 4.2 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024, which mainly consisted of repayment for a note payable
arising from the acquisition of Lee Lee of 5,300,000, loan to related party of 65,000 and repayment on SBA loan payable of 32,287,
which was partially offset by increase of bank overdraft of 1,225,672 and increase borrowing from related parties 13,738. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 8.5 million for the six months ended October 31, 2023, which mainly consisted of net proceeds from issuance
of common stock of approximately 8.7 million, which was partially offset by repayment on loans payable of approximately 0.2 million.

44 

Debt 

U.S. Small Business Administration
(the SBA 

On June 15, 2020,
Maison Monrovia entered into a 150,000 Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at 3.75 annual interest rate and the maturity date on June 15,
2050. 

On June 15, 2020,
Maison San Gabriel entered into a 150,000 Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at 3.75 annual interest rate and the maturity date on
June 15, 2050. On January 12, 2022, Maison San Gabriel received an extra 1,850,000 loan from the SBA at 3.75 annual interest
rate and the maturity date on June 15, 2050. 

On June 15, 2020,
Maison El Monte entered into a 150,000 Business Loan Agreement with the SBA at 3.75 annual interest rate and the maturity date on June 15,
2050. Maison El Monte received an extra 350,000 loan from the SBA at 3.75 annual interest rate and the maturity date on June 15,
2050. 

As of October 31, 2024
and April 30, 2024, the Company s aggregate balance on the three SBA loans was 2,529,012 and 2,561,299, respectively. 

Senior Secured Note Payable 

On April 8, 2024, AZLL
closed an acquisition transaction and purchased 100 of the equity interests in Lee Lee for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
 22.2 million, consisting of: (i) 7.0 million in cash paid immediately at the closing of the transaction, and (ii) the Secured Note with
an original principal amount of approximately 15.2 million pursuant to the Senior Secured Note Agreement. 

Under the Senior Secured
Note Agreement, the Secured Note will accrue interest on the outstanding principal amount at an annual interest rate of five percent (5 ).
The payment schedule of the principal amount of the Secured Note is as follows: (i) 2.5 million due and immediately payable on each of
May 8, 2024 and June 8, 2024; (ii) 1.5 million due and immediately payable on each of September 8, 2024, October 8, 2024 and November
8, 2024; (iii) 1.0 million due and immediately payable on December 8, 2024; and (iv) approximately 4.7 million due and immediately payable
on February 8, 2025. Additionally, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Senior Secured Note Agreement, the principal amount may
be adjusted to include certain Premium Guarantees (as defined in the Senior Secured Note Agreement) if certain conditions, as set forth
in the Senior Secured Note Agreement and the Stock Purchase Agreement, are not met. 

Upon an Event of Default under the Senior Secured Note
Agreement, the holders of the Secured Note will have certain rights, including the right to (i) declare all of the Obligations, as defined
in the Senior Secured Note Agreement to be immediately due and payable, and (ii) resume daily operational control of Lee Lee s operations
until such time as the Obligations, as defined in the Senior Secured Note Agreement, have been satisfied. Additionally, if an Event
of Default occurs, the outstanding principal amount will bear interest at the simple interest rate of 10 percent (10 per annum,
from the date of such Event of Default until all such sum are fully paid. 

On June 10, 2024, Lee Lee filed a Statement of Conversion with the
Arizona Corporation Commission (the ACC converting Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, Inc. into Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, LLC,
an Arizona limited liability company (the Conversion ). Following the Conversion, AZLL filed a Statement of Merger with the
ACC, pursuant to which Lee Lee merged into AZLL, effective August 28, 2024 (the Merger ). On September 9, 2024, AZLL filed
a Statement of Division with the ACC resulting in the restoration of both Lee Lee and AZLL as separate legal entities (the Division ).
The Conversion, the Merger and the Division are herein referred to collectively as the Lee Lee Reorganization. 

On October 21, 2024, Lee
Lee, AZLL, the Company and the Holders entered into the First Amendment to Senior Secured Note Agreement (the First Amendment ),
which amends that certain Senior Secured Note Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2024.Among other things, the First Amendment amends the
Secured Note to (i) reflect the Lee Lee Reorganization, (ii) modify certain cure periods pursuant to an Event of Default 
under the Secured Note, and (iii) include certain covenants and representations with respect to the Lee Lee Reorganization. Additionally,
pursuant to the First Amendment, Lee Lee, AZLL and the Company irrevocably waive and forfeit any and all defenses, causes or remedies
which may have arisen or may arise as a result of the Lee Lee Reorganization in relation to any action or enforcement of any rights, remedies
or provisions of the Secured Note, the Security Agreement and/or otherwise at law taken by the Holders. 

45 

On October 21, 2024, following
the execution of the First Amendment, Lee Lee, AZLL and the Holders entered into the Second Amendment to the Senior Secured Note Agreement
(the Second Amendment ). Among other things, the Second Amendment: (i) increases the annual interest rate on the outstanding
Principal Amount, effective as of October 8, 2024, to ten percent (10 ); (ii) amends the payment schedule of the principal and interest
amounts to be due every Monday of each week starting on October 14, 2024, as set forth in Exhibit A of the Second Amendment; (iii) amends
the definition of Events of Default and (iv) increases the Default Rate to fourteen percent (14 per annum. Additionally,
pursuant to the Second Amendment, upon execution of the Second Amendment, the Company paid a restructuring fee of 40,000 to the Holders. 

As of October 31, 2024,
the Company had an outstanding note payable of 9,826,065 to the sellers of Lee Lee. The Company is required to repay the full amount
before May 5, 2025. 

On April 8, 2024, in connection
with the execution of the Senior Secured Note Agreement, and pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, AZLL entered into a guarantee (the
 AZLL Guarantee to and for the benefit of the Sellers, pursuant to which AZLL unconditionally guarantees the payment by
Lee Lee of the principal amount of the Secured Note, as adjusted pursuant to the Secured Note and the faithful and prompt performance
by Lee Lee of the conditions and covenants of the Secured Note. 

Also on April 8, 2024,
in connection with the execution of the Senior Secured Note Agreement, and pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, John Jun Xu, Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and controlling stockholder of the Company, and Grace Xu, spouse of John Jun Xu (together with John Jun Xu, the
 Xu Guarantors ), entered into a guarantee (the Xu Guarantee and, together with the AZLL Guarantee, the Guarantees to and for the benefit of the Sellers, pursuant to which the Xu Guarantors unconditionally guarantee the payment by Lee Lee of the principal
amount of the Secured Note, as adjusted pursuant to the Secured Note and the faithful and prompt performance by Lee Lee of the conditions
and covenants of the Secured Note. 

On October 21, 2024, AZLL
entered into a First Amendment to Guarantee of Note (the AZLL Guarantee Amendment ), which amends the AZLL Guarantee to reflect
the Lee Lee Reorganization. Additionally, pursuant to the AZLL Guarantee Amendment, AZLL irrevocably waives any and all defenses, causes
or remedies which may have arisen or may arise as a result of the Lee Lee Reorganization in relation to any action or enforcement of any
rights, remedies or provisions of the AZLL Guarantee, the Secured Note, the Security Agreement and/or otherwise at law taken by the Holders. 

On October 21, 2024, the Xu Guarantors entered into a First Amendment
to Guarantee of Note (the Xu Guarantee Amendment and, together with the AZLL Guarantee Amendment, the Guarantee Amendments ),
which amends the Xu Guarantee to reflect the Lee Lee Reorganization. Additionally, pursuant to the Xu Guarantee Amendment, the Xu Guarantors
irrevocably waive any and all defenses, causes or remedies which may have arisen or may arise as a result of the Lee Lee Reorganization
in relation to any action or enforcement of any rights, remedies or provisions of the Xu Guarantee, the Secured Note, the Security Agreement
and/or otherwise at law taken by the Holders. 

Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

The following table presents
the Company s material contractual obligations as of October 31, 2024: 

Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 3 years 
 3 5 years 
 Thereafter 
 
 Senior secured note payable 
 9,826,065 
 9,826,065 

SBA loan 
 2,529,012 
 66,160 
 138,963 
 148,393 
 2,175,496 
 
 Operating lease obligations and others 
 42,050,807 
 4,138,759 
 8,515,947 
 6,415,003 
 22,981,098 

54,405,884 
 14,030,984 
 8,654,910 
 6,563,396 
 25,156,594 

Contingencies 

The Company is otherwise periodically involved in various legal proceedings
that are incidental to the conduct of its business, including, but not limited to, employment discrimination claims, customer injury claims,
and investigations. When the potential liability from a matter can be estimated and the loss is considered probable, the Company records
the estimated loss. Due to uncertainties related to the resolution of lawsuits, investigations, and claims, the ultimate outcome may differ
from the estimates. Although the Company cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of any lawsuits, investigations, and claims
asserted against it, management does not believe any currently pending legal proceeding to which the Company is a party will have a material
adverse effect on its financial statements. Additional information regarding our legal proceedings can be found in Note 17 Commitments
and Contingencies to the consolidated financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

46 

On January 2, 2024, the
Company and our executive officers and directors, as well as Joseph Stone Capital LLC, and AC Sunshine Securities LLC, the underwriters
in the Company s initial public offering (together, the Defendants ), were named in a class action complaint filed
in the Supreme Court of the State of New York alleging violations of Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Ilsan
Kim v. Maison Solutions Inc., et. al , Index No. 150024/2024). As relief, the plaintiffs are seeking, among other things, compensatory
damages. On or about April 17, 2024, the parties agreed to stay the action in favor of the Rick Green matter described immediately below. 

On January 4, 2024, the
Defendants were named in a class action complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California alleging
violations of Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as well as violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Rick Green and Evgenia Nikitina v. Maison Solutions Inc., et. al ., Case No. 2:24-cv-00063). As
relief, the plaintiffs are seeking, among other things, compensatory damages. 

The Company and Defendants
believe the allegations in both complaints are without merit and intend to defend each suit vigorously. It is reasonably possible
that a loss may be incurred; however, the possible range of losses is not reasonably estimable given the pending status of the cases. 

On April 9, 2024, a shareholder derivative action
was brought by Shah Azad derivatively on behalf of the Company against John Xu, Tao Han, Alexandria Lopez, Bin Wang, Mark Willis, and
Xiaoxia Zhang, and the Company itself as a nominal defendant. The complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Central
District of California, Case No. 2:24-cv-02897. On April 12, 2024, another derivative complaint was filed by Arnab Baral in the United
States District Court Central District of California, Case No. 2:24-cv-03018. The two cases have since been consolidated, with the Azad case
taking the lead. The lawsuits allege breaches of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, unjust enrichment, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate
assets, and contribution under Section 11(f) of the Securities Act and Section 21D of the Exchange Act. The claims arise from the allegations
underlying the class action securities lawsuits. On July 19, 2024, the Court ordered the Azad case stayed until a motion to dismiss is
heard in the class action securities action. The Company is not able to make a reasonable estimate about the amount of contingent loss
of these cases at current stage. 

On September 8, 2023, a complaint was filed by
former employee against Maison San Gabriel for wrongful termination and labor law violation. Maison San Gabriel filed a general denial
in November 2023. Status conference is scheduled for July 1, 2025, and final status conference is scheduled for February 26, 2026. Trial
is schedule for March 9, 2026. In the complaint, the plaintiff s counsel asked for a range of 300,000 to 3,000,000. It is too
premature at this state of litigation to estimate the chance of prevailing. 

On January 22, 2024, a small claim complaint was
filed against Maison Monterey Park for unpaid invoice. The Court granted plaintiff a judgement against Maison Monterey Park for 5,128
on April 25, 2024. The Court granted plaintiff a judgment against defendant in the amount of 5,128 on April 25, 2024, which was then
set aside on October 30, 2024 and schedule for trial on December 5, 2024. On December 5, 2024, the Court ruled that Maison Monterey Park
does not owe plaintiff any money. 

On September 3, 2024, a claim was filed against Maison El Monte alleging
violations of the Unruh Civil Rights Act and the California Disabled Persons Act for building not having adequate access for disabilities.
The case Management Conference is scheduled for January 30, 2025. The management is not able to estimate the outcome of the case due to
early stage of the case. 

On October 17, 2024, a complaint was filed against HKGF Alhambra, HKGF
Arcadia, Maison El Monte, Maison San Gabriel, Maison Monrovia, Maison Monterey Park and Tion Hin for unpaid invoices of seafood purchase
for 115,388.39. The case management conference is scheduled for March 28, 2025. The management is not able to estimate the outcome of
the case due to early stage of the case. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company has guaranteed
all of the loans described above, and Mr. John Xu, the Company s CEO, Chairman and President, has personally guaranteed the
loans with the SBA. The Company does not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably likely
to have, a current or future material effect on its financial condition. 

47 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

This item is not required for smaller reporting
companies. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation and the material weaknesses described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of October 31, 2024 due to the previously identified
material weaknesses described below. 

As described in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2024, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of April 30, 2024 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the control deficiencies identified during this
evaluation and set forth below, our management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of April 30, 2024 due to the existence of previously identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as
described below. 

As set forth below, management
will continue to take steps to remediate the control deficiencies identified below. Notwithstanding the control deficiencies described
below, we have performed additional analyses and other procedures to enable management to conclude that our consolidated financial statements
included in this Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the
quarter ended October 31, 2024. 

Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As previously reported, management has determined
that the Company has the following material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting, which continue to exist as of
October 31, 2024, as related to: (i) insufficient full-time employees with the necessary levels of accounting expertise and knowledge
to compile and analyze consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP and address complex accounting
issues under U.S. GAAP; (ii) the lack of timely related party transaction monitoring and the failure to keep a related party list and
keep records of related party transactions on a regular basis; (iii) the failure to keep an up-to-date perpetual inventory control system
or timely perform company-wide inventory count at or near its fiscal year-end date. Specifically, maintaining records for inbound warehouse
purchases or have specialized personnel to scan goods into the warehouse on a timely basis; (iv) the lack of adequate policies and procedures
in control environment and control activities to ensure that the Company s policies and procedures have been carried out as planned;
(v) information technology general control in the areas of: (1) Risk and Vulnerability Assessment; (2) Selection and Management/Monitoring
of Critical Vendors; (3) System Development and Change Management; (4) Backup Management; (5) System Security Access: Deficiency
in the Area of Audit Trail Record Control, Password Management, Vulnerability Scanning or Penetration Testing; (6) Segregation of Duties,
Privileged Access, and Monitoring Controls; and (7) System Monitoring and Incident Management; and (vi) accounting personnel have the
ability in the accounting system to prepare, review, and post the same accounting journal entry. 

48 

Plan of Remediation of Material Weakness
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

As previously reported
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, following the identification and communication of the material
weaknesses, management commenced remediation actions relating to the material weaknesses beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year
2024. 

We have taken, and are
taking, certain actions to remediate the material weakness related to our lack of U.S. GAAP experience. We plan to hire additional credentialed
professional staff and consulting professionals with greater knowledge and experience of U.S. GAAP and related regulatory requirements
to oversee our financial reporting process in order to ensure our compliance with U.S. GAAP and other relevant securities laws. In addition,
we plan to provide additional training to our accounting personnel on U.S. GAAP, and other regulatory requirements regarding the preparation
of financial statements. Until such time as we hire qualified accounting personnel with the requisite U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience
and train our current accounting personnel, we have engaged an outside CPA with U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to supplement our current
internal accounting personnel and assist us in the preparation of our financial statements to ensure that our financial statements are
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except as described above. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible
controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

49 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Information regarding our legal proceedings can
be found in Note 17 Commitments and Contingencies to the
consolidated financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not required for a smaller reporting company. However,
as of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended April 30, 2024. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

50 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 First Amendment to Senior Secured Note Agreement, dated October 21, 2024, by and between Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, LLC, AZLL LLC, Maison Solutions Inc., Meng Truong and Paulina Truong (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Second Amendment to Senior Secured Note Agreement, dated October 21, 2024, by and between Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, LLC, AZLL LLC, Meng Truong and Paulina Truong (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated October 21, 2024, by and between Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, LLC, AZLL LLC, Meng Truong and Paulina Truong (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2024). 
 
 10.4 
 
 First Amendment to AZLL Guarantee Agreement, dated October 21, 2024, by AZLL LLC to and for the benefit of Meng Truong and Paulina Truong (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2024). 
 
 10.5 
 
 First Amendment to Xu Guarantee Agreement, dated October 21, 2024, by John Jun Xu and Grace Xu to and for the benefit of Meng Truing and Paulina Truong (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

51 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MAISON SOLUTIONS INC. 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ John Xu 

Name: 
 John Xu 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Alexandria M. Lopez 

Name: 
 Alexandria M. Lopez 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

52 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022481301ex31-1_maison.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, John Xu, certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maison Solutions Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ John Xu 

John Xu 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022481301ex31-2_maison.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Alexandria M. Lopez, certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maison Solutions Inc.; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Alexandria M. Lopez 

Alexandria M. Lopez 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022481301ex32-1_maison.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 

 TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maison Solutions Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended October 31, 2024, as filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ John Xu 

John Xu 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022481301ex32-2_maison.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 

 TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Maison Solutions Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended October 31, 2024, as filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Alexandria M. Lopez 

Alexandria M. Lopez 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mss-20241031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mss-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mss-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mss-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mss-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

