<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1137547_0001137547-24-000167.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15683889</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133483</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1538368</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8636506</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2390839</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2531622</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001137547-24-000167.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106170704
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001137547-24-000167
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED SECURITY BANCSHARES
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001137547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				912112732
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32897
		FILM NUMBER:		241432124

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2126 INYO STREET
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93721
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5594906261

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2126 INYO STREET
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93721

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001137547-24-000167.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 ubfo-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ubfo-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO . 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 CALIFORNIA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a small reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 Common Stock, no par value 
 (Title of Class) 
 
 Shares outstanding as of October 31, 2024: 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Overview 
 33 
 Results of Operations 
 35 
 Financial Condition 
 43 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 51 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 53 
 PART II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 55 
 Signatures 
 56 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. Financial Information 
 Item 1 - Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 (In thousands except shares) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities (at fair value) Available-for-sale (AFS) securities (at fair-value) net of allowance for credit losses of (amortized cost of and 
 Marketable equity securities Total investment securities Loans Unearned fees and unamortized loan origination costs - net ) ) Allowance for credit losses - loans ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment - net Accrued interest receivable Other real estate owned Goodwill Investment in limited partnerships Deferred tax assets - net Cash surrender value of life insurance - net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities Shareholders Equity Liabilities Deposits Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Short-term borrowings Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Junior subordinated debentures (at fair value) Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 17 
 par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding: at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands, except shares and EPS) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest Income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on investment securities Interest on deposits at other banks Total interest income Interest Expense: Interest on deposits Interest on other borrowed funds Total interest expense Net Interest Income Provision for credit losses Net Interest Income after Provision for Credit Losses Noninterest Income: Customer service fees Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance Unrealized gain (loss) on fair value of marketable equity securities ) ) Gain on proceeds from bank-owned life insurance Gain (loss) on fair value of junior subordinated debentures ) ) Gain on sale of assets Other Total noninterest income Noninterest Expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy expense Data processing Professional fees Regulatory assessments Director fees Correspondent bank service charges Net cost of operation of OREO Other Total noninterest expense Income before provision for taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net Income per common share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Unrealized gain on unrecognized post-retirement costs Unrealized (loss) gain on junior subordinated debentures ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Tax (expense) benefit related to available-for-sale securities 
 ) ) Tax expense related to unrecognized post-retirement costs ) ) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) related to junior subordinated debentures ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Dollars in thousands) Number of Shares Amount Total Balance June 30, 2023 ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends payable per share) 
 ) ) Restricted stock units released Stock-based compensation expense Net income Balance September 30, 2023 ) Balance June 30, 2024 ) Other comprehensive income Dividends payable per share) 
 ) ) Restricted stock units released Restricted stock awards granted Stock-based compensation expense Net income Balance September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income (Dollars in thousands) Number of Shares Amount Total Balance December 31, 2022 ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Dividends paid and payable per share) 
 ) ) Restricted stock units released Tax benefit from restricted stock units released ) ) Stock options exercised Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative effect of CECL adoption ) ) Net income Balance September 30, 2023 ) Balance December 31, 2023 ) Other comprehensive income Dividends paid and payable per share) 
 ) ) Restricted stock units released Restricted stock awards granted Stock-based compensation expense Net income Balance September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Noncash lease expense Amortization of premium/discount on investment securities, net Operating lease payments ) ) (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable ) Increase in accrued interest payable (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Increase (decrease) in unearned fees and unamortized loan origination costs, net ) Decrease (increase) in income taxes receivable ) (Gain) loss on marketable equity securities ) Stock-based compensation expense Benefit for deferred income taxes ) Gain on bank owned life insurance ) Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) (Gain) loss on fair value option of junior subordinated debentures ) Net decrease (increase) in other assets ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Purchase of correspondent bank stock ) ) Maturities of available-for-sale securities Principal payments of available-for-sale securities Net (increase) decrease in loans ) Investment in limited partnership ) ) Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance 
 Capital expenditures of premises and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net increase (decrease) in demand deposits and savings accounts ) Net increase in time deposits Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 United Security Bancshares and Subsidiaries - Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - (Unaudited) 

1. 

2. 
 
 ) U.S. Government-sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total securities available-for-sale ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (Carrying Amount) Securities available-for-sale: U.S. Government agencies ) U.S. Government-sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Municipal bonds ) Corporate bonds ) Total securities available-for-sale ) 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Collateralized mortgage obligations 
 
 There were no proceeds or realized gains or losses from the sale or call of available-for-sale securities for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, or September 30, 2023. 
 
 As market interest rates or risks associated with a security s issuer continue to change and impact the actual or perceived values of investment securities, the Company may determine that selling these securities and using the proceeds to purchase securities that better fit with the Company s current risk profile is appropriate and beneficial to the Company. There were no losses recorded due to credit-related factors for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, or September 30, 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, available-for-sale securities with an amortized cost of approximately million and a fair value of million were pledged as collateral for short-term borrowings, securitized deposits, and public funds balances. At December 31, 2023, available-for-sale securities with an amortized cost of approximately million and a fair value of million were pledged as collateral for short-term borrowings, securitized deposits, and public funds balances. 
 
 ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations ) ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) December 31, 2023 U.S. Government agencies ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Municipal bonds ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations Municipal bonds Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury securities Total available for sale 
 
 Management has evaluated each available-for-sale investment security in an unrealized loss position to determine if it would be required to sell the security before the fair value increases to amortized cost and whether any unrealized losses are due to credit losses or noncredit factors such as current market rates, which would not require the establishment of an allowance for credit losses. At September 30, 2024, the decline in fair value of the available-for-sale securities is attributed to changes in interest rates and not credit quality. These declines are primarily the result of the fast pace and large increases in interest rates during the last two years, which have led to decreases in bond prices and increases in yields. Because the Company does not intend to sell these securities, and because it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell these securities before their anticipated recovery, the Company did not consider it necessary to provide an allowance for any available-for-sale security at September 30, 2024, or December 31, 2023. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized unrealized gains of and unrealized losses of , respectively, related to one mutual fund included in marketable equity securities. During the quarters ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized unrealized gains of and unrealized losses of , respectively, related to the same mutual fund. 
 
 The Company had held-to-maturity or trading securities at September 30, 2024, or December 31, 2023. 

3. 
 
 Government program loans 
 The Company s directly originated loans are predominantly in the San Joaquin Valley and the greater Oakhurst/East Madera County area, as well as the Campbell area of Santa Clara County. The Company s residential mortgage loans and participation loans with other financial institutions are primarily within the state of California. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and standby letters of credit of million and million for the same period ends, respectively. These instruments involve elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. The contract amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of the Company s involvement in off-balance sheet financial instruments. 
 
 The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to these financial instruments is represented by the contractual amounts of those instruments. The Company applies the same credit policies used for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 
 Commitments to extend credit continue as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the customer s contract. Substantially all of these commitments are at floating interest rates based on the prime rate and generally have fixed expiration dates. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis and requires collateral in some cases. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, leases, property, plant and equipment, residential real estate, and income-producing properties. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are generally unsecured and are issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate loans Residential mortgages Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development loans Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total loans 
 
 The following is a summary of the amortized cost of delinquent loans, net of unearned fees and costs, at December 31, 2023: 
 (In thousands) Loans 30-60 Days Past Due Loans 61-89 Days Past Due Loans 90 or More Days Past Due Total Past Due Loans Current Loans Total Loans Accruing Loans 90 or More Days Past Due Commercial and business loans Government program loans Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate loans Residential mortgages Home improvement and home equity loans Total real estate mortgage Real estate construction and development loans Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total loans 
 
 Nonaccrual Loans 
 
 Loans are placed on nonaccrual status under the following circumstances: 
 
 - When there is doubt regarding the full repayment of interest and principal. 
 
 - When principal and/or interest on the loan has been in default for days or more, unless the asset is both well-secured and in the process of collection that will result in repayment in the near future. 
 
 - When the loan is identified as having loss elements and/or is risk rated grade 8 (doubtful). 
 12 

Table of Contents 

monthly payments on a loan with monthly amortization. There was no interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 
 There were remaining undisbursed commitments to extend credit on nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2024, or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Agricultural loans Installment and student loans Total 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 As part of its credit monitoring program, the Company utilizes a risk rating system to quantify the risk the Company estimates it has assumed during the life of a loan. This system rates the strength of the borrower and the facility or transaction, and is designed to provide a program for risk management and early detection of problems. 
 
 For each new credit approval, credit extension, renewal, or modification of existing credit facilities, the Company assigns risk ratings utilizing the rating scale identified in this policy. In addition, on an ongoing basis, loans and credit facilities are reviewed for internal and external influences impacting the credit facility that would warrant a change in the risk rating. Each credit facility is given a risk rating that takes into account factors that materially affect credit quality. 
 
 When assigning risk ratings, the Company evaluates risk-rating approaches; a facility rating and a borrower rating. 
 
 Facility Rating: 
 
 The facility rating is determined by the analysis of positive and negative factors that may indicate that the quality of a particular loan or credit arrangement requires a different risk rating than that assigned to the borrower. The Company assesses the risk impact of these factors: 
 
 Collateral - The rating may be affected by the type and quality of the collateral, the degree of coverage, the economic life of the collateral, the liquidation value, and the Company's ability to dispose of the collateral. 
 
 Guarantees - The value of third-party support arrangements varies widely. Unconditional guarantees from persons with demonstrable ability to perform are more substantial than that of persons closely-related to the borrower who offer only modest support. 
 
 Unusual Terms - Credit may be extended on terms that subject the Company to a higher level of risk than indicated in the rating of the borrower. 
 
 Borrower Rating: 
 
 The borrower rating is a measure of loss possibility based on the historical, current, and anticipated financial characteristics of the borrower in the current risk environment. To determine the rating, the Company considers the following factors: 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 , recent earnings trends, while perhaps somewhat cyclical, are improving, and cash flows are adequate to cover debt service and fixed obligations. Real estate and asset borrowers who fully comply with all underwriting standards and are performing according to projections are assigned this rating. These also include grade 5 loans which are leveraged or on management s watch list. While still considered pass loans, the borrower s financial condition, cash flow, or operations evidence more than average risk and short-term weaknesses. These loans warrant a higher-than-average level of monitoring, supervision, and attention from the Company, but do not reflect credit weakness trends that weaken or inadequately protect the Company s credit position. Loans with a grade 5 rating are not normally acceptable as new credits unless they are adequately secured or carry substantial endorser/guarantors. 
 
 Special Mention Rating: 
 
 - Grade 6 This grade includes loans that are currently protected but potentially weak. This is generally an interim classification and these loans will typically be upgraded to an acceptable rating or downgraded to a substandard rating within a reasonable time period. Weaknesses in special mention loans may, if not checked or corrected, weaken the asset or inadequately protect the Company s credit position at some future date. Special mention loans are often loans with weaknesses inherent in the loan origination and loan servicing, and may have some technical deficiencies. This designation indicates a distinct probability that the classification will deteriorate to a more adverse class if the noted deficiencies are not addressed by the loan officer or loan management. 
 
 Substandard Rating: 
 
 - Grade 7 This grade includes substandard loans that are inadequately supported by the current sound net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard loans have a well-defined weakness, or 
 14 

Table of Contents 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Government program Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential mortgages Not graded Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Home improvement and home equity Not graded Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Real estate construction and development Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Installment and student loans Not graded Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Total loans outstanding (risk rating): Not graded Pass Special Mention Substandard Grand total loans Total current period gross charge-offs 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Government program Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential mortgages Not graded Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Home improvement and home equity Not graded Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Agricultural Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Installment and student loans Not graded Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Current period gross charge-offs Total loans outstanding (risk rating): Not graded Pass Special Mention Substandard Grand total loans Total current period gross charge-offs 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 The Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instrument-Credit Losses (Topic 326), effective January 1, 2023. This loss measurement, which uses the current expected credit loss (CECL) cohort methodology analysis, relies on segmenting the loan portfolio into pools with similar risks, tracking the performance of the pools over time, and using the data to determine pool loss experience. Management estimates the allowance for credit loss balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The cumulative loss rate used as the basis for the estimate of credit losses is comprised of the Company s historical loss experience from 2006 to the most recent quarter. The Company expects that the markets in which it operates will experience a slight decline in economic conditions and an increase in unemployment rates and levels and trends of delinquencies over the next two years. Management has adjusted the historical loss experience for these expectations. 
 
 The Company analyzes risk characteristics inherent in each loan portfolio segment as part of the quarterly review of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses on loans. The following summarizes some of the key risk characteristics for the segments of the loan portfolio: 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Provision (reversal) for credit losses (1) 
 ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 
 (1) There was also a reversal of provision of for unfunded loan commitments and a provision for overdrafts of during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Commercial and Industrial Real Estate Mortgage Real Estate Construction Development Agricultural Installment and Student Loans Total Beginning balance Provision (reversal) for credit losses (1) 
 ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 
 (1) There was provision for unfunded loan commitments during the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Provision (reversal) for credit losses (1) 
 ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 
 (1) There was also a reversal of provision of for unfunded loan commitments and a provision for overdrafts of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (In thousands) Commercial and Industrial Real Estate Mortgage Real Estate Construction Development Agricultural Installment and Student Loans Total Beginning balance Impact of ASC 326 adoption Provision (reversal) for credit losses (1) 
 ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 
 (1) There was also a provision of for unfunded loan commitments during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Collateral-Dependent Loans 
 
 A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. 
 
 Agricultural loans Total 
 
 Reserve for Unfunded Commitments 
 
 The allowance for off-balance sheet credit exposure relates to commitments to extend credit, letters of credit, and undisbursed funds on lines of credit. The Company evaluates credit risk associated with the off-balance sheet loan commitments in the same manner as it evaluates credit risk within the loan portfolio. There was a reversal of provision of for unfunded loan commitments made during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, decreasing the liability balance to . For the quarter ended September 30, 2023, there was provision made for unfunded loan commitments. The balance for unfunded loan commitments totaled at September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, a reversal of provision of and a provision of were made, respectively, for unfunded loan commitments. The reserve for the unfunded loan commitments is a liability on the Company s consolidated financial statements and is included in other liabilities. 
 
 Loan Modifications 
 
 Occasionally, the Company modifies loans to borrowers in financial distress by providing principal forgiveness, term extension, and other-than-insignificant payment delay or interest rate reduction. When principal forgiveness is provided, the amount of forgiveness is charged off against the allowance for credit losses. There was one loan modification made during the nine 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Principal Forgiveness Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Loans Outstanding Commercial and business loans 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (In thousands) Principal Forgiveness Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Payment Delay Total of Loans Outstanding Commercial and business loans 

4. 
 
 million and million in student loans at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, made to medical and pharmacy school students. Upon graduation, the loan is automatically placed in a grace period of six months. This may be extended up to 48 months for graduates enrolling in internships, medical residency, or fellowship programs. As approved, the student may receive additional deferment for hardship or administrative reasons in the form of forbearance for a maximum of 36 months throughout the life of the loan. Student loans have not been originated or purchased since 2019. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the reserve against the student loan portfolio was million and million, respectively. At September 30, 2024, there were in student loans in the substandard category. At December 31, 2023, there were in student loans included in the substandard category. 
 
 Grace Repayment Deferment Forbearance Total 
 
 School - The time in which the borrower is still actively in school at least half-time. No payments are expected during this stage, though the borrower may make payments during this time. 
 
 Grace - A six-month period of time granted upon graduation, or end of active-student status, during which payment is not required but interest continues to accrue. Upon completion of the six-month grace period, the loan is transferred to repayment status. This status may also represent an in-school borrower activated to military duty. The borrower must return to at least half-time status within six months of their active-duty end date to return to in-school status. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

in accrued interest receivable was reversed, due to charge-offs of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in accrued interest receivable was reversed, due to charge-offs of million. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, in accrued interest receivable was reversed, due to charge-offs of , and in accrued interest receivable was reversed, due to charge-offs of , respectively. 
 
 31 - 60 days 61 - 90 days 91 - 120 days Total 

5. 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits: NOW and money market accounts Savings accounts Time deposits: Under 250,000 250,000 and over Total interest-bearing deposits Total deposits 
 
 million in interest-bearing, brokered demand deposit accounts. At December 31, 2023, the Company held brokered deposits. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 
 Balance outstanding Federal Home Loan Bank: Credit limit Balance outstanding Collateral pledged Federal Reserve Bank: Credit limit Balance outstanding Collateral pledged 
 
 million. All lines of credit are on an as available basis and can be revoked by the grantor at any time. These lines of credit have interest rates that are generally tied to the Federal Funds rate or are indexed to short-term U.S. Treasury rates or SOFR. At September 30, 2024, pledged collateral at the Federal Home Loan Bank consisted of million in available-for-sale investment securities and million in loan balances. Pledged collateral at the Federal Reserve Bank consisted of million in available-for-sale investment securities and million in loan balances. At December 31, 2023, million in loans and million in available-for-sale investment securities were pledged as collateral for FHLB advances. Additionally, million in loans and million in available-for-sale investment securities were pledged as collateral for advances at the Federal Reserve Bank. 

7. 
 
 operating leases and financing leases. 
 
 Variable lease expense Total 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term in years for operating leases Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Less: present value discount ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments 

8. 
 Income taxes Noncash investing activities: ROU asset recognized Impact of ASC 326 CECL adoption Unrealized gain on unrecognized post-retirement costs, net of tax Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) Unrealized (loss) gain on junior subordinated debentures, net of tax ) Cash dividend declared 

9. 
 
 per share on the Company s common stock. The dividend was payable on October 23, 2024, to shareholders of record as of October 7, 2024. Approximately million was transferred from retained earnings to dividends payable as of September 30, 2024, to allow for distribution of the dividend to shareholders. 
 
 The Company has a program to repurchase up to million of its outstanding common stock. The timing of the purchases will depend on certain factors including, but not limited to, market conditions and prices, available funds, and alternative uses of capital. The stock repurchase program may be carried out through open-market purchases, block trades, or negotiated private transactions. For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, shares have been repurchased. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 
 Weighted average shares issued and outstanding Add: dilutive effect of stock options and unvested restricted stock Weighted average shares outstanding adjusted for potential dilution Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Weighted average anti-dilutive shares excluded from earnings per share calculation 

11. 
 recorded valuation allowance. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by taxing authorities for years before 2019 and 2018 for Federal and California jurisdictions, respectively. 
 
 The Company s policy is to recognize any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties recognized on uncertain tax positions during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The Company reported a provision for income taxes of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to million for the comparable period of 2023. The effective tax rate was for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to for the for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to for the comparable period of 2023. 

12. 
 million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. The Company may redeem the junior subordinated debentures at any time at par. 
 
 The Company accounts for its junior subordinated debt issued under USB Capital Trust II at fair value. The Company believes the election of fair value accounting for the junior subordinated debentures better reflects the true economic value of the debt instrument on the consolidated balance sheet. As of September 30, 2024, the rate paid on the junior subordinated debt issued under USB Capital Trust II is the forward 3-month SOFR rate of plus basis points and is adjusted quarterly. At December 31, 2023, the rate paid on the junior subordinated debt was the forward 3-month SOFR rate of plus basis points 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 discount rate used at September 30, 2024 represents an investor s yield based on current market assumptions. At December 31, 2023, the discount rate was . At September 30, 2024, the total cumulative gain recorded on the debt was million. 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) gain ) ) Recognized gain (loss) on fair value ) ) Cumulative gain recorded Discount rate 
 
 The net fair value calculation performed as of September 30, 2024, resulted in a net pretax loss adjustment of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net pretax gain adjustment of for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the net fair value loss adjustment was separately presented as a gain, net of tax) recognized on the consolidated statements of income, and a loss, net of tax) associated with the instrument-specific credit risk recognized in other comprehensive income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the net fair value gain adjustment was separately presented as a loss, net of tax) recognized on the consolidated statements of income, and a gain, net of tax) associated with the instrument-specific credit risk recognized in other comprehensive income. The Company calculated the change in the discounted cash flows based on updated market credit spreads for the periods indicated. 

13. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Marketable equity securities Loans, net Financial Liabilities: Time deposits Short-term borrowings Junior subordinated debt 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Quoted Prices In Active Markets for Identical Assets Level 1 Significant Other Observable Inputs Level 2 Significant Unobservable Inputs Level 3 Financial Assets: Investment securities Marketable equity securities Loans, net Financial Liabilities: Time deposits Short-term borrowings Junior subordinated debt 
 
 The Company performs fair value measurements on certain assets and liabilities as the result of the application of current accounting guidelines. Some fair value measurements, such as those on investment securities and junior subordinated debt, are performed on a recurring basis, while others, such as evaluations of loans, other real estate owned, goodwill, and other intangibles, are performed on a nonrecurring basis. 
 
 Level 1 financial assets consist of money market funds and highly liquid mutual funds for which fair values are based on quoted market prices. 
 Level 2 financial assets include highly liquid debt instruments of U.S. government agencies, collateralized mortgage obligations, and debt obligations of states and political subdivisions, whose fair values are obtained from readily-available pricing sources for the identical or similar underlying security that may or may not be actively traded. 
 Level 3 financial assets include certain instruments where the assumptions may be made by the Company or third parties about assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
 
 The Company recognizes transfers between Levels 1, 2, and 3 when a change in circumstances warrants a transfer. There were no transfers between fair value measurement classifications during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, or the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used in estimating the fair values of financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis: 
 
 Investment Securities - Available-for-sale and marketable equity security values are based on open-market price quotes obtained from reputable third-party brokers. Market pricing is based upon specific CUSIP identification for each individual 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government collateralized mortgage obligations Municipal bonds Corporate bond Total AFS securities Marketable equity securities Total 
 Liabilities: Junior subordinated debt Total 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government collateralized mortgage obligations Municipal bonds Treasury securities Corporate bonds Total AFS securities Marketable equity securities Total 
 
 Liabilities: Junior subordinated debt Total 
 
 There were no non-recurring fair value adjustments at September 30, 2024, or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Junior Subordinated Debt Discounted cash flow Market credit risk-adjusted spreads 
 
 Management believes that the credit risk-adjusted spread utilized in the fair value measurement of the junior subordinated debentures is indicative of the nonperformance risk premium a willing market participant would require under current, inactive market conditions. Management attributes the change in fair value of the junior subordinated debentures to market changes in the nonperformance expectations and pricing of this type of debt. Generally, an increase in the credit risk-adjusted spread and/or a decrease in the forward three-month SOFR curve will result in a positive fair value adjustment and a decrease in the fair value measurement. Conversely, a decrease in the credit risk adjusted spread and/or an increase in the forward three-month SOFR curve will result in a negative fair value adjustment and an increase in the fair value measurement. The decrease in discount rate between the periods ended September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, is primarily due to decreases in rates for similar debt instruments. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Gross (gain) loss included in earnings ) ) Gross loss (gain) related to changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) ) Increase in accrued interest Ending balance Amount of total (gain) loss for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to liabilities held at the reporting date ) ) 

14. 
 
 million in connection with various business combinations and purchases. This amount was unchanged from the balance of million at December 31, 2023. The Company conducts impairment analysis on goodwill both annually and in the event of triggering events, if any. The Company performed an analysis of goodwill impairment and concluded goodwill was not impaired as of December 31, 2023, with no triggering events occurring through the period ended September 30, 2024. 

15. ) ) ) Current period comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 

16. 
 
 unimproved lots at a historical cost of million comprised of approximately acres in the York Highlands subdivision of the Monterra Ranch residential development in Monterey County, California, together with cash contributions. The Bank transferred the properties to York Monterey Properties, Inc., to maintain ownership beyond the ten-year regulatory holding period applicable to a state bank. The Bank acquired of the lots through a non-judicial foreclosure on or about May 29, 2009. In addition, the Bank purchased of the lots from another bank. The Bank has continuously held the Properties from the date of foreclosure and acquisition until the time of transfer. At the time of transfer, the Properties had reached the end of the ten-year regulatory holding period limit. 
 
 million. York Monterey Properties, Inc., is included within the consolidated financial statements of the Company, with of the total investment recognized within the balance of other real estate owned on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 
 Standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer, as long as conditions established in the contract have not been violated. These commitments are floating-rate instruments based on the current prime rate, and, in most cases, have fixed expiration dates. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis, and the amount of collateral obtained is based on management s credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but includes accounts receivable, inventory, leases, property, plant and equipment, residential real estate, and income-producing properties. As many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent the future cash requirements of the Company. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are generally unsecured and are issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The Company s letters of credit are short-term guarantees and generally have terms from to . At September 30, 2024, the maximum potential amount of future undiscounted payments the Company could be required to make under outstanding standby letters of credit totaled million. 
 
 The remaining unfunded commitments for the investment in limited partnerships as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, totaled and , respectively. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may become involved in litigation arising out of its normal business activities. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, believes that the ultimate liability, if any, resulting from the disposition of such claims would not be material to the financial position of the Company. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
 
 Certain matters discussed, or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report of Form 10-Q, contain forward-looking statements about the Company that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 
 
 Adverse developments with respect to U.S. or global economic conditions and other uncertainties, including the impact of supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, labor shortages, and global conflict and unrest; 
 The impact of natural disasters, droughts, earthquakes, floods, wildfires, terrorist attacks, health epidemics, and threats of war or actual war, including current military actions involving the Russian Federation and Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East, which may impact the local economy and/or the condition of real estate collateral; 
 Geopolitical and domestic political developments that can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability, contribute to rising energy and commodity prices, and increase the volatility of financial markets; 
 Changes in general economic and financial market conditions, either nationally or locally; 
 Fiscal policies of the U.S. government, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the resulting impact on the Company s interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities; 
 Changes in banking laws or regulations and government policies that could lead to a tightening of credit and/or a requirement that the Company raise additional capital; 
 Increased competition in the Company s markets, impacting the ability to execute its business plans; 
 Continued or increasing competition from other financial institutions, credit unions, and non-bank financial services companies, many of which are subject to different regulations than the Company is, and the Company s response to competitive pressure; 
 Loss of, or inability to attract, key personnel; 
 Unanticipated deterioration in the loan portfolio, credit losses, and the sufficiency of the allowance for credit losses; 
 The ability to grow the loan portfolio due to constraints on concentrations of credit; 
 Challenges arising from unsuccessful attempts to expand into new geographic markets, products, or services; 
 The impact of technological changes and the ability to develop and maintain secure and reliable electronic systems, including failures in or breaches of the Company s operational and/or security systems or infrastructure, and the Company's ability to identify and address cyber-security risks such as data security breaches, denial of service attacks, hacking and identity theft, and other attacks on the Company s information technology systems or on the third-party vendors who perform functions for the Company; 
 The failure to maintain effective controls over financial reporting; 
 Risks related to the sufficiency of liquidity, including the quality and quantity of the Company s deposits and the ability to attract and retain deposits and other sources of funding and liquidity; 
 Adverse developments in the financial services industry generally, such as the bank failures in 2023 and 2024 and any related impact on depositor behavior or investor sentiment; 
 The possibility that the recorded goodwill could become impaired which may have an adverse impact on earnings and capital; 
 Asset/liability matching risks; and 
 Changes in accounting policies or procedures. 
 
 The information set forth herein should be carefully considered when evaluating the business prospects of the Company. For additional information concerning risks and uncertainties related to the Company and its operations, please refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company 
 
 United Security Bancshares, a California corporation, is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act (BHCA) with corporate headquarters located in Fresno, California. The principal business of United Security Bancshares is to serve as the holding company for its wholly-owned subsidiary, United Security Bank. References to the Bank refer to United Security Bank together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, York Monterey Properties, Inc. References to the Company refer to United Security Bancshares together with its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. References to the Holding Company refer to United Security Bancshares, the parent company, on a stand-alone basis. The Bank currently maintains 13 banking branches, which provide banking services in Fresno, Madera, Kern, and Santa Clara counties, in the state of California. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to full-service branches, the Bank has several stand-alone interactive teller machines (ITMs) within its geographic footprint. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 During 2024, the Company has worked closely with long-term, core customers to provide deposit and lending solutions that meet their business and individual needs. The Company has also focused on maintaining adequate liquidity, managing credit risk, and responsibly managing growth on the balance sheet. 
 
 Third Quarter 2024 Highlights (as of, or for, the quarter ended September 30, 2024, except where noted): 
 
 Net interest margin increased to 4.20 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.09 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Annualized average cost of deposits was 1.18 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.71 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Annualized average cost of funds, including short-term borrowings, was 1.38 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.13 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net income for the quarter decreased 0.62 to 3.8 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to the 3.9 million reported for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest and fees on loans increased 4.64 to 14.4 million, as a result of increases in interest rates despite a decrease in average loan balances, compared to 13.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Interest expense increased 15.7 to 3.9 million, as a result of increases in short-term borrowing costs and interest expense on purchased brokered deposits, compared to 3.4 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 The total fair value of the junior subordinated debentures (TRUPs) increased by 65,000 during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. A gain of 661,000 was recorded through the income statement and a loss of 596,000 was recorded through accumulated other comprehensive income. For the quarter ended September 30, 2023, the net 234,000 fair value loss was separately presented as a 811,000 loss recorded through the income statement and a 576,000 gain recorded through accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 The Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 1.6 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. There was no provision recorded for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net interest income before the provision for credit losses decreased 0.91 to 11.8 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 11.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Annualized return on average assets (ROAA) increased to 1.24 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.21 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 Annualized return on average equity (ROAE) decreased to 11.63 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 13.06 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 The Company had remaining available secured lines of credit of 604.4 million, available unsecured lines of credit of 86.0 million, unpledged investment securities of 82.7 million, and cash and cash equivalents of 47.9 million as of September 30, 2024. Short-term borrowings totaled 34.0 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 62.0 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Total loans, net of unearned fees, increased 5.99 to 975.2 million, compared to 920.0 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Total investments decreased 8.55 to 168.8 million, compared to 184.6 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Total deposits increased 6.0 to 1.07 billion, compared to 1.00 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 Net charge-offs totaled 633,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 467,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of gross loans decreased to 1.69 , compared to 1.70 at December 31, 2023. 
 Book value per share increased to 7.67, compared to 7.14 at December 31, 2023. 
 The Company s capital position remains well-capitalized with a 12.44 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio compared to 11.82 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Trends Affecting Results of Operations and Financial Position 
 
 The Company s overall operations are impacted by a number of factors including not only interest rates and margin spreads, which impact the results of operations, but also the composition of the Company s consolidated balance sheet. One of the primary strategic goals of the Company is to maintain a mix of assets that will generate a reasonable rate of return without undue risk and to finance those assets with a low-cost and stable source of funds. Liquidity and capital resources must also be considered in the planning process to mitigate risk and allow for growth. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Since the Bank primarily conducts banking operations in California s Central Valley, its operations and cash flows are subject to changes in the economic condition of the Central Valley. Business results are dependent in large part upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits, and real estate activity in the Central Valley, and declines in economic conditions can have materially-adverse effects on the Bank. Due to the Central Valley s economic dependence on agriculture, a downturn in agriculture and agricultural-related business could indirectly and adversely affect the Company as many borrowers and customers are involved in, or are to some extent impacted by, the agricultural industry. The agricultural industry has been affected by declines in prices and changes in yields of various crops and other agricultural commodities. Weaker prices could reduce the cash flows generated by farms and the value of agricultural land in our local markets and thereby increase the risk of default by our borrowers or reduce the foreclosure value of agricultural land and equipment that serve as collateral for our loans. Moreover, weaker prices might stress or threaten farming operations in the Central Valley, potentially reducing market demand for agricultural lending. In particular, farm income has seen recent declines, and in line with the downturn in farm income, farmland prices are coming under pressure. While most of our borrowers are not directly involved in agriculture, they would likely be impacted by downturns in the agricultural industry as many jobs in our market areas are ancillary to the regular production, processing, marketing, and sale of agricultural commodities. Despite the unusually wet winter experienced recently, the state of California has experienced severe droughts in the past which have resulted in water-allocation reductions for farmers in the Central Valley. Due to these uncertain water issues, the impact on businesses and consumers located in the Company s market areas is not possible to predict or quantify. In response to drought conditions, the California state legislature passed the Sustainable Groundwater Management Act in 2014 with the goal of ensuring better local and regional management of groundwater use and sustainable groundwater management in California by 2042. Development, preparation, and implementation of the Groundwater Sustainability Plan began in 2020. The effects of this plan have yet to be determined. 
 
 The Company s earnings are impacted by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. The Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) has a significant impact on the operating results of depository institutions through its power to implement national monetary policy, among other things, to curb inflation or combat a recession. The FRB affects the levels of bank loans, investments. and deposits through its control over the issuance of United States government securities, its regulation of the discount rate applicable to member banks, and its influence over reserve requirements to which member banks may be subject. At their September 2024 meeting, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) decreased interest rates by 50 basis points, lowering rates for the first time in four years. Further decreases are currently expected over the next few years. It is unknown what effects increases or decreases in the inflation rate and the recent banking turmoil, in conjunction with continued international instability, will have on FRB monetary policies. 
 
 The Company continually evaluates its strategic business plan as economic and market factors change in its market area. Managing the balance sheet, enhancing revenue sources, attracting and retaining deposit customers, and maintaining market share will continue to be of primary importance. 

Results of Operations 
 
 On a year-to-date basis, the Company reported net income of 12.3 million, or 0.72 per share 0.72 diluted), for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 14.4 million, or 0.84 per share 0.84 diluted), for the same period in 2023. The Company s annualized return on average assets was 1.36 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.52 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s annualized return on average equity was 12.95 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16.64 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the return on average assets is primarily attributable to decreases in income and average assets. The decrease in the return on average equity is primarily due to a decrease in net income and an increase in average equity. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 The following table presents condensed average balance sheet information, together with interest income and yields earned on average interest-earning assets and interest expense and rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution of Average Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity : 
 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate (2) Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate (2) Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans (1) (2) 949,207 14,401 6.04 945,759 13,763 5.77 Investment securities (3) 166,977 1,298 3.09 203,516 1,491 2.91 Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 3,896 56 5.72 5,876 74 5.00 Total interest-earning assets 1,120,080 15,755 5.60 1,155,151 15,328 5.26 Allowance for credit losses (15,296) (15,817) Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and non-interest-bearing deposits in other banks 34,113 33,172 Nonaccrual loans 12,053 13,102 Premises and equipment, net 9,014 9,318 Accrued interest receivable 7,293 7,046 Other real estate owned 4,582 4,582 Other non-earning assets 59,443 60,090 Total average assets 1,231,282 1,266,644 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW accounts 118,014 196 0.66 134,143 101 0.30 Money market accounts 368,369 2,258 2.44 254,964 854 1.33 Savings accounts 114,839 32 0.11 114,513 225 0.78 Time deposits 77,112 578 2.98 95,117 661 2.76 Other borrowings 44,704 667 5.94 99,854 1,356 5.30 Junior subordinated debentures (4) 12,464 211 6.73 12,464 209 6.65 Total interest-bearing liabilities 735,502 3,942 2.13 711,055 3,406 1.90 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 353,944 423,180 Other liabilities 10,907 15,008 Total liabilities 1,100,353 1,149,243 Total shareholders equity 130,929 117,401 Total average liabilities and shareholders equity 1,231,282 1,266,644 Interest income as a percentage of average earning assets 5.60 5.26 Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets 1.40 1.17 Net interest margin 4.20 4.09 
 (1) Loan interest income includes loan fee costs of approximately 161,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and loan fee income of 14,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Interest income/expense is divided by actual number of days in the period times 365 days in the yield calculation. 
 (3) Yields on investment securities, aside from marketable equity securities, are calculated based on average amortized cost balances rather than fair value, as changes in fair value are reflected as a component of shareholders equity. 
 (4) Yields on junior subordinated debentures are calculated based on average amortized cost balances rather than fair value, as changes in fair value are reflected as a component of shareholders equity. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution of Average Assets, Liabilities and Shareholders Equity : 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate (2) Average Balance Interest Yield/Rate (2) Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans (1) (2) 921,454 41,457 6.01 944,744 40,292 5.70 Investment securities (3) 169,924 3,955 3.11 207,530 4,492 2.89 Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 4,634 193 5.56 5,016 187 4.98 Total interest-earning assets 1,096,012 45,605 5.56 1,157,290 44,971 5.20 Allowance for credit losses (15,476) (15,986) Noninterest-earning assets: Cash and non-interest-bearing deposits in other banks 33,140 35,111 Nonaccrual loans 11,995 13,294 Premises and equipment, net 9,066 9,466 Accrued interest receivable 7,255 7,364 Other real estate owned 4,582 4,582 Other non-earning assets 60,083 59,650 Total average assets 1,206,657 1,270,771 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW accounts 127,264 569 0.60 138,381 219 0.21 Money market accounts 305,665 4,354 1.90 332,361 3,450 1.39 Savings accounts 117,716 97 0.11 118,468 98 0.11 Time deposits 74,054 1,624 2.93 74,854 1,361 2.43 Other borrowings 77,417 3,286 5.67 47,088 1,888 5.36 Junior subordinated debentures (4) 12,464 628 6.73 12,464 586 6.29 Total interest-bearing liabilities 714,580 10,558 1.97 723,616 7,602 1.41 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 355,599 419,808 Other liabilities 9,721 11,341 Total liabilities 1,079,900 1,154,765 Total shareholders equity 126,757 116,006 Total average liabilities and shareholders equity 1,206,657 1,270,771 Interest income as a percentage of average earning assets 5.56 5.20 Interest expense as a percentage of average earning assets 1.29 0.88 Net interest margin 4.27 4.32 
 (1) Loan interest income includes loan fee costs of approximately 533,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and loan fee income of 182,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Interest income/expense is divided by actual number of days in the period times 365 days in the yield calculation. 
 (3) Yields on investment securities, aside from marketable equity securities, are calculated based on average amortized cost balances rather than fair value, as changes in fair value are reflected as a component of shareholders equity. 
 (4) Yields on junior subordinated debentures are calculated based on average amortized cost balances rather than fair value, as changes in fair value are reflected as a component of shareholders equity. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The prime rate decreased from 8.50 at September 30, 2023, to 8.00 at September 30, 2024. Future increases or decreases will affect both interest income and expense and the resultant net interest margin. 
 
 Both net interest income and net interest margin are affected by changes in the amount and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, referred to as volume change. Both are also affected by changes in yields on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, referred to as rate change. The following table sets forth the changes in interest income and interest expense for each major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the amount of change attributable to volume and rate changes for the periods indicated. 
 
 Rate and Volume Analysis : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, compared to September 30, 2023 
 (In thousands) Rate Volume Total Increase (decrease) in interest income: Loans 590 48 638 Investment securities available for sale 90 (283) (193) Interest-bearing deposits in FRB 13 (31) (18) Total interest income 693 (266) 427 Increase (decrease) in interest expense: Interest-bearing demand accounts 1,212 286 1,498 Savings and money market accounts (194) 1 (193) Time deposits 51 (133) (82) Other borrowings 126 (815) (689) Junior subordinated debentures 2 2 Total interest expense 1,197 (661) 536 Increase (decrease) in net interest income (504) 395 (109) 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, total interest income increased 427,000, or 2.8 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. In comparing the two periods, average interest-earning assets decreased 35.1 million, with a decrease of 36.5 million in average investment securities balances and a decrease of 2.0 million in average balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank, offset by an increase of 2.4 million in average loan balances. The increase in average loan balances is attributed primarily to increases in the commercial and industrial portfolio, the real estate mortgage portfolio, and the agricultural portfolio, offset by decreases in the real estate construction portfolio and the installment portfolio. Loan yields increased 27 basis points and investment securities yields increased 18 basis points. The average yield on total interest-earning assets increased 34 basis points. The increase in yields is a result of the increases in loan yields, investment securities yields, and yields on overnight deposits held at the Federal Reserve Bank. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, compared to September 30, 2023 
 (In thousands) Rate Volume Total Increase (decrease) in interest income: Loans 2,163 (998) 1,165 Investment securities available for sale 317 (854) (537) Interest-bearing deposits in FRB 22 (16) 6 Total interest income 2,502 (1,868) 634 Increase (decrease) in interest expense: Interest-bearing demand accounts 1,568 (314) 1,254 Savings and money market accounts (1) (1) Time deposits 278 (15) 263 Other borrowings 115 1,283 1,398 Junior subordinated debentures 42 42 Total interest expense 2,003 953 2,956 Increase (decrease) in net interest income 499 (2,821) (2,322) 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total interest income increased 634,000, or 1.41 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In comparing the two periods, average interest-earning assets decreased 61.3 million, with a decrease of 24.6 million in average loan balances, a decrease of 37.6 million in average investment securities balances, and a decrease of 382,000 in average balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank. The increase in average loan balances is attributed primarily to increases in the agricultural portfolio, the commercial and industrial portfolio, and the installment portfolio, offset by decreases in the real estate construction and development portfolio and the real estate mortgage portfolio. Loan yields increased 31 basis points and investment securities yields increased 22 basis points. The average yield on total interest-earning assets increased 36 basis points. Yields on loans, investment securities, and overnight deposits increased due to rate increases. 
 
 The overall average yield on the loan portfolio increased to 6.01 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.70 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. At September 30, 2024, 31.0 of the Company s loan portfolio consisted of floating rate instruments, compared to 31.7 of the portfolio at December 31, 2023, with the majority of those tied to the prime rate. Approximately 63.2 , or 191.4 million, of the floating-rate loans had rate floors at September 30, 2024. 
 Approximately 56.3 , or 164.0 million, of the floating-rate loans had rate floors at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company s net interest margin decreased to 4.27 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.32 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net interest margin decreased primarily as a result of increases in deposit and short-term borrowing costs, offset by increases in yields on interest-earning assets. The yield on average interest-earning assets increased from 5.20 to 5.56 . Yields on average interest-bearing liabilities increased from 1.41 to 1.97 . 
 
 While deposit rates have increased, the Company s disciplined deposit pricing efforts have helped keep the Company s cost of funds relatively low. The rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased to 1.97 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.41 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total interest expense increased approximately 3.0 million, or 38.9 , as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Between those two periods, average interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 9.0 million due to decreases in NOW and money market accounts, savings accounts, and time deposits, partially offset by increases in short-term borrowings. The Company may purchase brokered deposits as an additional source of funding. At September 30, 2024, the Company held 100.3 million in brokered deposits. At December 31, 2023, the Company held no brokered deposits. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Interest-Earning Assets and Liabilities: 
 
 The following table summarizes the year-to-date (YTD) averages of the components of interest-earning assets as a percentage of total interest-earning assets and the components of interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of total interest-bearing liabilities: YTD Averages September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 
 Loans 84.08 82.11 81.84 Investment securities available for sale 15.50 17.36 17.73 Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 0.42 0.53 0.43 Total interest-earning assets 100.00 100.00 100.00 NOW accounts 17.82 18.90 19.17 Money market accounts 42.78 42.98 46.04 Savings accounts 16.47 16.46 16.41 Time deposits 10.36 11.46 10.37 Other borrowings 10.83 8.71 6.52 Junior subordinated debentures 1.74 1.49 1.49 Total interest-bearing liabilities 100.00 100.00 100.00 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 Changes in Noninterest Income: 
 
 The following tables set forth the amount and percentage changes in the categories presented for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Customer service fees 719 686 33 4.8 Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance 132 102 30 29.4 Gain (loss) on fair value of marketable equity securities 224 (92) 316 343.5 Gain (loss) on fair value of junior subordinated debentures 661 (811) 1,472 181.5 Other 287 229 58 25.3 Total noninterest income 2,023 114 1,909 1,674.6 
 
 Noninterest income for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, increased 1.9 million to 2.0 million compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The change in fair value of junior subordinated debentures caused a 661,000 gain for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to a 811,000 loss for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, resulting in a difference of 1.5 million. The change in the fair value of junior subordinated debentures was caused by fluctuations in the SOFR yield curve. The change in the fair value of marketable equity securities was due to a recorded gain of 224,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to a recorded loss of 92,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Customer service fees for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 increased 33,000 when compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended (In thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Customer service fees 2,143 2,187 (44) (2.0) Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance 399 406 (7) (1.7) Gain (loss) on fair value of marketable equity securities 270 (99) 369 372.7 Gain on death benefit proceeds from bank-owned life insurance 573 573 100.0 Gain (loss) on fair value of junior subordinated debentures 141 (553) 694 125.5 Gain on sale of assets 11 11 100.0 Other 1,054 633 421 66.5 Total noninterest income 4,591 2,574 2,017 78.4 
 
 Noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 2.0 million to 4.6 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in fair value of junior subordinated debentures caused a 141,000 gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a 553,000 loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, resulting in a difference of 694,000. The change in the fair value of junior subordinated debentures was caused by fluctuations in the SOFR yield curve. Also included in noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is a gain of 573,000 on proceeds from life insurance. The change in the fair value of marketable equity securities was due to a recorded gain of 270,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a recorded loss of 99,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Customer service fees decreased 44,000 between the two periods. Other noninterest income increased due to increases in miscellaneous income. Included in the increase in miscellaneous income is an increase of 132,000 in FHLB dividends. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 Changes in Noninterest Expense: 
 
 The following tables set forth the amount and percentage changes in the categories presented for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 3,526 3,376 150 4.4 Occupancy expense 990 984 6 0.6 Data processing 467 204 263 128.9 Professional fees 1,128 1,177 (49) (4.2) Regulatory assessments 159 169 (10) (5.9) Director fees 105 106 (1) (0.9) Correspondent bank service charges 12 20 (8) (40.0) Net cost of operation of OREO 37 30 7 23.3 Other 718 559 159 28.4 Total expense 7,142 6,625 517 7.8 
 
 Noninterest expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, increased 517,000 to 7.1 million, compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributed to increases in data processing expenses and salaries and employee benefits, and was partially offset by decreases in professional fees and regulatory assessments. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was caused by increases in salary expense, group insurance expense, and stock compensation expense. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended (In thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 10,414 9,937 477 4.8 Occupancy expense 2,731 2,804 (73) (2.6) Data processing 776 583 193 33.1 Professional fees 3,864 2,969 895 30.1 Regulatory assessments 493 554 (61) (11.0) Director fees 336 321 15 4.7 Correspondent bank service charges 35 57 (22) (38.6) Net cost of operation of OREO 89 126 (37) (29.4) Other 2,111 1,731 380 22.0 Total expense 20,849 19,082 1,767 9.3 
 
 Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 1.8 million to 20.8 million, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributed to increases in professional fees and salaries and employee benefits, and was partially offset by decreases in occupancy expense and regulatory assessments. Professional fees increased primarily due to increases in service contract expenses related to recently outsourced information technology services. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was caused by increases in salary expenses, 401(k) expenses, and stock compensation expense. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company s income tax expense is impacted to some degree by permanent taxable differences between income reported for book purposes and income reported for tax purposes, as well as certain tax credits which are not reflected in the Company s pretax income or loss shown in the statements of operations and comprehensive income. As pretax income or loss amounts become smaller, the impact of these differences becomes more significant and are reflected as variances in the Company s effective tax rate for the periods presented. In general, the permanent differences and tax credits affecting tax expense have a positive impact and tend to reduce the effective tax rates shown in the Company s statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 
 The Company reviews its current tax positions at least quarterly based on the accounting standards related to uncertainty in income taxes. These standards identify the individual tax position criteria that would have to be met to recognize an income tax benefit on a taxable entity s financial statements. Under the income tax guidelines, an entity should recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position if it determines that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination. The term more likely than not means a likelihood of more than 50 percent. In assessing whether the more likely than not criterion is met, the entity should assume that the tax position will be reviewed by the applicable taxing authority. 
 
 The Company has reviewed all of its tax positions as of September 30, 2024, and has determined that there are no material additional amounts to be recorded under the current income tax accounting guidelines. 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 25.43 compared to 28.78 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 27.88 compared to 29.00 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition 
 
 The following table illustrates the changes in balances as of and for the periods ended: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Year-to-Date Change Prior Period Change Due from Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) 3,912 207 968 3,705 2,944 Net loans 958,628 904,384 957,222 54,244 1,406 Investment securities 168,835 184,620 187,857 (15,785) (19,022) Total assets 1,255,376 1,211,045 1,273,092 44,331 (17,716) Total deposits 1,065,021 1,004,477 987,631 60,544 77,390 Total liabilities 1,122,520 1,088,503 1,158,064 34,017 (35,544) Average interest-earning assets 1,096,012 1,147,728 1,157,290 (51,716) (61,278) Average interest-bearing liabilities 714,580 725,075 723,616 (10,495) (9,036) 
 
 Net loans increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and on a year-over-year basis, due to organic loan growth. Investment securities decreased on a year-over-year and year-to-date basis due to repayments of principal and maturities. Deposits increased on a year-over-year and year-to-date basis due to the purchase of 100.0 million in brokered, interest-bearing deposits during 2024. The balances in overnight interest-bearing deposits in the Federal Reserve Bank and federal funds sold increased on a year-over-year and year-to-date basis due to the increase in deposit balances. Short-term borrowings totaled 34.0 million at September 30, 2024, and 142.0 million September 30, 2023. 
 
 Earning assets averaged 1.10 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.16 billion for the same period in 2023. Average interest-bearing liabilities decreased to 714.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 723.6 million for the comparative period of 2023. 
 
 Loans 
 
 The Company s primary business is that of acquiring deposits and making loans, with the loan portfolio representing the largest and most important component of earning assets. Loans totaled 975.2 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 55.1 million, or 6.0 , when compared to the balance of 920.0 million at December 31, 2023, and a increase of 2.3 million, or 0.2 , when compared to the balance of 972.9 million reported at September 30, 2023. Loans on average decreased 24.6 million, or 2.6 , between the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2024, with loans, excluding nonaccrual loans, averaging 921.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 944.7 million for the same period in 2023. 
 
 The following table sets forth the amounts of loans outstanding by category and the category percentages for the periods presented: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Amount of Loans Amount of Loans Amount of Loans Commercial and industrial 56,686 5.8 53,347 5.8 51,849 5.3 Real estate mortgage 687,908 70.5 646,709 70.3 682,376 70.1 Real estate construction and development 123,624 12.7 127,944 13.9 133,516 13.7 Agricultural 66,547 6.8 49,795 5.4 61,501 6.3 Installment and student loans 40,386 4.2 42,247 4.6 43,629 4.5 Total gross loans 975,151 100.00 920,042 100.00 972,871 99.90 
 
 Loan volume continues to be highest in what has historically been the Bank s primary lending emphasis: real estate mortgage and real estate construction and development lending. Total loans increased 55.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were increases of 41.2 million, or 6.4 , in real estate mortgage loans, 3.3 million, or 6.3 , in commercial and industrial loans, and 16.8 million, or 33.6 , in agricultural loans. Real estate construction and development loans decreased 4.3 million, or 3.4 , and installment loans decreased by 1.9 million, or 4.4 . 
 
 The real estate mortgage loan portfolio, totaling 687.9 million at September 30, 2024, consists of commercial real estate, residential mortgages, and home equity loans. Commercial real estate loans have remained a significant percentage of total 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 loans over the past year, amounting to 45.0 , 42.0 , and 43.2 of the total loan portfolio at September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2023, respectively. Commercial real estate balances increased to 439.2 million at September 30, 2024, from 386.1 million at December 31, 2023. Commercial real estate loans are generally a mix of short- to medium-term, fixed- and floating-rate instruments and are mainly secured by commercial income and multi-family residential properties. 
 
 Residential mortgage loans are generally 30-year amortizing loans with an average life of nine to 11 years. These loans totaled 248.7 million, or 25.5 , of the portfolio at September 30, 2024, 260.5 million, or 28.3 , of the portfolio at December 31, 2023, and 262.4 million, or 27.0 , of the portfolio at September 30, 2023. Included in the residential mortgage portfolio are purchased home-mortgage loan pools with aggregate balances of 223.9 million, comprising 90.0 of the total residential mortgage portfolio at September 30, 2024. These loans were purchased in whole-loan form, in several pools, during 2021 and 2022. Dovenmuehle Mortgage, Inc., (DMI) is the third-party sub-servicer for the Company s purchased residential mortgage portfolio. DMI s services include administration, Company-approved modification, escrow management, monitoring, and collection. DMI is paid a monthly servicing fee based primarily upon the number of loans being serviced which, at September 30, 2024, totaled 250. 
 
 Real estate construction and development loans, representing 12.7 , 13.9 , and 13.7 of total loans at September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2023, respectively, consisted of loans for residential and commercial construction projects, as well as land acquisition and development, and land held for future development. Loans in this category are secured by real estate, including improved and unimproved land, as well as single-family residential, multi-family residential, and commercial properties in various stages of completion. All real estate loans have established equity requirements. Repayment on construction loans generally comes from long-term mortgages with other lending institutions obtained at the completion of the project or from the sale of the constructed homes to individuals. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans increased 3.3 million between December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2024, and increased 4.8 million between September 30, 2023, and September 30, 2024. Agricultural loans increased 16.8 million between December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2024, and increased 5.0 million between September 30, 2023, and September 30, 2024. Installment loans decreased 1.9 million between December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2024, and decreased 3.2 million between September 30, 2023, and September 30, 2024, primarily due to decreases in student loan balances. 
 
 Included in installment loans are 36.1 million in unsecured student loans made to medical and pharmacy school students in the US and Caribbean, all of which are exclusively US citizens. Student loans decreased 3.5 million between the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, due to paydowns, consolidations with other lenders, and charge-offs. The outstanding balance of loans for students who are in school or in a grace period and have not entered repayment status totaled 1.0 million at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, there were 725 loans within repayment, deferment, and forbearance which represented 19.1 million, 10.0 million, and 6.1 million in outstanding balances, respectively. Student loans have not been originated or purchased since 2019. 
 
 Repayment of the unsecured student loans is premised on the medical and pharmacy students graduating and becoming high-income earners. Under program guidelines, repayment terms can vary per borrower; however, repayment occurs on average within 10 to 20 years. Additional repayment capacity is provided by non-student, co-borrowers for roughly one-third of the portfolio. The average student loan balance per borrower as of September 30, 2024, was approximately 112,400. At September 30, 2023, the average balance per borrower was approximately 106,300. Loan interest rates are primarily variable and ranged from 6.00 to 13.125 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 ZuntaFi is the third-party servicer for the student loan portfolio. ZuntaFi s services include application administration, processing, approval, documenting, funding, collection, and borrower file custodial responsibilities. Except in cases where applicants/loans do not meet program requirements or extreme delinquency, ZuntaFi is responsible for complete program management. ZuntaFi is paid a monthly servicing fee based on the outstanding principal balance. 
 
 The Company classifies student loans delinquent more than 90 days as substandard. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, reserves against the student loan portfolio totaled 6.8 million and 6.3 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 131,000 in accrued interest receivable was reversed, due to charge-offs of 1.4 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, 187,000 in accrued interest receivable was reversed, due to charge-offs of 1.6 million. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the Bank s student loan portfolio with activity from December 31, 2023, to September 30, 2024: 
 (In thousands) Balance Balance at December 31, 2023 
 38,493 Capitalized interest 2,090 Loan consolidations/payoffs (2,075) Payments received (945) Loans charged-off (1,434) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 36,129 
 
 Loan participations purchased totaled 13.2 million, or 1.3 , of the portfolio, at September 30, 2024, 9.2 million, or 1.0 , of the portfolio at December 31, 2023, and 9.2 million, or 0.9 , of the portfolio at September 30, 2023. Loan participations sold totaled 4.2 million, or 0.4 , of the portfolio, at September 30, 2024, 4.2 million, or 0.5 , of the portfolio, at December 31, 2023, and 38.1 million, or 3.9 , of the portfolio at September 30, 2023. 
 
 Deposits 
 
 Deposit balances totaled 1.07 billion at September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 60.5 million, or 6.0 , from the balance of 1.00 billion reported at December 31, 2023, and a decrease of 77.4 million, or 7.8 , from the balance of 987.6 million at September 30, 2023. 
 
 The following table sets forth the amounts of deposits outstanding by category at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the net change between the two periods presented: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Noninterest-bearing deposits 360,117 33.81 403,225 40.14 (43,108) Interest-bearing deposits: NOW and money market accounts 509,802 47.87 406,857 40.50 102,945 Savings accounts 113,058 10.62 122,547 12.20 (9,489) Time deposits: Under 250,000 48,802 4.58 48,098 4.80 704 250,000 and over 33,242 3.12 23,750 2.36 9,492 Total interest-bearing deposits 704,904 66.19 601,252 59.86 103,652 Total deposits 1,065,021 100.00 1,004,477 100.00 60,544 
 
 The following tables set forth estimated deposit balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limits as of: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Uninsured deposits (1) 
 518,810 523,971 
 (1) Represents the amount over the FDIC insurance limit 
 
 September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Three months or less Over three months through six months Over six months through twelve months Over twelve months Total Uninsured time deposits (1) 
 2,049 6,525 2,962 10,011 21,547 
 (1) Represents the amount over the FDIC insurance limit. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Three months or less Over three months through six months Over six months through twelve months Over twelve months Total Uninsured time deposits (1) 
 1,379 1,186 1,891 6,792 11,248 
 (1) Represents the amount over the insurance limit. 
 
 Core deposits, defined by the Company as consisting of all deposits other than time deposits of more than 250,000 and brokered deposits, continue to provide the foundation of the Company s principal sources of funding and liquidity. These core deposits amounted to 87.5 and 97.6 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company held 100.3 million in brokered deposits at September 30, 2024. The Company held no brokered deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 
 On a year-to-date average basis, the Company experienced a decrease of 103.6 million, or 9.6 , in total deposits between the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Between these two periods, interest-bearing deposits decreased 39.4 million, or 5.9 , and noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 64.2 million, or 15.3 . 
 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had collateralized lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco totaling 503.4 million, as well as Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) lines of credit totaling 131.0 million. At September 30, 2024, the Company had uncollateralized lines of credit with Pacific Coast Bankers Bank (PCBB), Zions Bank, and US Bank totaling 50.0 million, 20.0 million, and 20.0 million, respectively. These lines of credit generally have interest rates tied to either the Federal Funds rate or short-term U.S. Treasury rates. All lines of credit are on an as available basis and can be revoked by the grantor at any time. The Company had outstanding borrowings of 34.0 million and 142.0 million at September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company had collateralized FRB lines of credit of 463.5 million, collateralized FHLB lines of credit totaling 128.9 million, and uncollateralized lines of credit of 50.0 million with PCBB, 20.0 million with Zion s Bank, and 10.0 million with US Bank at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Asset Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Lending money is the Company s principal business activity, and ensuring appropriate evaluation, diversification, and control of credit risks is a primary management responsibility. Losses are implicit in lending activities and the amount of such losses will vary, depending on the risk characteristics of the loan portfolio as affected by local economic conditions and the financial experience of borrowers. 
 
 The Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) , effective January 1, 2023, and utilizes a current expected credit loss (CECL) methodology which relies on segmenting the loan portfolio into pools with similar risks, tracking the performance of the pools over time, and using the data to determine pool loss experience. The allowance for credit losses on most loans is measured on a collective (pool) basis for loans with similar characteristics. The Company estimates the appropriate level of allowance for credit losses for collateral-dependent loans by evaluating them separately. The Company also uses the CECL model to calculate the allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures, such as undrawn amounts on lines of credit. While the allowance for credit losses on loans is reported as a contra-asset for loans, the allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposure is reported as a liability. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The eight (8) segments of the loan portfolio are as follows, net of unearned fees and unamortized loan origination costs (subtotals are provided as needed to allow the reader to reconcile the amounts to loan classifications reported elsewhere in this report): 
 Loan Segments for Allowance for Credit Loss Analysis September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Commercial and business loans 56,621 53,273 Government program loans 65 74 Total commercial and industrial 56,686 53,347 Real estate mortgage: Commercial real estate 439,187 386,134 Residential mortgages 248,695 260,539 Home improvement and home equity loans 26 36 Total real estate mortgage 687,908 646,709 Real estate construction and development 123,624 127,944 Agricultural 66,547 49,795 Installment and student loans 40,386 42,247 Total loans 975,151 920,042 
 
 Individually-Evaluated Loans and Specific Reserves: 
 
 The following table summarizes the components of individually-evaluated loans and related specific reserves: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Individually-Evaluated Loan Balances Specific Reserve Individually-Evaluated Loan Balances Specific Reserve Real estate construction and development 11,985 11,390 Agricultural 397 451 14 Total individually-evaluated loans 12,382 11,841 14 
 
 Individually-evaluated loans increased 541,000 to 12.4 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 11.8 million at December 31, 2023. There were no reserves for individually-evaluated loans using the discounted cash flow method at September 30, 2024, compared to 14,000 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Collateral-Dependent Loans: 
 
 A loan is considered collateral-dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. 
 
 The following table presents the recorded investment in collateral-dependent loans by type of loan: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Number of Collateral-Dependent Loans Amount Number of Collateral-Dependent Loans Real estate construction and development loans 11,985 3 11,390 3 Agricultural loans 390 1 390 1 Total 12,375 4 11,780 4 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Quality Indicators for Outstanding Student Loans: 
 
 The following table summarizes the credit quality indicators for outstanding student loans as of: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Number of Loans Amount Accrued Interest Number of Loans Amount Accrued Interest School 27 740 518 44 1,242 734 Grace 12 269 193 18 473 296 Repayment 408 19,077 296 444 20,833 289 Deferment 220 9,956 2,362 237 10,163 2,022 Forbearance 97 6,087 216 98 5,782 133 Total 764 36,129 3,585 841 38,493 3,474 
 
 Included in installment loans are 36.1 million and 38.5 million in student loans at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, made to medical and pharmacy school students. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the reserve against the student loan portfolio totaled 6.8 million and 6.3 million, respectively. Loan interest rates on the student loan portfolio are primarily variable and ranged from 6.00 to 13.125 at September 30, 2024, and 6.00 to 13.250 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Nonperforming Assets: 
 
 The following table summarizes the components of nonperforming assets as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, and the percentage of nonperforming assets to total gross loans, total assets, and the percentage of nonperforming assets to allowance for loan losses: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans 12,002 11,448 Loans past due 90 days or more, still accruing 794 426 Loan modifications 52 Total nonperforming loans 12,848 11,874 Other real estate owned 4,582 4,582 Total nonperforming assets 17,430 16,456 Nonperforming loans to total gross loans 1.32 1.29 Nonperforming assets to total assets 1.39 1.36 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 
 128.60 131.87 
 
 Nonperforming assets, which are primarily related to the real estate loan and other-real-estate-owned portfolio, increased 974,000 from 16.5 million at December 31, 2023, to 17.4 million at September 30, 2024. Nonaccrual loan balances increased to 12.0 million between the two periods. All nonaccrual loans are well-collateralized and in the process of collection. 
 
 The following table summarizes the nonaccrual totals by loan category for the periods shown: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Nonaccrual Loans: Real estate construction and development 11,995 11,403 592 Agricultural 7 45 (38) Total nonaccrual loans 12,002 11,448 554 
 
 Loans past due more than 30 days receive increased management attention and are monitored for increased risk. The Company continues to move past-due loans to nonaccrual status in an ongoing effort to recognize and address loan problems as early and 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 most effectively as possible and appropriate. As individually-evaluated loans, nonaccrual, and modified loans are reviewed for specific reserve allocations, the allowance for credit losses is adjusted accordingly. 
 
 Except for nonaccrual and individually-evaluated loans, there were no loans at September 30, 2024, where the known credit problems of a borrower caused the Company to have serious doubts as to the ability of such borrower to comply with loan repayment terms. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans, totaling 12.0 million at September 30, 2024, increased 554,000 from 11.4 million at December 31, 2023, with real estate construction loans comprising 99.9 of total nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2024. In determining the adequacy of the underlying collateral related to these loans, management monitors trends within specific geographical areas, loan-to-value ratios, appraisals, and other credit-related issues. Nonaccrual loans represented 1.23 of total loans at September 30, 2024 and 1.24 at December 31, 2023. The loan allowance for credit loss represented 137.67 and 136.77 , respectively, of nonaccrual loans for the same periods. 
 
 Other real estate owned through foreclosure remained at 4.6 million for the periods ended September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets increased from 1.36 at December 31, 2023, to 1.39 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Management continues to monitor economic conditions in the real estate market for signs of deterioration or improvement which may impact the level of the allowance for credit losses required to cover identified and potential losses in the loan portfolio. Focus has been placed on monitoring and reducing the level of problem assets. 
 
 The following table summarizes special mention loans by type as of: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial and industrial 6,581 Commercial real estate mortgage 5,686 5,796 Agricultural 4,966 2,974 Total special mention loans 17,233 8,770 
 
 The Company remains focused on competition and other economic conditions within its market area which may ultimately affect the risk assessment of the portfolio. The Company continues to experience increased competition from major banks, local independents, and non-bank institutions, which creates pressure on loan pricing. Increased emphasis has been placed on reducing both the level of nonperforming assets and potential losses on the disposition of those assets. It is in the best interest of both the Company and the borrowers to seek alternative options to foreclosure to reduce the impacts on the real estate market. As part of this strategy, the Company enters into loan modifications when it improves collection prospects. Management recognizes the increased risk of loss due to the Company s exposure to local and worldwide economic conditions, as well as potentially volatile real estate markets, and takes these factors into consideration when analyzing the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a summary of the Company s allowance for loan credit losses, loan loss provisions, and charge-off and recovery activity affecting the allowance for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Summary of Activity: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total loans outstanding at end of period before deducting allowances for credit losses 975,151 972,871 Average loans outstanding during period 933,449 958,038 Balance of allowance at beginning of period 15,658 16,549 Loans charged-off: Installment and student loans (1,471) (1,587) Total loans charged-off (1,471) (1,587) Recoveries of loans previously charged off: Real estate 5 53 Commercial and industrial 1 1 Installment and student loans 190 181 Total loan recoveries 196 235 Net loans charged-off (1,275) (1,352) Provision (1) 2,140 452 Balance of allowance for credit losses at end of period 16,523 15,649 Net loan charged-off to total average loans (annualized) 0.18 0.19 Net loan charged-off to loans at end of period (annualized) 0.13 0.56 Allowance for credit losses to total loans at end of period 1.69 1.61 Net loan charged-off to allowance for credit losses (annualized) 30.04 34.56 Provision for credit losses to net charged-off (annualized) 223.79 44.58 
 (1) There was a reversal of provision of 373,000 for unfunded loan commitments and a provision for overdrafts of 17,000 made during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was a provision of 135,000 for unfunded loan commitments made during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Provisions for credit losses are determined based on management s periodic credit review of the loan portfolio, consideration of past loan loss experience, expected losses within the portfolio, current and future economic conditions, and other pertinent factors. Management believes its estimate of the allowance for credit losses adequately covers estimated losses inherent in the loan portfolio and, based on the condition of the loan portfolio, management believes the allowance is sufficient to cover risk elements in the loan portfolio. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 2.1 million provision was recorded to the allowance for credit losses as compared to a 452,000 provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The following provides a summary of the Company s net charge-offs as a percentage of average loan balances (including nonaccrual loans) in each category for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Commercial and industrial (1) 56,324 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Net charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, totaled 1.2 million as compared to net charge-offs of 1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company charged off or had partial charge-offs on 27 loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 24 loans during the same period ended September 30, 2023. The annualized percentage of net charge-offs to average loans was 0.18 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 0.25 for the year ended December 31, 2023, and 0.19 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s loans, net of unearned fees, increased from 972.9 million at September 30, 2023, to 975.2 million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024, was 1.69 of outstanding loan balances, as compared to 1.70 at December 31, 2023, and 1.61 at September 30, 2023. At September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, unfunded loan commitment reserves of 462,000 and 954,000, respectively, were reported in other liabilities. 
 
 Management believes that the loan allowance for credit losses, totaling 1.69 of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2024, is adequate to absorb both known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. No assurance can be given, however, regarding future economic conditions, or other circumstances, which may adversely affect the Company s service areas and result in losses in the loan portfolio not captured by the current allowance for credit losses. Management is not currently aware of any conditions that may adversely affect the levels of losses incurred in the Company s loan portfolio. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company s asset/liability management, liquidity strategy, and capital planning are guided by policies formulated and monitored by the Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO) and Management, to provide adequate liquidity and maintain an appropriate balance between interest-sensitive assets and interest-sensitive liabilities. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity management may be described as the ability to maintain sufficient cash flows to fulfill both on- and off-balance sheet financial obligations, including loan funding commitments and customer deposit withdrawals, without straining the Company s equity structure. To maintain an adequate liquidity position, the Company relies on, in addition to cash and cash equivalents, cash inflows from deposits and short-term borrowings, repayments of principal on loans and investments, and interest income received. The Company s principal cash outflows are for loan originations, purchases of investment securities, depositor withdrawals, and payment of operating expenses. 
 
 The Company s liquid asset base, which generally consists of cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, and investment securities, is maintained at levels deemed sufficient to provide the cash necessary to fund loan growth, unfunded loan commitments, and deposit runoff. Included in this framework is the objective of maximizing the yield on earning assets. This is generally achieved by maintaining a high percentage of earning assets in loans and investment securities, which typically provide higher yields than cash balances. 
 
 The following table sets forth asset balances as of: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Total Assets Balance Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents 47,915 3.8 40,784 3.4 Loans, net of unearned income 975,151 77.7 920,042 76.0 Unpledged investment securities 82,714 6.6 98,394 8.1 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the loan-to-deposit ratio was 91.56 , compared to a loan-to-deposit ratio of 91.59 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Liabilities used to fund liquidity sources include core and non-core deposits as well as short-term borrowing capabilities. Core deposits, which comprised approximately 87.5 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, provide a significant and stable funding source for the Company. The Bank held 30.0 million in borrowings from a secured credit line with the Federal Home Loan Bank and 4.0 million in borrowings from an unsecured credit line with PCBB for a total of 34.0 million in short-term borrowings at September 30, 2024. Unused lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank and FHLB, totaling 690.4 million, were collateralized by investment securities and certain qualifying loans in the Company s portfolio. The carrying value of loans pledged on these borrowing lines totaled 861.2 million at September 30, 2024. For further detail on the Company s 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 borrowing arrangements, see Note 6 - Short-term Borrowings/Other Borrowings in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The period-end balances of cash and cash equivalents for the periods shown are as follows from Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows): 
 (In thousands) Balance December 31, 2022 38,595 September 30, 2023 35,297 December 31, 2023 40,784 September 30, 2024 47,915 
 
 Capital and Dividends 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements adopted by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Board of Governors ). Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandates and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that include quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital levels and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators regarding components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 
 The Company s capital plan includes guidelines and trigger points designed to ensure sufficient capital is maintained at both the Bank and Company levels. Capital ratios are maintained at a level deemed appropriate under regulatory guidelines given the Bank s level of classified assets, concentrations of credit, allowance for credit losses, current and projected growth, and projected retained earnings. The capital plan contains contingency strategies to obtain additional capital as required to fulfill future capital requirements for both the Bank, as a separate legal entity, and the Company, on a consolidated basis. The capital plan requires the Bank to maintain a Tier 1 Leverage Ratio equal to or greater than 9 . The Bank s Tier 1 Capital Ratio was 12.35 and 11.42 at September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The following table sets forth the Company s and the Bank s actual capital positions at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 Capital Ratios: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Minimum Requirement to be Well Capitalized Minimum requirement for CBLR (1) Tier 1 capital to adjusted average assets (Leverage Ratio) Company 12.44 11.82 5.00 9.00 Bank 12.35 11.83 5.00 9.00 
 (1) If the Bank s Leverage Ratio exceeds the minimum ratio under the Community Bank Leverage Ratio Framework (CBLR), it is deemed to be well capitalized under all other regulatory capital requirements. If the Bank s leverage ratio falls below the minimum required, it would no longer be eligible to elect the use of the CBLR framework. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. Management believes that, under the current regulations, both the Company and the Bank will continue to meet their minimum capital requirements for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Dividends paid to shareholders by the Holding Company are subject to restrictions set forth under the California General Corporation Law. As applicable to the Holding Company, the California General Corporation Law provides that the Holding Company may make a distribution to its shareholders if either retained earnings immediately prior to the dividend payout are at least equal to the amount of the proposed distribution or, proceeding the distribution, the value of the Holding Company s assets would equal or exceed the sum of its total liabilities. The primary source of funds for dividends paid to shareholders is cash dividends received by the Holding Company from the Bank. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 On April 25, 2017, the Board of Directors announced the authorization of the repurchase of up to 3.0 million of the outstanding stock of the Holding Company. This amount represents 2.3 of total shareholders equity of 132.9 million at September 30, 2024. The timing of the purchases will depend on certain factors including, but not limited to, market conditions and prices, available funds, and alternative uses of capital. The stock repurchase program may be carried out through open-market purchases, block trades, or negotiated private transactions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not repurchase any of the shares available. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Bank paid 7.8 million in cash dividends to the Holding Company which funded the Holding Company s operating costs, payments of interest on its junior subordinated debt, and dividend payments to shareholders. 
 
 On September 24, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.12 per share on the Company s common stock. The dividend was payable on October 23, 2024, to shareholders of record as of October 7, 2024. Approximately 2.1 million was transferred from retained earnings to dividends payable to allow for the distribution of the dividend to shareholders. 
 
 The Bank, as a state-chartered bank, is subject to dividend restrictions set forth in the California Financial Code, as administered by the Commissioner of the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation (the Commissioner ). As applicable to the Bank, the Financial Code provides that the Bank may not pay cash dividends in an amount that exceeds the lesser of the retained earnings of the Bank or the Bank s net income for the last three fiscal years less the amount of distributions to the Holding Company during that period of time. If the above test is not met, cash dividends may only be paid with the prior approval of the Commissioner, in an amount not exceeding the Bank s net income for its last fiscal year or the amount of its net income for the current fiscal year. Such restrictions do not apply to stock dividends, which generally require neither the satisfaction of any tests nor the approval of the Commissioner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Commissioner finds that the shareholders equity of the Bank is not adequate or that the declaration of a dividend would be unsafe or unsound, the Commissioner may order the Bank not to pay any dividend. The Federal Reserve Bank may also limit dividends paid by the Bank. 

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 This item is not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well-designed and executed, can provide only reasonable assurance that desired control objectives will be achieved. Management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of controls and procedures. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures was carried out under the supervision and participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Based on the foregoing evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes made to the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 The Company does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and fraud. A control procedure, no matter how well conceived and executed, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control procedure will be met. Because of these inherent limitations in control 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 procedures, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns in controls or procedures can occur due to simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of a person, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any control procedure is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions or deterioration in the degrees of compliance with policies and/or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control procedure, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is involved in various legal proceedings in the normal course of business. In the opinion of Management, any liability resulting from such proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 6. Exhibits : 
 
 (a) Exhibits: 
 11 Computation of Earnings per Share 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of United Security Bancshares pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of United Security Bancshares pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of United Security Bancshares pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of United Security Bancshares pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Data required by Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 260, Earnings per Share , is provided in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 United Security Bancshares Date: November 6, 2024 /S/ Dennis R. Woods Dennis R. Woods President and Chief Executive Officer /S/ David A. Kinross David A. Kinross Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ubfo-20240930exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1 10Q Q3 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Dennis R. Woods, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of United Security Bancshares 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a) - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 S Dennis R. Woods Dennis R. Woods President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United Security Bancshares and will be retained by United Security Bancshares and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ubfo-20240930exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2 10Q Q3 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David Kinross, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of United Security Bancshares 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a) - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 S David A. Kinross David A. Kinross Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United Security Bancshares and will be retained by United Security Bancshares and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ubfo-20240930exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1 10Q Q3 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission solely for the purpose of complying with Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 Dennis R. Woods, the Chief Executive Officer of United Security Bancshares certifies 
 
 1. that this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. that information contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United Security Bancshares. 
 s Dennis R. Woods Dennis R. Woods President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ubfo-20240930exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2 10Q Q3 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission solely for the purpose of complying with Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 November 6, 2024 
 
 David Kinross, the Chief Financial Officer of United Security Bancshares certifies 
 
 1. that this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. that information contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United Security Bancshares. 
 
 s David A. Kinross David A. Kinross Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ubfo-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ubfo-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ubfo-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ubfo-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ubfo-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

